 Mexican men are macho rapists, gangsters or ineffective bureaucrats. Mexican women are semi-pagan, pious fools. There are self-serving corporate types and even a pushy, culturally-insensitive liberal female reporter.  The story is absurd, the characters are unbelievable, the stereotypes are offensive.
 This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen. The acting wasn't good, it was very predictable, and some parts of the plot were competly unnecessary. The worst bit of acting was when Yellow comes home, his owner has no expression when he sees him and does not look even remotely happy. If you want predictable, watch a survival movie. What happens, almost always, is a person gets lost in the wilderness in an accident, they struggle to survive, they are found, and then brought home. "Far From Home is no exception. As for unnecessary, the whole "romance part of this movie was badly done and not needed. The girl gives him cookies and kisses him when he comes home, and all the while, the boy of her affections remains pretty much obtuse. Also some parts of this movie might upset young children, such as the time he kills a rabbit and when Yellow can't be rescued. All in all, I would not advise anyone to see this movie; in fact, I would warn against it.
 Classics remain beloved for hundreds of years because they are wonderfully crafted and contain universal truths that still speak to us. The director and producer of this condescending adaptation of Dumas' classic story must feel that the modern American audience doesn't have the intelligence to appreciate great classic works.  Oh, the basic story line is there--man is wronged, man goes to prison, man escapes, man finds treasure, man seeks revenge. But that is where the homage to this great work ends and the often ridiculous changes are made. I know that it is cliche to say that the movie is not as good as the book. In this case, however, I can't believe they actually had the audacity to call the movie by the same name as the classic novel which it so minimally follows.  One can excuse some adaptations of a novel when produced as a screenplay, but the changes made in this case lose all the beauty and terrible power of the original story. Instead of a wonderful slow burn with a lot of atmosphere as Dantes slowly and painstakingly weaves a web of revenge for the wrongs done to him, we have stupid devices like a flamboyant entry in a hot air balloon, complete with Cirque du Soleil acrobats twisting on the ropes. Instead of an intricate plan to destroy the personages who wronged him, we have swashbuckling sword fights every few scenes.  Some major characters are missing completely (such as Valentine) some have been shamelessly changed and substituted (Jacopo for Ali). The final plot device is totally contrived and NOT in the book--we find out that Dantes has a son sired on Mercedes before he was arrested. I guess the screenwriters felt they had to put some sex in the story or no one would like it.  I awaited this production eagerly; having now seen it I feel disgusted and insulted.  If you want to see an intelligent production of the Count of Monte Cristo, avoid this movie like the Black Death. It would be better to lock the DVD in the Chateau D'If. If you haven't read the book, you may enjoy it, since you won't be dissapointed by what is lacking. It does have good scenery and filming, although some of the acting is terrible (Jacopo especially).  To the director and producers
 While this maybe an entertainig movie for the ones who have not read the book, it is an abomination for those of us who cherish one of the world's greatest classics.  It is like Romeo and Juliette getting married and live happily ever after.  There are indeed beautiful scenes, good acting and an appealing story the movie is not really reflecting the book.  I was thoroughly disgusted walking out of the theater. I would very highly recommend the 1974 version with Richard Chaimberlain as a much better film
 If you read and loved the book, then most likely this movie isn't for you.  The only similarities between the two being Dantes imprisonment and escape.  I have yet to see a movie version of the Count of Monte Cristo that gets the story right, the closest being the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version, but even that one had it's flaws.  A summery of this movie would be Edmond Dantes' life is ruined by his greedy friend, but after tweleve years in prison, Dantes comes back, gets his vengence, and Mercedes and his life goes back to how it was twelve years ago.  The book is so much deeper, and this unrealistic fairy tale ending makes the whole movie feel flat.
 I had just finished reading the book and decided I'd like see how it was adapted to the big screen.  This version was the worst adaptation I've seen of a book made into a movie.  As I watched the film I wondered if the makers of the movie even bothered to read the book.  My girlfriend kept asking me during the film if "that happened in the book?  At the end of the movie I told her that basically everything in the movie was not how it occurred in the book.  She enjoyed the movie until the end when it was like a "cheesy 80's montage".  The book is wonderful.  When I finished reading it, I felt like I had lost a good friend-I wished I could just keep reading it and reading it.  I've never read such an excellent novel.
 Probably the worst re-telling of a great novel I have ever seen. Only scant resemblence to the Dumas book appears in this movie. the screenplay is contrived and the action uneven at best. It's too bad because the actors do a nice job with their roles. This may be an unfair criticism because I couldn't bear to watch this thing to the end. The version with Gerard Depardieu is no more satisfying or faithful to the original source. For the new generation of moviegoers, try to see the made for TV movie with Richard Chamberlain as Dantes. You'll enjoy Alexandre Dumas much more than Alexandre Dumb...
 If you have read Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo then you know that it is a tale that begins but developing the character of Edmond Dantes.  He is a simple man whose main ambition is to marry the beautiful Mercedes.  He proposes to her and on the night of their engagement he is arrested for treason, betrayed by his best friend.  This is a summation of the first chapter.  The second and maybe third chapter relates his time in prison, learning and growing from his relationship with a fellow prisoner.  He also learns from this prisoner the location of a treasure suitable for a dozen kings.  The remaining 90% of the book relates the immensley complicated details of his revenge on those that tore from him the life he held so precious.  It is a tale of intrigue and revenge that takes its time to build and develop.  When you see the traps swinging closed on Dante's enemies you feel a sense of accomplishment with him.  Now, on to the movie.  The first full half of the movie relates Dante's betrayal and captivity.  This leaves only an hour to illustrate his revenge.  What is accomplished is a sad imitation of Alexandre Dumas' master work.  This is one of my favorite books, and one of my least favorite movies.  Hollywood's need for adventure movies to be fast paced to match today's lifestyle has ruined this story for many people.  They just don't know it.
 This was only useable elsewhere. It said wrong area when I inserted it, But Im told it cant be returned if 'opened' I just took off the cellophane. Why agree to sell and post a DVD to the UK when it was impossible to watch?? a big con trick
 It finally arrived after waiting over a month....it was sent with no protective wrapping of any kind and was damaged...as was the case it arrived in...I was very disatisfied and not pleased...from now on I will only order strictly from amazon.
 I ordered a Used-Like New dvd, and the dvd was packaged nicely with a seemingly new and glossed cover. However, after popping it into the dvd player, the movie played till about half of the time and started freezing and showing no picture but sound. I initially thought something was wrong with my dvd player, so I took the dvd to my friends computers, three of them, and the same error showed at the same place in the movie. I was so frustrated because I loved this movie so much that I was so happy to now have an actual dvd copy of it; however, that was a fail. Because it was Used dvd nonetheless, I felt scammed. The sellers must have had checked whether the dvd worked properly or not, but they still sold it--to me. Please check your USED CD/DVDs before reselling it back! In the end, I asked for a refund, and I hope I get it.
 Calling this movie after Alexandre Dumas' original novel is like calling Bernstein's 'West Side Story' 'Romeo and Julliette' after Shakespeare's work. So many elements of the story were altered that Dumas' original plot and theme are no longer recognizable except for the names of some of the characters. They might as well call this film 'The Count of Hollywood' and set the story in modern L.A. instead of 19th century France.    In this film, Dantes is informed of the mission to rescue Napoleon from the onset as opposed to finding about it when returning to shore. Danglars is barely in the picture and is cast as a pirate instead of a banker. Mercedes marries Fernand one month after Dantes is imprisoned instead of 18 months (So much for her loyalty
 This review is not of the movie, which I love and why I want it on bluray, the review is of the actual bluray disc.  I bought the movie and exchanged it twice all for the same problems
 I can't belive they dis such a horrible work on this movie, if they would have stuck to the plot that went on in THE BOOK, you know, where they got the idea from, then the movie would have been a success.  But since hollywood likes to ruin great works of art, then they do what they did with this movie, they BLEW IT!!!! If you really want to get the true feel of The Count Of Monte Cristo,  then READ THE BOOK, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED THERE.
 Apparently someone who read the book 5 years ago gave the screenwriter a brief rundown on the plot. Holy [cow]. I really enjoyed the book and this was a big letdown.  Huge parts of movie are new, and enormous pieces of the original plot are left out.  It would be one thing if the changes made the transition to film easier, (as with Lord of the Rings), but I don't think they even tried. Dumas is not exactly the most daring or controversial writer; I'm not sure why a perfectly good story, and ending, had to be filled up with enough dairy to rival a cheese castle. If you haven't read the book in a while or at all and you do like this movie, or even if you think it was allright, please take the time to read or review the book. Maybe the makers didn't want to spoil the book for that haven't read it, I'm not sure.  There's much more satisfaction at the end than an illegitimate child and a duel between two people that were never "boyhood friends. As I write this, I am about 500 pages into reading the book.  I decided to watch this because I was certain that, as a major Hollywood production, it would not reveal to me any of the plot I have not yet encountered.  Man, I hate being right sometimes. Scene 1
 Very inferior to the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version. It's as if a chimp took a sledgehammer to the story and knocked all the sense out of it. The characters are dumbed down and the actors are forced into flat caricatures (except for a fine performance by Richard Harris). Caviezal is unable to transform the guileless young Dantes into the dynamic Machiavellian. When he makes his entrance as The Count of Monte Cristo, he limply floats onto the scene and sighs, "Glad you could all make it to my party. Since most of the movie was shot in the dark, there is little for the eyes here. Even the music disappoints.
 After finishing Dumas' classic novel, I immediatly watched this movie. About an hour later, and a hillarious balloon scene, I sadly ejected the DVD, which I now use for a coaster. If you've never read the book, you've got nothing to lose. But if you've ever read the book, you get that sense of annoyance very quickly, and outrage towards the end. Do yourself a favor and read the book first! It is excellent!
 I understand such a huge book can not be transferred wholly to the big screen, but the script deviates drastically from the book in the way it ends. Had i known that, i wouldn't have bought it.  There are some very nice scenes & cinematography.
 This DVD would not play due to parameters.  Read carefully ...REGION 2.  Will not play in America.  Total Fail for me!<a href="http
 Well this is a great movie but have not had the pleasure of getting to watch it because I am out of region. What does that mean anyway!? Not sure but don't buy anything if out of a region cause it won't play. Guess ya live and learn!
 The Count of Monte Cristo in the original book starts off as a young and naive sailor. But the betrayal by his supposed friends and his unjust imprisonment turns him into someone very different.  He presents himself at different times as enigmatic, dangerous, cunning, able to bend criminals to his will and to lure aristocrats into becoming his friend.  He finds out the inner secrets of each of his enemies and turns their weaknesses into their downfall.  This character is perhaps the most romantic in fiction and one of the most complex.  The script does the actors a serious disservice, but a stronger actor in the role of the Count could still have done a good job of showing us the deep undercurrent of anger that drove his actions and made him believable.  Unfortunately, James Caviezel isn't capable of bringing that depth of acting to the role.  The people who enjoyed the mini-series/film either never read the book or have forgotten what it was really like.
 I opened this "new DVD and it skipped every 20 to 30 seconds throughout the entire movie. I would not recommend buying a DVD from this seller, as it may not work properly.
 The book, The Count of Monte Cristo, is one of my favorites.  I know that movies can miss certain elements in the book and that usually the book is better.  So I can forgive most movies even if they miss some things.  But this movie seems to have missed the point entirely.  It seems that they thought sword fights and one-liners where what this story is about.  Where the book created this fully fleshed world of Edmond Dantes, the movie is like the superficial Hollywood version of the hastily read cliff notes.  If you are looking for a movie that takes the themes from this book accurately, then watch the movie, SLEEPERS.  (with Jason Patrick, Brad Pitt, Robert DeNiro, etc.)  Even though the time and place and people are entirely different, the story of this film rings more true to the heart of the novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, than any film version of the book I've ever seen.  Read the book, and watch both movies and you'll see why.
 For those of you who have read the book (abridged or unabridged), be prepared to be dissapointed!  The only similarity that the movie and the book share is the name itself.  It is a travesty that somebody can re-write a classic literary work into something like a made-for-tv movie!  Check that...there is a made-for-tv series in French (made by Bravo, I believe) that is the closest depiction of The Count of Monte Cristo that I have ever seen.  I would not waste my time watching thismovie!  See the bravo flick...not this one!
 What an unmitigated piece of garbage.  Richard Harris is always wonderful but he's the only redeeming feature of this perverse twisting of Dumas' classic.  See the G&eacute;rard Depardieu mini-series instead.  (If you can ignore the fact that he doesn't look starved in the Chateau d'If, it's wonderful.)  Except for Harris the acting is poor.  The people are unrealistic and are, at best, caricatures of Dumas' creations.  The writer has committed a crime.
 I have a blu-ray player that is a year old.  The firmware is from this year. This is the first blu-ray disc that will not play.  I tried two copies that were in perfect condition.  Do not buy this disk.
 This movie is the events of Dumas' classic stamped onto a canned Hollywood adventure/love story.  The formula is the same used in 80's montage movies
 I had to return this Blue Ray twice and I still don't have a working copy. finaly I told Amazon to refund my purchase. the disc would not play on my new Sony BR player. I updated my firmware and other BR discs played on my player, but I was never able to get this disc to play.
 Why is it that so many filmmakers believe that they can improve upon classic novels by changing them?  Such conceit rarely results in a movie that is a credit to the novel upon which it is based, few surpass the original, and this is certainly no exception. Jim Caviezel is certainly eye candy in this movie, and if you are interested in that, or in seeing a VERY YOUNG Henry Cavill (of the Tudors), then by all means buy this movie.  However, if you want to enjoy "The Count of Monte Cristo, slog through the book.  This is NO substitute.  Most of the plot has been stripped away, and that which remains has been altered beyond recognition.
 This is easily one of the five worst movies I've ever seen. Forget that, it's one of the *two* worst movies I've ever seen. While Guy Pearce is usually an excellent actor, and Jim Caviezel has the perfect look for Edmund Dantes (at least, post-imprisonment), there is nothing that could have saved such a woefully terrible screenplay. The Dumas novel is one of the best books I've ever read, filled with intrigue, action, and mystery, with vibrant characters and brilliant plotting. Granted, adapting such a grand story to the screen would probably take four hours or more, but if one isn't going to attempt an adaptation of the original story, then one should just make a new movie. That being said, all the interesting, original parts of the book were removed and replaced with a cookie-cutter revenge plot, stereotypical, one-dimensional characters, and bland dialogue that too often inserts modern slang into Napoleonic-era France. This movie is the "Count of Monte Cristo in name only, and in every other way, a poorly conceived, vapid, dime-a-dozen action flick. Avoid it at all costs.
 I've been itching to buy this movie since I saw it in the theatre. Now I'm going to have to wait until they release a widescreen version because there's no way I'm paying for pan&scan. A beautifully crafted film both in visuals and acting, not to mention the masterful story telling. The only letdown is not having widescreen, which is unforgivable and therefore this DVD release gets one star, for what would otherwise be a five star rating.
 My only reason for seeing this film is because  Luis Guzman is in it.  I find these Napoleon/Shakespeare/pirate films to very very dull, boring and over-long.    Luis plays a much different role here than what we are use to seeing.  Doesn't he look handsome in that red English coat?
 The DVD was from the wrong region - didn't even know that was possible. So irritated I didn't want to mess with return process.Still don't have my DVD,  ) 
 One thing I want to point out about this documentary is it starts out talking about personal credit card debt and approximately 30 mins into the documentary starts to talk about national debt and how much national debt the U.S. owes. In economics, personal credit card debt and the national debt are two very different issues. I find it dishonest that the filmmakers would mislead consumers by lumping both types of debt together - they are separate issues and need to be addressed as such.  I would agree with the part of the film where it states "debt is a much larger symptom of economic and structural issues facing households and that "households are facing declining and stagnating incomes while costs are skyrocketing". I certainly agree that public policy must be changed to address such issues, however, the film barely touched upon this topic.  I kept waiting to hear solutions the film would propose to address personal credit card debt in this nation - whether those solutions be on a personal or national level. In the end, the film gave about a 5-minute soundbite on the how this issue needs to be addressed at the community level.  Overall, poorly organized documentary that goes off on tangents. The mention of faith-based solutions at the end without elaborating on what such solutions are rounded off an already weak movie.
 The least informative documentary I have ever seen and I am a career student.  This documentary provided no proof for its claims. All of the claims are backed by indivdual opinions with no creditability. Dont waste your money... Email me and I will mail you my copy.
 I took a chance on this low cost download, hoping the low-budget art-house movie would interest my mind and entertain me.  First, the digital quality forced me to either sit far back or to shrink the image on my screen.  I've have better image quality with VHS videos.  The best attributes of the content were a decent makeup/face of the actor playing the artist, and a plain-looking painted wall in one of the rooms had some 'potential'.  Other than that, there is nothing to interest the viewer visually.  The asylum and people don't look like late 19th Century southern France.  They don't even try to behave, look, or sound French.  Just a little is all that's needed for the viewers imaginations to pick up on something.  No views of the countryside or closeups of anything interesting to set the stage or mood.  Lighting skills were absent.  The entire first 20 minutes could have been just a few lines with some emotion and visuals to set the tone, but rather it's an immense amount of words spoken by the actor either to himself or to someone else.  Worse, the words are like they are read from a poorly written book.  No other conflicts, nothing else going on, and simply no theatrical or cinematic 'artistry'.  After 20 minutes, I fast forwarded to see if anything else happened different, but was disappointed.  I've seen low budget do well before, but this lacks all those little elements that are needed to make it something entertaining.
 The actor playing Van Gogh has the mannerisms and speech patterns of Woody Allen. It's the worst acting I've ever seen, and there's nothing else to focus on, as the film is nothing but a series of hallucinated conversations interrupted by stuttering, hand-wringing monologues.
 the stream was pixelated and kept on stopping and starting. There was no smooth stream. I tried to watch it at different times on 2 different computers same results
 If you thought "Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla had to be the worst Sammy Petrillo movie, think again. In 2007 I said of Petrillo's performance in that vastly better (!) production "...be advised that Sammy Petrillo may be the most annoying man in show business, and in retrospect that was generous. "Keyholes are for Peeping features Petrillo in a dual role
 Imagine you are a woman living in the United States, and a foreign fighter (Pick any of the convenient enemies - The Soviets, Al Qaida, The French, etc) invades your town, killing your husband and trying to destroy your very way of life.  Imagine again, that within 6 months, he has learned everything there is to know about being an American, and has embraced the American culture and now becomes a leader in the fight against his own countrymen. So dedicated is he to his new "family", that he even goes into battle wearing your dead husband's uniform.  Did I mention that you have fallen madly in love with him?  If this sounds too far-fetched to be true, imagine the same story, only you are Japanese, a race and culture renowned for excluding outsiders and foreigners, as well as a culture that is almost impenetrable in its subtlety.  Unbelieveable, isn't it? Apparently, not if you're Tom Cruise.
 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure March 4, 2004 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way considering there History.
 This film is an absolute load of steamer.  I died laughing watching it at the theater, and then again when i saw it on dvd. Tom Cruise, arguably the most over-rated actor in the past 50 years, would have been waxed in the scene where he is taken hostage to start with.  the very ethic the movie takes such pains to over-illustrate would have had it no other way. the japanese guys did a decent job, but i couldn't help but think they were just there to cash hollywood checks.  It is rather like when American actors come to Japan to do a friggin car commercial.  There is no critical fallout, so why bother?  Why indeed.
 Oh how I wish I could spend three months in the mountains and come out speaking flawless Japanese... -__-   This film is one of those ones that aspires to show everyone in a politically correct light and ruthlessly employs stereotypes galore to attempt to do it. The noble white man comes to the tiny idyllic remote village and is reformed and turned to the way of bushido by the kind and benevolent natives who come to respect him too. Even gets to fall in love with the demure  perfect  widow of the man he killed. And on top of that, he manages to change the mind of the emperor! How far we've come in making films that don't depict Asian stereotypes. -_-   The historical problems with this film are huge, but then again it didn't claim to be a documentary. The real problems lie in the representation of women, and the romantization of the culture (everything from bushido to the army).   There are some redeeming qualities, which include Ken Watanabe's excellent performance, and the beautiful and lush scenery/clothing which was relatively authentic. (I know most of this was shot in Canada...but the set pieces were very well researched)   If you want a film with substance, start checking out films from people actually from Japan. Zatoichi, and Twilight Samurai (both currently playing in select cities) come to mind, or any of the works of Akira Kurosawa.   Or for a different spin with beautiful visuals, check out China's Hero (soon to be released on the big screen here).
 Decent acting, decent actors, terrible writting, no research into Japanese customs whatsoever, almost as insulting as  Rising Sun.   Waste of over two hours.
 Samurai were not that stupid. I don't particularly like some aspects of classic Japanese culture (excessive obsession over honor and conformity), but the one thing they do better than most other Asian cultures is adapt military technologies when given the opportunity.  To imply that there was a group of Japanese Samurai who refused to use fire-arms is retarded. The Japanese have used guns since they first encountered them from the Europeans in the early 1400's, from these they reverse engineered. Japanese Warlords have won the entire country with rifle-men.  Historically, there really were a group of samurai who rebelled against a modernizing Japan. And they really did fight to death. And they really did only used swords.  But not due to a retarded dogmatic aversion to guns, but because they ran out of gun-powder in their last battle.  Also the idea that the last and only surviving samurai would be a white man is insulting.
 I held this one off for a long time. I was at the very bottom of my list of movies to see. I just knew it was gonna be trash. Aside from some breathtaking photography this film is dumbed down Hollywood trash. An insult to Japanese filmakers like Akira Kurosawa (Seven Samurai) and Hiroshi Inagaki (Samurai Trilogy) who's Samurai films have captured the hearts of audeinces worldwide.  Not only is this film a rip off of those directors but it's also a poor attempt at mimicing Hollywood epics like Braveheart. Probably the worst thing about this film is Tom Cruise's occaisional narration of his diary. What kind of warrior keeps a diary anyway? Isn't that for pansies? Anyway it serves as pointless drivel that mearly point's out the allready obvious. It's like they tried to make this film idiot proof. I think they should have focused on making it average joe/jane pissed off cause they spent 5 bucks to rent this crap proof.   The Characater development in this film was pretty much the same any Jean Claued Van Damme film. Last time I checked  Kickboxer  or  Bloodsport  didn't get nominated for any Academy Awards. I was just waiting for a training montage.  That's all I'm gonna write about this film. I have better stuff to review.
 This film fails both historically and morally.   The real Imperial Army was not inept and cowardly as shown in this film.  Every Japanese history textbook I've ever read says that the conscript soldiers were disdained by the haughty samurai, but that they proved their bravery and worth in the battles against them.  There's nothing in this film that shows the arrogance and contempt the samurai had for the  dirt farmers  whom they expected to easily defeat, but who stood their ground and shot them to pieces.  The samurai, incidentally, had just as many cannons and muskets as their opponents.  I cannot understand why the filmmaker had to make the samurai's enemies so evil and stupid, instead of portraying the war as a sincere clash of cultures between men who fought for what they belived in.   Morally, it really hurt me to see Tom Cruise (Algren) wading so cold-bloodedly into the teenage troops he had been training six months ago and butchering them without the slightest compunction.  And there wasn't even any sort of remorse voiced by Cruise/Algren, even in a cliched, off-the-cuff sort of way ( Many brave men on both sides will die today. ).  Maybe he hacked to death that poor, scared man he was trying to teach how to shoot earlier in the film.   This is one of those films that, like  The Patriot , gets every cuff button and chin-strap of the costumes right, but fails to capture the spirit of an era and its people by resorting to black-and-white/good-and-evil cliches.  It looks geat, but has a rotten core.
 Apart from being slow, condescending, cliched and overblown, this film is hilarously, and unintentionally ironic. An American from an American-backed 'peace keeping force' joins with a bunch of reactionary rebels. Amazingly, the rebels are right to despise 'western ways' in their desire to cling to 'traditional' beliefs. Guns, progress and capitalism aren't, apparently, the basis for inner peace. In the face of impossible odds, it's still better to die an honourable death in the face of automatic weapons. So, presumably, the follow up will be something like 'Last Jihad Warrior' where Tom Cruise joins the Iraqi Shi'ite militia in a vainglorious rebellion against Apache attack helicopters.
 (...) Haters of Western Culture have no fear
 At every opportunity this movie failed in the presentation of its larger themes.  To begin with, the presentation of honor, as illustrated through the statements and military tactics of the rebel samurai leader, demonstrated a grotesque misunderstanding of the term.  The idea that honor somehow requires a military leader to ignore cutting edge military technology, i.e. firearms, or to blindly charge forward at a numerically superior and better armed foe is laughable.  Furthermore, the healing power of love can hardly be demonstrated by a widow who jumps in bed with her husband's killer before his corpse is even cold, even if the killer is Tom Cruise.  On a side note, I could hardly restrain my laughter when Cruise's character appears in the doorway of the widow's house wearing her husband's armor.  Regarding the below comments about the racially insensitive aspects of this movie, I completely agree.  If I was Japanese, I would be annoyed at how Tom Cruise's American character, after spending only a short time in the samurai village, ultimately holds himself out to be the highest exponent of the samurai virtues and then presumes to instruct the Emperor on how to act.  I get hot under the collar when Europeans comment about how Americans should act or vote.  I can only imagine that people of Japanese citizenship or descent would have a similar reaction to the manner in which samurai culture was depicted in this film.
 Wonderful movie, one of the best you'll ever experience and since most reviewers wrote a lot about this movie I won't.  The DVD was very disappointing to me because this movie was based on Japan and it's history, however, it doesn't offer you to watch the movie in Japanese or it doesn't even offer the Japanese subtitle!!!  They offer the typical, Spanish and French!  It would have improved this DVD greatly if they had an option to either watch it in Japanese or to watch it with Japanese subtitle.
 No wonder the Japanese people hate this movie.  It's not only the stereotypes (most of the Japanese characters were faceless or ugly, and in general violent and, hmm, stereotyped).  It's also the pretentious way of fitting an Oriental philosophy in a Westerner's world.  I'm not against meshing the best of different worlds.  I'm just saying the novel and the movie are purely made to make money, and there's nothing philosophical or endearing about the story or the main character.  Of course, it has to end with the white man taking the Asian woman as his bride.  No wonder the Japanese hate this movie.
 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, they at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms; it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century; the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors the real history of Japan.
 In terms of history, thie movie is a fiction, but it succeed in explaining the main idea of samurai spirit. I like it.
 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movies, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way.
 This movie was filmed in Australia and not like Japan at all, there is even scene with coconut tree! This movie is Japan from eyes of American, not bushido, NOT TRUE SAMURAI, not the heart of Japan. Japanese emperor and bushido are not heterogenous, this movie mislead of Japan conception. Why ninja attacking village? Was this still playing active part in Japan which became Meiji? -No. The scene when children eat meal without having a rice bowl in left hand, this is very ill mannered in Japanese meal, and this also Samurai's child? -No. To say "This Hollywood film drew the heart of Japan or samurai correctly is profanity to the samurai who fought for the resturation of Japan. --- A rental is enough, I think we see only one time even if we buy it.
 yawn.....  anything happen?  no?  ok yawn....
 I knew what sort of film to expect when I pressed play but this film I thought was quite poor, a huge let down. Anyone familiar with Japanese history would I think feel "is it necessary to make up a fictional character from scratch to give an account of when the samurai became obsolete as a class when "real characters from history could be deployed?". If hollywood wanted to make a film about how the samurai mode of fighting was becoming outmoded then they could have used characters like Isami Kondou instead of Katsumoto.
 I first saw this movie in 05 after everyone I knew who'd seen it said it was awesome.  However I had the exact opposite reaction to this movie.  Other reviewers have pointed out many ridiculous things about this movie.  Here are the ones I think are the most prevalent. 1. The historical and cultural reality of this movie is flipped to where the dwindling noble samurai are the good guys and the big mean Japanese government advised by the dastardly US is the bad guy. 2. The time it takes Tom Cruise to learn the "ways of the samurai is extremely short, and the Samurai people he lives among, for the most part, seem to not have a problem with this outsider, despite their history of not accepting people outside of Japan. 3. It is in your face about the Indian Wars and the atrocities the "white man inflicted on the Native Americans, and how US influence in Japan was evil and sinister in nature.  Not to mention it "corrupts the culture that was once innocent in it's lack of industrialization and modern technology.  another stupid thing that others have pointed out is how the samurai are portrayed as only using the archaic sword and bow, while the evil government uses modern mechanized weapons.  This is BS, because the Samurai had been using guns since the 1600s just like much of the world.  This is typical for movies like it.  The poor weak natives who are nice to the earth and use thing that don't do little to no harm to the planet, while the big evil bad guys don't care and whatever they want to the earth.  I'm not necessarily saying they did this on purpose, but it is typical.  In closing, this movie sucks! It's an overly used storyline that is exactly like  Dances With Wolves, Avatar, ect.  The only difference being it's set in Japan. Even at 16 when I first saw The Last Samurai I abhorred it, and five year later I  still can honestly say the same.
 In the 19th Century Japan became part of the world. For hundreds of years the country was ruled by a prime minister who had the title of Shogun. His rule was backed by a feudal system of armed nobles who had retinues of hereditory warriors called samurai. Samurai were of noble birth and trained in both warrior skills and an ideology of warfare. The 19th Century saw the Emperor of Japan sieze power from the Shogun and to end the feudal system creating a conscript army and a modern navy. To do this he imported overseas advisors, Prussians to train the army British and French to help with the navy. The change to the power structure lead to a revolt of the samurai class upset at the loss of their traditional privalages. This film is about this revolt. Being an American film the action is seen through the prism of an American officer. This of course is the first point at which we move into the land of fairy tale. At the time of the events of this film America had a small army of no great reputation. However probably Tom Cruise does a poor German accent.  Rather than being a drama about what happened the film is about the Tom Cruise character. That is a person who has had his soul destroyed as he has been part of a massacre of Indian women and children. This has turned him into an alcoholic who is drifting through life. In this film he is redeemed.  He is captured by the samurai in a battle and then kept prisoner in a remote village for the winter. In his time he becomes a convert to the samurai life style and decides to switch sides in the last epic pointless battle to keep the feudal system going in Japan. In this way he redeams himself and heal the pain of the massacre. He is also able to kill the American officer who commanded him to kill the native Americans.  The film is gratutously insluting to important figures in Japanese history. The emperor Meiji who was responsible for modernising his country is portrayed instead as a figure of self confidence and vision, as a dithering boy who needs Tom Cruise to help him discover the true values of his country. Cruise in talking to his feudal buddies the Samurai immediately takes on a leadership role planning the last idiotic battle and gives them tiresome lectures about the wars between the Greeks and the Persians.  The film is not only laboured and tiresome it is reflective of American hubris and is unhistoric in putting them at the centre of events they had no part in.
 He goes over to Japan to assert his Western superiority, learns some fancy swordplay but never becomes a Samurai because he's not as good as the Japanese. And all his Western battle strategies fail, so some of the Samurais want to kill him but there's this one well-respected Japanese Samurai who teaches him to be Japanese, houses him, clothes him, and treats him like a brother.  So in a heat of battle when Tom can't hold his own against the enemy the Japanese Samurai has to step in to save Tom's life thus showing him who's the real deal.  This samurai also gets all the Japanese women and they all hate Tom and treat him like the foreign freak that he is so he's lonely and ends up with Penelope Cruz, who happens to be a missionary teaching the Japanese about Christianity.  But then Tom finds out that Penelope actually loves the Japanese Samurai who saved his life and is just being friendly to Tom out of pity.  Tom is angry about this because he can't get any from the Japanese women or Penelope so he turns against this Japanese Samurai who helped him out through thick and thin and challenges him to a sword duel.  So in the sword duel, the Japanese Samurai out duels him but since the Japanese Samurai isn't a killing freak, he stops short of killing him and gives him the ultimatum to leave Japan.  So wounded, Tom limps towards a boat, then you see him mutter, "Friggin' Japs.... turn around and shoots the good caring Japanese Samurai in the shoulder!  Unfazed, the Japanese samurai gets back up and charges towards Tom with his sword as Tom is frantically trying to reload his gun to light the fuse to take a second shot at the samurai. Just as Tom is about to point the gun in the Japanese samurai's face to blow it off, the Japanese Samurai slices the gun in half (fantastic symbolism of Eastern culture defeating evil Western culture) and delivers the deathblow!  Finally, Tom is on the pier, bleeding to death and says I...I just wanted to be like you...a brave, noble Samurai...but...but was to weak...forgive me.... and dies.  Props to the writer at www.modelminority.com
 The Last Samurai is a re-do of the 1990 borefest Dances With Wolves.  Once again, a formerly evil American U.S. Army officer comes to the aid of an indigenous people who are threatened by evil predatory U.S. imperialism.  At least that is what the filmmakers would like you to believe.  Actually, the Japanese samurai were an oppressor class in their own right.  The samurai preyed on the peasants.  Eventually, as reformers took hold in 19th Century Japan, a new national army based on the peasantry was formed.  When the samurai rose in revolt against the reform government and attempted to restore their traditional privileges. the national army defeated them.  The Last Samurai fails as both movie and history.  Avoid it like the plague.
 I hate this film very much.  One of the worst movie I have ever seen.  The last battle field is totally ridiculous; yes, R-I-D-I-C-U-L-O-U-S.  All the samurai are killed (in such a way) except Tom Cruise (still alive)?!?!?!  How many people can survive such an attack (heavy open fire) if this was real?  I was amazed to see Tom Cruise walking into the Emperor Meiji's chamber and proudly presented himself as the last samurai the end of the film.  What the heck?  This film should be -3,000,000,000,000,000 stars!  Grrrrrrr!!!
 Yes I thought this movie was alright when I first saw it and I kept thinking that the story was vaguely familiar and then it hit me replace the samurai with Indians and Tom Cruise with Mel Gibson and you've basically got dances with wolves. this movie is a rip off and completely unoriginal.
 I thought the film itself was exellent.  Tom Cruise was very commendable is his role, and the action sequences were stunning.  Disregard my one star rating in that sense, and buy the film today!  My problem is the fact that there had to be an American in it at all.  Will a film flop if there isn't a white face on screen?  Being a big fan of "The Seven Samurai", I was in awe when I discovered that a modern film about samurai was hitting the big screen.  My anticipation was short-lived, however, when I realised the film focuses entirely on Tom Cruise, and he just had to be AMERICAN!  He's even the sole survivor of the end battle, a battle which did occur, but he certainly wasn't there!  Why not have a British or Portuguese, or Dutch character (nations that all were thoroughly involved with Japan at the time) if there has to be a caucasian?  This just reflects the shallowness of American audiences, I'm afraid...  (I'll probably get negative responses for this review, but please don't misunderstand me.  I think Americans are cool!)
 Samurai as good, honourable soldier who hold onto traditional value is like sharks in Finding Nemo who are vegetarian.  It is totally FAKE. Samurai are in essense ultra-loyal soldiers for Japanese Emperior.  Chinese and rest of Asia knows very well that these are people who kills civillians, children, women and anyone else if the Emperior ask them too.  Modernise or not is just the weapon they take up, not the mentality they have.   I am so sorry and angry that Hollywood have continued to romantize the 'Japanese value'.  Don't you people knows Japanese soldiers were like NAZI in Asia in World War? Even worse, they never apologize for their wrong during the war. They portrait themselves as survivors of the atomic bombs, victims of the wars when they are the PREDATORS who invade other countries in the first place Why can they get away with this? That's because the West are so impressed by the Samuria code of HONOUR to realize it is exactly this code of unquestionable loyalty that cause so much suffering over Asia. The Last Samurai may be an epic and Tom Cruise may have made Oscar worthy performance but would you honour a film portraiting how loyal Nazi was to Hitler or how English soldiers bravely killing Native Americans ?
 "Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, Status and Wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way.
 This is the most upseting movie I have ever watched in my life. I was brought to tears long after the movie was through. And why people like this movie is beyond me. How is it that so many movies follow the same paths? The last of the Mohicans, Dances with Wolves, The hunted, The Mexican...I mean what's up? These movie really do ponder the white man's ego. How is it that at the end of the battle scene Tom Cruise is left alive while the rest of the samurai were massacred? How? Tell me. And how is it that Taka and her children fell in love with the man that murdered the most important man of their lives. And people claim this is such an amazing tribute to the Japanese culture. Thats to someone that is completely ignorant. First off, a person should already be proud of their heritage, and what great tribute is there? Sure they make the samurai seem like peaceful people, but why then is it that a foriegner that learned little in a few months was able to survive and become the last samurai. It was all BS. This was one of the most hurtful movies that I have ever watched in my entire life. And I pity anyone that thought this movie was great. I feel sorry for every culture out there that was ever massacred by the American films. A person will never truly understand until it hits them. How would someone like it if Uma Thurman was the Last Pinay, or Charlize Theron was the Last Indian, or Tobey Mcguire was the Last Mexican, or Eminem is the Next 2pac, etc. No one would like it one bit. I bet if somewhere in Asia they made some Asian man the Last of the Americans, everyone would hate it forever. Everyone would murder those movies. But no one ever stops to think about how hurtful such a  wonderful  movie can be. So next time you think this movie is so great and you think people are overreacting, ask yourself this, how would you feel if you were in their place?
 The Last Samurai is a movie that erroneously glorifies Japanese history and some of its worst aspects.  Loosely based on fact, the real last samurai, Saigo Takamori, that this movie is based on was a terrible murderer who held tightly to an incredibly conservative viewpoint (translation
 I had high hopes, like many, going into this film. As a fan of the franchise, I was looking forward to that "blown out of my seat experience the other films of this saga have given me. Besides which, this is the film we've all been waiting for since the beginning, right? The future war! The resistance vs. Skynet! It couldn't possibly be bad, could it? Oh, you couldn't be more wrong!  This film lacked anything in the way of atmosphere or suspense. The mood of the film was extremely flat from almost the start and never really came to life. On top of that, I feel too much time was spent on the machines and not enough on John Connor and the humans (whom you'd think we should be rooting for). Sam Worthington's character, of the man made into a machine, never gained any sympathy or interest from me. The fact they gave away the "secret to his character in the trailers, certainly didn't help that, either. His character's actions are schizophrenic, at best, half the time making little sense, if any, and almost never ring true. A major flaw, to be sure, with how much time he gets on screen. And where is the dark dystopian world, filled with death and destruction? One where humans are an endangered species, that are the prey to the machines that now rule? The glimpses we've seen in the past films are completely ignored here, which hurts the continuity of the franchise and this film's place within it.  Then you have Christian Bale, who plays John Connor as a "Batman-lite affair. He uses the same kind of voice here, that he did in "The Dark Knight and it just doesn't work. He portrays none of the charisma and leadership that we know the character is supposed to have. All the emotions we've felt for him in the past are all stripped away here, as he comes off like a whiny and self-absorbed jerk. Hardly one you'd want being the savior of the human race. None of the other resistance members get enough screen time to make any kind of impression on you, so you never develop any bond in what might happen to them. I don't know if the cast just didn't care about the film, or if the script just gave them nothing to work with, but there is no fire in any of the performances.  And even if the script doesn't let the actors down, it has more than a few problems itself. They never really explain why Sam Worthington's character is the one chosen by Skynet. The story never gives you any feelings of dread or panic, despite tons of action on the screen. And while those action sequences are well shot and choreographed, they lack any real excitement. It never gets your pulse pounding. Plus there are tons of little things in the film, like Connor's wife being pregnant, which get no explanation or even a passing mention. I mean, what's the point in doing that, if it doesn't mean anything? And why is Skynet herding people into camps (ala the Nazis)? Shouldn't it simply be destroying all human life, to protect itself and win the war? It is another plot point that makes no sense, nor is given any reasoning for, in a script filled with them. Worst of all, and the one major flaw that ruins the whole film for me, is how, after Skynet has captured Kyle Reese (played by Anton Yelchin, in one of the few decent performances in the film), it doesn't kill him immediately, but uses him as bait to lure John Connor into a rescue mission. This kind of thinking, in terms of revenge and greed, is an emotional human failing Skynet should not have. It is a machine. It should know the simple equation
 T2 is by far one of the greatest action flicks ever made - it's layered with modern themes, awesome action, and inspired performances from Hamilton, Furlong, and Morton. Cameron is a jerk, but his directing is intense - we rarely see such daring REAL stunt work anymore. Outside of that, Terminator
 I'm a fan of the first two Terminator films.  T2 is a brilliant piece of cinema, in terms of both special effects and plot.  The character development in the script, and the subsequent performances by the actors, was leveraged superbly by director and franchise creator Jim Cameron.  Even Ah-nold kept it together enough to portray a cyborg as something more than a one-dimensional machine.  So it was with some anticipation that I purchased the (hopefully) LAST installment in the Terminator franchise
 In terms of big Hollywood movies, I feel like there are 2 kinds of bad movies
 Besides all of the regular broken things you hear about this movie...  The voice recordings of Sarah Connor were dull and impassive. They sounded like a school teacher discussing apples or oranges for lunch. They lacked a passionate or fiery edge (yes even in their vocies) as shown by Linda Hamilton from T2 or Lena Headey from TSCC? Oh wait, Linda Hamilton's voice was used... and she read her lines how the director wanted her to read them.  John Connor did nothing for this story, his parts could have been all in the background and it wouldn't of impacted the storyline in any way.  Continuity and Common sense were ignored
 Well, there's nothing like destroying a franchise, is there? Take two of science fiction and Hollywood's most beloved movies, remove everything that was ever good about them and flush them down the toilet - and Jim Cameron's not even dead yet. I love - LOVE - the originals and it pains me to watch my adoptive children get the George Lucas treatment. Let me count the ways in which this film will be remembered as one of the bedrock events in the destruction of storytelling and a critical step towards Michael Bay receiving the Nobel Peace prize and Best Screenplay Oscar in 2020.  I knew from the beginning it didn't look good from having a director called McG - Mr T was the last three-lettered celebrity I can remember but at least he didn't try to direct a film. When Helena Bonham Carter showed up as the stereotyped terminal cancer patient, I knew we were in trouble. And then Sam Worthington showed up (the Gene Hackman of our times, appearing in about 10% of all films currently being made) and couldn't decide on an American or Australian accent for the duration of the shoot. Fortunately, it's not too noticeable since Christian Bale's Batman growl steals the show.  If you can cast your mind back to the legitimate Terminator films, one of the rules is that bullets don't tend to do much damage to Terminators whereas molten steel is a pretty effective way in taking one out. In this film, it's the reverse - Christian Bale takes out a T-800 with a machine gun but fails to destroy one with molten steel. Go figure. And that's the most faithful this film gets to the originals.  Then there's a whole bunch of new characters introduced that nobody cares about and they attempt to recycle some of the iconic dialog ("Come with me if you want to live, to which the only response is "If the rest of the film is this bad, I'll stay here.")  Back to the bad and broken logic, Skynet is no longer trying to exterminate people but rather farm them for some reason that doesn't make any sense. It turns out that Sam Worthington is 50% Terminator too but by the time we find out, it's no surprise because we saw it in the trailer. More of a surprise is the massive Transformers-style bot that's incredibly bad at catching people. And then there's the even bigger surprise of the motorcycle-shaped Terminator that takes a USB Flash drive - thank God the USB2.0 protocol survived the war.  At some point Bryce Dallas Howard shows up, thankful that she's in something marginally better than Lady in the Water. Apparently, Claire Danes is still recovering from embarrassing herself in Terminator 3 and couldn't bring herself to this horror show. I don't really remember why she's there.  Anyway, plot-wise we get into some really convoluted plan by the machines that makes the average episode of Murder She Wrote look like Agatha Christie. They build this half-human-slash-cyborg thing to lure out John Connor when the real thing was infinitely more effective (or they could have just killed his father when they held him in the farm). Skynet is apparently running Windows ME since their strategic logic wouldn't win a chess game let alone Future War.  The ending - slight SPOILER ALERT here - is so far-fetched I had to rewatch a Christopher Nolan film to bring back my faith in the movie industry. There's a heart transplant surgery that would make a daytime soap opera blush and literally I was ready to head out for a beer when it happened.  So sorry for the rant but the first Terminator films are largely responsible for my love of movies and McG just did the worst possible job. Terminator 3 was possible to ignore but Terminator Salvation leaves my brain rocking back and forth in my head trying to make sense of the whole thing. As far as I'm concerned, this story ended perfectly when Arnold was lowered into the molten steel and that's the end of it.  If you remember how thrilled you were when first seeing Terminator 2, do yourself a favor and relive that film rather than having it trashed by this one. And I didn't even get to tell you how bad the pointless CGI Arnie looked but apparently it cost a *lot* of money.
 This isn't a real movie. There's no storyline, just a bunch of scenes that appear to lurch toward no conclusion whatsoever. No two plot points match, no human motivation appears to animate this cast of losers. No effort at all was expended on anything beyong stealing your money and wasting your time.  The unfathomable star power of Christian Bale, whose last credible performance was the lead in Empire of the Sun, was exploited to the hilt here. Bale has evolved perfect mastery of two acting modes, and only two
 If what you look for in a movie is a bunch of generic people spouting a bunch of generic duologue, this is the movie for you!  None of the charm, subtlety, depth, or focus of the first two Terminator's (or, dare I say, even the third) survived this adaptation. The locations are stale and lifeless, the people are as robotic and artificial as the CGI robots they're fighting, and only name recognition gives us any indication that this is even related to the original movies. I don't like any of these people, I don't care about any of these people, I'm not interested.  In the first three movies we got the sense that the protagonists were running away from a powerful and malevolent menace. Attempting to survive an implacable foe, in order to achieve a goal that meant the difference between humanity's survival and its annihilation. But here, the wooden, generic pod people run from a summer action blockbuster in order to survive long enough to set up another special effects shot.  Some lip service is given to the the issue of "identity "choice "free will and "prejudice but it's underused and unconvincing. It comes off as an attempt to 'remind' the audience that "Terminator is about ideas, rather than actually presenting them.  The most I can say about this movie is that, as you watch it, you will quickly feel (as i did) as though you might as well be watching anything.
 This movie is so massively wrong-headed, and so overtly throws sod on the original Terminator film, that I can only assume it's deliberate.  I can only conclude that director McG and the small army of writers who held this film in development hell for several years purposely want to sour you and me on James Cameron's 1984 classic.  What other explanation can there be for such transparent awfulness?  Deep in the violence of post-nuclear 2018, John Connor (Christian Bale) struggles as a low-ranking officer in the Resistance.  Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), executed by the state fifteen years earlier, awakes not one day older, already in the thick of fighting.  But in a matter of hours, Wright finds the one thing both the Machines and Connor need
 I was a big fan of the franchise but this really is not part of it. Unlike all the other films, it lacks a story, or even characters you care about. Hard to imagine since it is based on franchise with characters you DO care about. But the truly talentless MTV director McG (and whoever wrote this confusing dark mess of a script) shows his only skill is stringing together a bunch of explosions and fight scenes.  One of the first problems is the John Conner character and the terminator prototype character look so much alike, it's hard to tell who is who through much of the movie, especially since it is mostly shot in dark, grimy locales. Second big problem -- a complete lack of humor or heart. Totally cardboard characters that its hard to care anything about. Third problem -- the ending sequence is ludicrous. So many holes there it's hard to know where to begin.  So here's the deal. You like lots of explosions and fights -- go for it. Lots of that here. You want a movie that makes sense or has any sort of connection to the original Terminator movies, forget it.
 Can someone tell me what this movie was about? The plot (if there WAS one) was totally feeble and disjointed compared to the iconic Term 2 which I could watch again and again (and have done) in spite of Edward Furlong's obnoxious portrayal of the young John Connor. There's really nothing I can say about this latest Terminator effort except that it should have been TERMINATED. One HUGE disappointment. Sorry - I WON'T "be back if this is the best they can do!!
 The movie is not what I have come to expect from a terminator movie.  I think that all the Terminator movies had a story line that was pretty plausible for an everyday event that could happen.  That coupled along with some points along the way that can only be overcome with some major action.  I guess without Arnold Schwarzenegger I should have already known there would not be much good action.  The entire movie is all about the big `Time Paradox' that brings the `John Conner' guy into existence.  How he sent his father back to his mom.  And if he doesn't do this then he will not `be'.  Arnold does make a walk on appearance toward the end but it is really nothing.  I guess I watched it so I can join in the conversation whenever this title is up for discussion.  Just don't expect any action.  It's not a `fun' kill em' all kind of film; but rather a complex theoretical kind of head trip.
 First off, I can't say Sam Worthington represented a big shock when it turned out he was a Terminator. I mean, they made him up to look like the offspring of a marriage between the original two terminators! They might as well have hung a sign on him!  This film is the silliest and most muddled thing I have ever seen. I call this kind of garbage a "gelquel", because it isn't prequel and it isn't sequel except in actual time. To be brief
 Who is this McG dude again? Oh right, he's some douche bag with a ridiculous moniker (McG??????) and has only directed a handful of movies and a couple rap videos. Yep, that's right, we have a guy with almost no experience in film directing a film in a franchise that's very easy to screw up
 This episode in the Terminator franchise amounts to nothing more than a music video/video game. It's awful.  It is so far from the 1984 original version in both spirit and style that it may well be a film totally separate from the Terminator. McG, besides having a ridiculous moniker, is a terrible director. He makes Michael Bay look like an artist. The director does not have respect for the moviegoer with adolescent kids shooting Remmington 870s one-handed, rock music inserted into various scenes, exotic chesty babes with hair cascading from their helmets, 20 story robots sneaking up behind victims, to a megalomaniac actor rehashing his Batman demeanor.  Suck defined. A Terminator fan will watch, and will know how awful this film is. Everyone else
 Blu-ray gets a 2 disc director's cut while dvd gets only a pos single disc with only the theatrical cut.  Getting tired of having some studios try to shove blu ray down my throat by withholding all good special features and added footage.  DVD is still the top selling format.  Wish they'd just give us the quality of discs we used to get.
 What's going on?  Why should I care about these characters?  Then I found myself asking why I even care how it ends.  Seriously, try to see this movie without any additional incremental out-of-pocket expenses before you plunk down real money and take up valuable DVD shelf space.
 This movie totally sucks.  I felt like I was watching Transformers or some other stupid movie.  No Arnold; No linda.  Did the people making this movie ever see the 1984 original Terminator movie; I think not.  C'mon terminator motorcycles and water creatures?? What's up with that?  The only interesting part of the movie was a truely unique 1 of a kind terminator; interesting concept but the whole idea could have been better developed. Total waste of time and money.  Skip this at all costs if you are a Terminator fan.  If you like cheap sci-fi flicks and/or Transformers then this is right up your alley.  I only give it 1 star because I can't give it a Zero
 They should have stopped at T2, but the cash cow can always be milked to death. I loved the first 2, but they went downhill from there. From T1 Kyle Reese said the first terminators had rubber skin, and were easy to spot. In this one they have never even seen a terminator with skin on it, rubber or real.There were many plot holes and really bad cheesiness like Oh his heart cant take it. "Then please take mine. So if you like your action dark and hard to see with some big explosions added in. Mix in no plot or characters that you give a rats ass about. Then this is the movie for you.
 The movie gets one star only because I can't give it less. Transformers was Shakespeare in terms of writing compared to this crap. Was this written and edited by a 12 year old?  Or is this the mean mentality they think viewers have?  The previous Ts were enjoyable movies because they didn't expect a lot of you and you didn't expect a lot from them and they did not insult your intelligence -- they kept it simple.  If you haven't figured it out in the first 10 minutes, the moment you see Michael Ironside you should have a clear idea of what you are in for. This movie sucks, simple as that.  The writing is beyond poor, I am shocked this has been positively reviewed at all. Did people see a different movie than I did?  In this movie
 As much hype as this film got, especially the nonsense with Christian Bale berating a lighting guy for causing him to fluff his dialogue during a scene, it didn't even come close to being half way  decent.   The high hopes Halcyon had for this film fell way short and actually caused their demise, disappointing fans that have eagerly awaited the future war for over twenty years.   The only way this franchise will ever survive is to get back to the original plot basics, bring Cameron back on board, much like Ridley Scot has just done with Alien and give the die hard fans what they want.
 If you want to watch a great movie where things blow up, watch "Transformers as at least it's more colorful and exciting. If you want to watch a great Christian Bale movie, watch "The Dark Knight or "Batman Begins. If you want to watch a great robot movie, watch "Wall*E. If you want to watch a great Terminator movie, watch one of the first two.  This lousy excuse for an action film fails in every way, creating a "story that is solely meant to cash in on the word "Terminator.  Watching it feels like being stuck watching someone you don't like playing a video game that you don't like.  I wouldn't take this movie if they offered it for free.  If you're a die-hard fan of the original series, you will be extremely let down, but fortunate to not have paid money to see this in theaters (like I did.)  You can disagree with me if you'd like, but if you do, you obviously would not have seen many other action movies and certainly never have seen the original two films.  Even the short-lived FOX television show was better.  You've been warned.
 The digital copy included in the set expired in April 2010.  I just purchased it for the holidays.  I would not have purchased this set if I had known.  Now that it's open it can't be returned.
 Let me start off by saying that I rarely write negative reviews on Amazon.  Although I don't write that many reviews here, I prefer to spend my time writing reviews about items, movies and music that I really like that I think will be helpful to others.  That being said, this movie is so awful, I felt compelled to write about it here.  I'm a HUGE fan of the first two Terminator movies.  They both certainly rank in my top movies of all time, so I was really excited to see this latest installment.  Oh man, I really couldn't believe what I was seeing.  Extremely thin storyline, no new twist, horrendous amateur acting, woeful script and a complete lack of directing skill.  Basically, they took the storyline which we all know and tried to create special effects around it and use a lot of the lines from the previous films as comedic gestures.  Incredible mistake.  Using phrases like "I'll be back and "Come with me if you want to live", completely out of context, was excruciating and embarrasing to watch. No imagination whatsoever on the directing or writing.  Although they had some really good actors in the film, the lack of a proficient director and a decent script gave them very little to work with and their performances ended up being very soap-opera'ish.  How Christian Bale got caught up in this mess is beyond me.  Although, I'm sure he got a decent paycheck for it.  I hope the next installment is put in the hands of a proper director who can infuse vision, uniqueness, direction and storyline into the project. In my opinion, give this one a miss.  It will only disappoint.
 Not impressed...  clearly the only motivation behind this movie was to make a buck off the popularity of the first three Terminator movies...  by 15 minutes in I was waiting for it to be over.  About the most memorable thing for me about this movie was all the growling and yelling by Christian Bale (John Connor).  Seems all he did was scream the whole time.  The twist w/ Marcus Wright and his thread through the film was semi-interesting, but not enough so to save the picture overall.  There were some intense action scenes to thrill the 11 and 12 year old boys that were watching, but beyond that I found this to be a huge letdown.
 This is one of those movies where you watch half of it hoping it will get better, but it never does. As the time progresses, your hope of the filmmakers salvaging the project or building up to something really great fades away, and you're left with an ending that was obviously changed at the last minute and doesn't fit with the rest of the movie (not that the original ending could have been much better). I don't know how you can pour so much money and talent into a film like this and have this be the product. It's a stunning failure when you think about it. The special effects are great and there is a lot of action, and you can tell they even TRIED to put some depth into the story, but even these solid ingredients somehow turn bitter when thrown together the way they are in this movie. Perhaps the movie's worst offense is the dialogue. The very first scene sets the bar for the film so low that you wouldn't think it could possibly get any worse, but apparently the director loves a challenge and he found a way. By the end of the movie you won't care if all the characters die, in fact, you might even wish they did.
 I agree with everyone else here.  I call this an EPIC fail!  The sad part is, I own a PS3 and STILL won't buy this in protest!  I find it very offensive that only Blu Ray customers get the Director's Cut.
 This is the worst terminator movie. How anyone can like it is beyond me 1-3 were good this one was utter crap.
 This disappointing mega-music video version of Mad Max is one long romp through ruins. Confusing and disjointed, frequently frustratingly illogical, it comes out boring, even with all the well-done CGI mayhem. Said mayhem is non-stop, becoming a mindless blur of disjointed human and robot body parts flying nowhere.  After the first two in the series, this one is even more of a disappointment, fans should see  this as a continuation of T3; motivated by simply aiming to exploit the Terminator name. At least Amazon had the consideration of dropping the price to $9.99. Small consolation.
 Agree with other reviewers.  Warner pulled this same stunt with Trick r' Treat (only putting bonus features on the Blu disc).  I decided not to buy this dvd because of this.  There's no reason at all that the unrated version should not be available on DVD.  I understand that DVD cannot match the picture quality or sound that Blu provides, however, DVDs have always been able to support audio commentaries and bonus featurettes and to not put them on the DVD and still charge the same prices is ridiculous.  With all the firmware problems on Blu and the fact that my TV does not support HDMI (and I'm not replacing the TV until it breaks).  The more that studio pull this garbage the less likely I will ever convert to Blu.  In fact, I now hope the Blu format fails in favor of digital downloads for HD (with DVD still being available of course).  Very, very stupid Warner.
 I kept waiting for the movie to get going with suspense but it never did.  What a waste of time and money.
 Please, James Cameron, buy back the rights to Terminator (I hear Halcyon could use the money) and save us all from a continuing slew of mediocre "sequels and a poorly executed, woefully under-budgeted, and ultimately canceled TV show (T3, this film, and TSCC).  The only good that's come out of the never ending milking of the franchise is the intriguing protector Terminator character of Cameron Phillips (portrayed by Summer Glau) from TV's The Sarah Connor Chronicles, who is smitten with one baffled and equally smitten John Connor (star-crossed lovers, anyone?).  That's it... end of story.  Don't get me started on Christian Bale's one-note embodiment of an older John Connor, or the cringe-worthy effort by Nick Stahl in T3, or the equally flat performance of Kristanna Loken as the TX, or the bland Marcus Wright hybrid played by Sam "I look bored with my job Worthington in Salvation.  If James Cameron or someone of equal vision and skill could make an entertaining, intelligent, and timely sci-fi/action/adventure epic around a 20-something Cameron (again played by Summer) and a 20-something John Connor and make it an official T3 (ignoring Rise of the Machines and Salvation completely) I'd give this theoretical sequel a chance.  Heck, I'd even love Arnold Schwarzenegger and Robert Patrick and even Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn to come back for more fun (you have time travel and alternate time lines, JD being pushed back even farther into the future, and a non-Cyberdyne Skynet-like entity evolving differently this time around, at your disposal, so anything is possible... even if the original cast is showing its age-- like us all).  Get the band back together!  Until then... stick with watching the classics The Terminator and T2
 If all you care about in a movie is one action sequence after another, hardly any dialog, zero character development, and no story.... this is defiantly the movie for you. This movie makes T3 look like a classic and the TV show Emmy worthy.
 This is not acceptable. Why am I not in this movie. You cannot self terminate, but you will all be terminated.
 the trailer for T
 Okay so after ordering this item I googled this company (InetVideo) that was sending it to me and I found that these guys are from Canada. I felt jipped because I thought I was ordering from New York or from the East Coast. It's been a while since I received this item so I am writing this review a bit late. All I can remember was that they took foreverrrrrrrrrrrrrrr to ship the item, and then when I opened the package that looked like it was supposed to be for shipping animal products 'cause it said something about animal product packaging. This envelope had no bubble wrap or anything to protect my movie. The movie itself is great and I loved it but the case for the DVD is not like the Terminator 3 DVD that I purchased within the same week off Amazon. This thing is flimsy and I was extremely aggravated. Like you get what you pay for but there are items that you pay like $0.01 for and shipping is $2.98 and the product is great! Honestly stay away. Go get the DVD from another company because InetVideo SUCKS! I don't like writing bad reviews but these guys deserved it. I spent $7.81 and got the movie late, risked the possibility of damage to the DVD due to the carelessness of the company to package it with consideration and I have to go buy a new DVD case because it's weak and I don't want anything to happen to the DVD. Seriously, go spend your $7.00 on a burger from In and Out or something. Don't give them your money.
 Totally unorginal film!  Don't bother with this tripe, I would write more but is impossible to make this movie any worse than it is!!!!!
 If you want to watch a cartoon, buy "Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs or some other Disney animated feature.  Or if you want to wander through a game landscape and shoot at robot spiders and flying machines, buy the "Terminator
 I can't review this transaction because I never got the movie.  I thought that maybe things were backlogged around Christmas, but it's February...and still no movie.
 - The special effects are not as exciting as Terminator 2.  - There's no suspense in this movie. Terminator 2 is suspenseful from the beginning till the end.  - There are a lot of actions but they're not engaging as those of Terminator 2 either.  - It was supposed to be touching at the end when someone scarified to give his heart to another person but I was not moved. I don't know it's because of bad directing or acting. It might be both.
 the plot is one of THE worst ever. this is more of a side story, not a direct sequel. not how I thought the series was going to continue at all.  also instead of making things flow smoothly continuity-wise ,they just take bits and pieces from the original and its sequel and threw them in here. you'll catch them if you're a fan.. cringe worthy stuff.  I thought I was FINALLY going to see John running in the dark fighting TONS of Terminators, like those flashbacks have shown us,but NO. There were maybe like 10 Terminator bots in the whole movie. and not even at the same time.  Don't even get me started on that new Terminator kid. How did he survive a NUKE blast? he came out of that whole in mint condition. that whole heart exchange thing..... RIDICULOUS !!! haha. why was that female pilot so dumb? she swore to fight Terminators but she fell in love with this one in 5 minutes. how can they give Bale such little screen time??? they never heard of Dark Knight?  and the computer graphics?? SO SOOOO BAD.  I'm so glad the movie rights are going to be sold off. hopefully another studio will wait for the right director and script. its a known fact the producers of this movie just wanted to make a quick cash with a cheesy movie. and it shows. this movie has no soul.  if you have time, Wiki what their plans were for their sequels. TRULY AWFUL STUFF !!!!
 Boy, I was looking forward to this movie. More Terminator stuff, getting down and dirty with SkyNet, more background on Judgement Day, and Christian Bale to top it all off. Well, I just now finished watching it and am writing this while it's still fresh. Lousy acting. Sub-par special effects if you can believe that of a Terminator movie. Shallow story line. Really poor ending that essentially tries to necessitate another movie. Nothing is resolved. You get no sense of satisfaction. It's a hollow feeling right now. Not worth the rental price, all in all. Hard to believe, really. So typical lately of sci-fi movies, no matter what the budget or who the stars are. Maybe District 9 will be good. I hope so.
 You put a director who doesn't know how to handle the mythology correctly and allows the primary actor to direct from behind his back. His even mentioned that there was over FORTY minutes cut from the movie!  I find it hilarious that the "Director's Cut only adds in a pathetic THREE minutes into the movie, what happened to the other Thirty-Seven minutes? You know why its a "R rated release now? Inside those three minutes, you will see a actors.. wait for it... Breast!  Instant Rate R!.....  I didn't like it when I watched it in the theaters. Something there that seemed to nag at me when I walked out at the ending, and I certainly don't like it even more when I found out what was happening behind the scenes to bloat this movie into the 200 Million dollar turkey it turned into! James Cameron spent close to 120 million ('80s/'90s bucks!) to make T2 -which was an Rated R movie no less!- and made a summer blockbuster. Mgee-whiz dumped something equivalent and laid a rotten egg because he couldn't control an actor.  Typical hollyweird in action.
 Get the Terminator Salvation (Two-Disc Director's Cut + Digital Copy) rated R from Amazon.ca  (Amazon Canada)  Product Details Actors
 Compradores do Brasil, cuidado, este blu-ray n possui legendas em portugu. Beware custumers from brazil, there's no portuguese subtitles on this blu-ray.
 I was told that I would get the 3-disc set and I got the 2-disc set.  I already opened and had to fight to get a correction.  The customer service was very painful and they are now sending me a new copy allegedly with all 3 discs. I do not have faith that I will get the right copy.  Their is a blog on one of the blu-ray sites that the have been sending both copies probally b/c they ran out and just want to full orders and hope people don't complain.  Don't they know that blu owners take pride in what they purchase.  I like the digital copies for traveling with my IPOD.  This was a key reason with the low cost compared to the box stores....  This is what was advertised
 Hello people, I suggest not buying this movie until the DVD is similar to the Blu-ray!
 Simply horrible.  The acting, dialogue, directing.  Even the CGI wasn't that good.  Steaming Pile of....
 This is by far the worst Terminator Movie ever.None of the action of previous movies.No major fight scenes like in the first movie between the robots and humans Lots of talking and no action.If you liked the action in the 3rd one (a lot of people obviously did not by what I have been reading for other reviews) then stay away from this one. I never fall asleep in movies but I begged for a pillow.lOTS OF PEOPLE SAY THEY LIKED THIS ONE BUT ACTION JUNKIES BEWARE I got your back!!!!!
 T4 isn't as good as the 1st.  I had a movie ticket to use, & Paramount wasn't showing Star Trek that night. It was OK.  I rate it Z4, as in ZZZZ.
 I ordered this movie about 10 days before Christmas as a Christmas present and it never arrived.  I'm still waiting for some kind of word, even from Amazon.  Still nothing even after contacting twice via email. I'm surprised Amazon even lets this kind company on their web site. Isn't collecting money under false pretenses illegal?  Thanks Amazon.
 All these glowing reviews for this one are obviously planted. This movie was absolutely TERRIBLE - BEYOND being a huge let down. A Terminator Film with this star power cast should be great, no? It is not. McG (director of Charlie's Angels, creator of The O.C. and Pussycat Dolls, to name a few) can not seem to be able to get a decent performance from his actors in this one (big surprise). The film is a watered-down mess - also a PG-13 - with NO on-screen deaths, and 1 death (off-screen) in the entire film. It's poorly edited, and VERY poorly written as well (writers of Catwoman did this one) - this movie was marketed towards kids, but it backfired and the kiddies didn't care. This film was so poorly received it even sent the company that made it, in it's first film, into Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. Rent it before you buy it, because you're going to be disappointed and likely agree with me, just like most of the world. By the way - this "directors cut is only THREE MINUTES LONGER than the theatrical version (NOT 40+ minutes, which was promised by the liar McG) - don't waste your money on this terrible, terrible film - if you must watch it, rent it first. This movie is so awful, I'd say even "Battlefield Earth is better.
 This film was atrociously bad.  I wouldn't watch it again if it was running free on network TV, much less buy a copy of it.  It was pathetic in all aspects...
 Bought this movie as a Christmas present at a great price.  Saving on each present means more presents for the folks on my list.  Thank you Amazon for helping me out.
 Terminator movies should have stopped after the amazing T2 movie directed by James Cameron. Terminator Salvation is by far the worst Terminator movie out of all 4. It really makes T3 look like a masterpeice, eventhough I did not likt Terminator 3 that much. Christian Bale does not fit as John Connor at all. I can't believe from what I heared that he will be in 2 more Terminator Films. LET THE TERMINATOR MOVIES GO TO REST. IT IS LOSING ITS PLACE IN THE GREAT SCI FI MOVIE LIST.
 Terminator 4 is a disgrace to the Terminator series. The movie does not focus on the war that fans were expected to see. They do explain how John Connor becomes a Leader and he does not show any qualifications as a leader. The whole story focuses on a stupid guy who is considered to be a decommissioned Terminator. Near the end they have this guy talking with a jumbo computer wich is so lame and reminds me of the computer system from "I-Robot". The Kyle Reese Character is also too young and is extremly wimpy!!! Come on, John Connor is going to send this little guy to go back in the past and do it with his mom? They don't even expain how they send him back through a portal or whatever. Man this movie is totally awful!
 This was the first Blue Ray disc that I bought and I have to say the Terminator Salvation movie was so poorly mastered that I could not tell the difference between this "HD blue ray film and an old regular DVD quality film on my HD tv. Even broadcast looks better on my TV...Story was mediocre, and special effects were OK ...would have been better if this was a REAL HD movie instead of this crap full of unprocessed picture noise.
 I WAS EXPECTING A DETAIL STEP BY STEP EXPLANATION BUT INSTEAD I GOT THE DIRECTOR OF THIS VIDEO TALKING AND TALKING IN THE SCREEN FOR THE ENTIRE DURATION OF THE VIDEO
 I read the review where someone said this movie is full frame, so I referenced this movie on dvdplanet.com. Sure enough, it says it's full frame!!  Unforgiveable !! I think this is 1 of the best movies ever. Who is the bird brained gremmie responsible for sabotaging this dvd ?  Grrrrrrr.  I was going to buy this dvd, but now I will just record from my ES II laserdisc onto a dvd.
 it only had a hint or a flavor of the book. I actually read the book which is really good if you like freaking yourself out. The movie was nothing like it. The movie was just one of those weird 80s things
 It truly mystifies me how there could possibly be any good review of this film. I read the book, became engrossed in it for days, and enjoyed it immensely. It kept me thinking for a full year afterwards. If you've had a similar experience with the book, be prepared for absolute and total disappointment with the film. It will entirely pollute that part of your mind that the book developes so delicately and will leave you feeling deeply frustrated and disappointed. Worse still though, if you see the film before reading the book, you will be driven from the subject entirely, too repulsed to give the book a chance, not to mention the topic in general. The 'visitors' themselves represent a new low in film effects, and appear to be, at best, discount inflatable puppets motivated by discarded animatronics. In total, I feel an urgent sense that this film does a terrible disservice to Whitley Streiber, shifting the story of his experience from a place of thoughtful contemplation into the realm of the comically yet absolutely disregardable. Trust me, stay away, unless you enjoy pressing the fastforward button on your remote with desperate intensity.
 This was a complete waste.  Walken is good, but God what a waste!  I never finished Strieber's first book which had intrigued me.  But in succeeding books, he does nothing to prove anything.  He gives a tale of experience that borders on religion.  This horrible, suspenseless, and cheap film gives nothing to redeem Strieber nor his story as an unfunny joke.  Maybe I shouldn't be so harsh on it.  After all I'm not a UFO reasercher or whatnot.  But I'm still human.  I still have opinions.  And my opinion of this is, yuck!
 I don't own any of these, although they are all great flicks.  Unfortunately, this collection isn't a great deal compared to buying them  individually. It doesn't offer any substance beyond the individual DVDs,  only the convenience of buying them all at once.  My suggestion would be  to mix and match your own Arnie favorites rather than buying this  collection. This collection leaves out the Terminator series, the Conans,  Raw Deal, et al.
 Great character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker headline this low budget shocker about a strange creature lurking beneath icy waters. While it's good to see these seasoned vets, I couldn't help but wish they had a better film to support their talents. While Rooker makes the most of his role as a father and husband pushed to defend his family, Baker seems oddly strained and robotic. But performances aside, there is little in "Hypothermia to excite movie-goers. You've seen so many variations of this story (back to the Creature From The Black Lagoon), "Hypothermia really needed to bring something new or interesting to the discussion. And it really doesn't. The plot, such as it is, seemed stretched even with a scant 73 minute running time. The screenplay forces characters to consistently make the most idiotic choices to protract the story to its bloody conclusion. For example, after battling the underwater monster through several deaths, one character decides to lay down right next to a fishing hole for a rest. Genius, huh? I know that's what I'd do! You'd have to be as lame-brained as the characters not to foresee the result of this poor decision.  "Hypothermia is, in the most classic sense, a throw-back to the cheapie monster movies of the fifties. Wait until you get a look at the murderous creature in question. It's a guy in a poorly fitting SCUBA suit and a bad mask. Far more silly than horrifying, this is a movie that would definitely have benefited by leaving the menacing creature largely unseen. But that's not the choice the makers went with, the creature is front and center and elicits a few more laughs than screams. Rooker and his family have a house on the shores of an icy lake. He, his wife, his son, and his son's girlfriend wander out for a day of ice fishing. A couple of clowns show up to share the ice with them. The father is so over-the-top, he seems to be impersonating Danny McBride at his most outrageous. When encountered with the dangerous beast, they eschew all logical choices to serve themselves up as fish food. It's all so awkward and clunky and familiar, there's not much fun to be had.  Maybe that's my primary problem with "Hypothermia. It takes itself so darn seriously. A little camp or humor would have lightened things up immeasurably. I love bad movie monster mayhem more than most. But "Hypothermia wants to play as a straight-up shocker. But without genuine thrills or originality, it falls short of its goals. I loved the ridiculous creature! In a humorous spoof, it would have been an outrageously successful creation. But is it scary? Don't make me answer that. Enacting every cliche that you've come to expect, "Hypothermia simply doesn't serve up satisfying drama or tension. The 73 minutes felt easily twice as long, especially when their cozy house is just a few paces away from the deadly mayhem. A silly and unoriginal misfire. KGHarris, 9/12.
 This is a heavily abridged version of Peter Brook's wonderful film.  About 1/2 the film has been cut from this version.  I owned the VCR version of this movie which is 325 minutes long.  I had assumed this was a long-awaited reprint of an out-of-print classic.  Instead, this is a HEAVILY abridged (170-minute) version of the show.  I bought this as a birthday present for my husband, after five minutes of watching painful cut after painful cut, we had to turn the film off.  I will be returning it ASAP.  I have NO IDEA why the studio did this.  Amazon.com should mark this as an ABRIDGED VERSION.  I can only hope that the studio comes to their senses and released a version of the DVD that is the full 325 minutes, because the VCR tapes I bought 14 years ago are wearing out...
 I have been eagerly awaiting Peter Brooks' The Mahabharata on DVD, and today it arrived.  How disappointed I was to find this version is a little over half as long as the one shown on the BBC and PBS.  I have not watched this version yet, but I cannot believe it will be anything but a slice-and-dice version of the epic tale that I came to love in its television miniseries form and later on laserdisc.  So a warning to everyone
 This is a disappointing, sliced and diced version of the long epic shown on public television many years ago.  The cuts change the storyline and make it difficult to follow, especially in reference to the amazing 5+ hour original.  Buyer beware!  This is not the original, full length version.
 I was disappointed when this version came out that people were being negative about it without even purchasing it. I didn't heed their warning and purchased it anyway.  We live in a great age. We can get complete seasons of television shows. We can get movies with hours of behind the scene footage that enhance the experience. With all of these great things, why would a company abridge a great work like this? The six hour version was already abridged from the nine hour play. The nine hour play was abridged from a 5000 page book.  I tried to watch this version but I felt like I was seeing a flashback episode of a TV series.  We all have been awaiting a re-release of the six hour version. This is an insult to a great work.
 Dammit - I wish I had read the reviews more carefully - this is so badly abridged that if you don't know the story already it is very difficult to follow. I have wasted my money on this, and will now have to buy the full version.
 I didn't realize how good 'Song of Norway' was until I watched this film, which is almost as bad as Gilliam's 'Jabberwocky'.  Peter Brook, like Terry Gilliam, is one of the great charlatans of our time.  Each man is a self-important destroyer of good literature.  Whatever Gilliam touches he turns into boring uncleanness.  Whatever Brook touches he turns into a model of his own ininteresting self.  There is neither health nor beauty in Brook's 'Mahabharata'.  If you want to watch a proper 'Mahabarata', get the Chopra version.  Brook's 'international' version is squalid, boring, and all wrong.  It will be enjoyed only by the illiterate and the perverse.  Let me say something in passing.  The RSC has been for at least three decades an example of all that is bad in the modern arts world.  When will British critics stop treating it as a divine manifestation?  We British have suffered horribly at the hands of our home-grown 'talents' since the 1960s.  Some day we'll get a healthy-minded director who will make faithful films of the John Buchan novels.  Many of us are fed up with directors whose minds are unclean and utterly dull.  The duty of a film-maker is to enchant, to entertain
 In reading the positive reviews of the movie, I was wondering if one needed to take some kind of exotic drugs to write them, and then I wondered wouldn't it be easier just to take the drugs and forget the movie?  Honestly, this one of the worst films I have ever seen since "Plan 9 From Outer Space and the "Freddy Got Fingered. The production values were poor to say the least. It was hard to identify the the characters and their motivations because no one stands out. Most of the characters were pretty uninteresting or strange, i.e., the woman who gave birth to a bowling ball for example. [Seriously, it is in there. I'm not making it up.] I could not figure out the lineages of the families because they were a pretty mixed group. There was even a Kung Fu master in the film and that part was a bit like Kung Fu meets the Sons of Hercules. Which begs the question, if you are going to have a Kung Fu master why not attack helicopters and rocket grenades, too? Could any film be worse?  No, actually -- this is pretty bad.  It is like watching a bad Star Trek movie if you aren't a fan of Star Trek or familiar with the myth or back-story. One point the woman's future husband is blind so she chooses to wear a blindfold for the rest of her life. What that accomplishes I don't know but there it is.  If you like really bad gladiator movies, this could be your film. Yikes!
 I read on internet about this western version of Mahabharata and was curious to watch how Peter Brook captured it with his western mindset. After watching the movie on DVD which I bought, I was shocked and repented for buying it in first place. It was completely un-artistic and several incidents depicted in the movie are incorrect and the characters barring Draupadi  are hardly any reflection of the characters that Indians understand. Perhaps it is more apt to say that an average indian without knowledge of this movie wouldn't have guessed that he/she was watching Mahabharata. I am sure it's offensive to Hindu's faith, I think Mr.Brook should have limited his ambitions to produce simple stories rather than attempting to screen the greatest epic on earth with his limited understanding and parochial vision and in the process, reducing it to lower than street side drama. Suffice to say that the dramas played by primary school kids were several cuts above this movie. If I had an option, I would have given negative rating !
 Warning to Moms of young children.  I let my 4 year watch this movie.  She adores it and I did not think I had anything to worry about with it until she started saying "I Hate My Life".  When I asked her where she learned to say that and she said from the Barbie movie.  Sure enough, that's what Barbie says in it.  I am shocked phrases like this were in a Barbie movie and I am very disappointed
 Very disappointed by the preview.  My daughter loves all of the Barbie videos and is now very interested in a video that highlights "sophmore year, and "did he kiss you?! comments.  Up until now Barbie videos have been based on fantasy play and imaginative play and this new viedo applies to real life situations that are too old for the crowd of girls it has always appealed to.  Lions Gate or Mattel has, in my opinion, missed the mark on this one.  Any parent who buys this Barbie Diaries video for their young daughter is just wishing their youth away.
 My biggest complaint with this Barbie movie is the line from Barbies guy friend expressing excitement at walking in on a "girl hug". Do we really need that kind of suggestive remark in a Barbie movie aimed at girls ages 5 to 12?
 This movie is inappropriate for young children (under 8)for whom the other Barbie Princess movies were the target audience. We received as a gift and I'm sure the giver thought this movie would be in line with the others. It is not due to very inappropriate messages
 My daughter, who just turned 9, bought this movie with her birthday money. I watched it with her and was really taken back. She has loved all the Barbie movies, including some of the more "grown up ones like the Fashion Fairy Secret. This was OVER the top. The girls were in high school and really didn't set good examples. The lesson learned at the end of the movie was totally overshadowed by the comments and situations throughout the movie. It was completely lost. I just had a conversation with my daughter about how she's starting to think boys are cute, etc. I do not want this to be the model for how she handles liking boys and eventually dating. There is so much drama in it - definitely a mean girls streak - and comments that a 9 yr old don't necessarily need to be repeating. My daughter didn't see any negative influences in the movie, so I'm buying it from her for purchase price and then getting rid of it. If she can't identify the poor examples and how NOT to act, I certainly don't want this to be any influence on her of what's "normal".
 story line
 I bought this because of the good reviews, only to throw it in the trash after the first 5 minutes. I was expecting a great western but got nudity and female mutilation in the first 5 minutes. The trash is where it went and where it belongs. What a disappointment.
 This film had a great story line that was poorly executed. It included what appears to be a real horse being trampled to death, a rape scene and other basic violence. I am sure this would receive an "R rating from MPAA.  At the beginning of the film, the Chinese girls (who actually are the best part of the entire movie) are inspected for their virginity. This of course has some nudity and other quick uncomfortable shots. The only thing that would have made it more gratuitous would have been a copycat scene from Basic Instinct. Ok I can get past that but clearly I would not let younger family members see this. The one scene I could not believe actually made the final cut is the running of the horses. As masses of horses are running toward the camera on the right you can see a horse turn upside down and get obviously trampled, I am assuming to its death. I was incredulous that a scene like that would be left for viewers. Any director would have to know that would color someone's opinion from then on. Obviously SPCA didn't certify that no animals were hurt during the making of this movie. I am sure the scene where horses fall and are killed showed even less mercy for the animals. I just cringe thinking of how many were injured during the production of this saga.  Other scenes were disjointed. How Ritter knew that that the two men were carring diseases when they tried to cross the trail is beyond me. It would have made a great dropping on the editing floor. The rape scene is another great selection for droppings.  If you are considering buying this, do not expect it to be a family western and do not expect to feel good afterward. This film lacked class and was NOT tastefully done. I got the feeling that only men influenced the production of this and I regret spending the money on a film that made money off of the poor treatment of horses. Instead of being an artfully done feel good western, this saga left me with a sick feeling in the middle of my stomach. At the end of the story, I really didn't care that a scroll of what happend to the characters rolled by. If it was based on a true story, I don't think the real people portrayed would be proud of this version of the true events.  Just beware if you choose this "Western that you are not getting a classic or even one you will want to watch again.
 Sorry but this movie certainly showed a horrific side of the old west.  Sure there were some noble men and victimized young Chinese girls, but they were way outnumbered by the rotten men and women depicted in the movie.  I do not find very graphic violence, nudity, and rape on the top of my must watch list.  I skipped to the ending on the second disk.
 First, let me say the actors and production crew on BROKEN TRAIL do an admirable job on this film. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE does an outstanding job in bringing this film to the screen. But Canada, was chosen, rather than the USA, for actors, production crew and location. These production companies generate alot of money to the local economy. But the locales of the story are supposed to be Oregon and Wyoming. Why was a foreign country chosen instead? Is this because locations and talent were not available or suitable in Oregon or Wyoming? No. Were it that simple. It's because of greed. Because of taxes and other incentives, many American directors and producers work in Canada because it's cheaper. Duvall, who is "Executive Producer and director Walter Hill, felt they could do it cheaper and better outside the USA to make more profits and work with the people they've done so on so many other films shot in Canada. How much money do these guys need!!!!? I'm surprised at Duvall as he is so pro-american being a staunch Republican. Wake up everybody. We are losing so much of America including even the western through more "outsourcing and what Duvall proudly calls  our greatest American heritage".
 Thought I would try an anime to see what I missing out on, wow was this horrible. I think I and everybody else should sample the best of a medium. I get that this isn't in that number, but again wow. The mentality of someone that could enjoy this boggles my mind. I'll try Ninja Scroll and if the story development is as offensive I'm checking out. This makes X-Men 3 seem reasonable.
 First of all, this is a great movie, but, the video quality of the DVD is the worst I've ever seen.  I don't just mean noise (though there is plenty of that too), I mean that in fast action scenes there are severe block artifacts, even some moderate action is afflicted with this.  It looks like they skimped by using a single layer DVD and then reduced the video bitrate to squeeze it into the limited space. When I pay for a movie on DVD, I expect clean video with no noise or artifacts, not somthing that looks like a bootleg internet movie, it's literally so bad that it looks like an AVI that was made from a DVD, not a DVD encoded from the original film. It's hard to believe, but the VHS version in a good player actually looks better than the DVD version.  In addition, there is no japanese language track, and the menues looks amaturish (particularly the  hand  pointer).   While it's a great movie, I simply can't reccomend buying it. It'll only encourage more shoddy transfers like this, rent it instead.
 Horrible presentation really can kill great movies. On one hand, the scenery is beautiful, the fight scenes are neato, and the plot actually makes sense for anime. But on the other hand, the character artists seem to be treading water; it's so obvious that this was animated by the same company who made Ninja Scroll that I literally felt like I was watching the same ensemble cast in different roles. The sound is so badly mixed that the dialogue is barely audible, and the sound effects practically blow out your speakers, not that anyone would want to be able to hear the miserable "voice acting that makes the first Vampire Hunter D sound like Shakespeare by comparison.  Five minutes into the movie I went back to the menu in search of the audio options to try to fix the huge variance; there are none. Then I went looking for the Japanese language track, hoping that it would at least be better balanced and better acted. That's not available either. An anime DVD with no original Japanese dialogue track??? Out of morbid curiosity, I looked through the "special features that ARE available; they include a "Making of... video that is nothing more than footage of the AMERICAN voice actors in studio with an ill-fitting "X-treme soundtrack, a "Fans' Top 10! section that just replays "the best 10 scenes from the movie as selected by some random fan-group (exactly as they appear in the movie, but with a giant number in the corner ranking them from #10 to #1), and the ubiquitous "Merchandise section.  This honestly has to be the worst production I've ever seen on a DVD. Do yourself a favor and pick up a bare-bones, subtitled, Japanese-language version on ["Amazon auctions inserted by robot] - I promise you you won't be missing a thing.
 As an a long time anime fan, I was horrified to find out that Urban Vision decided that they would not only skip making subtitles for *ANY* release of this movie (both VHS and DVD versions) but they would also be THROWING AWAY the existing audio and dialogue of the movie.  The translations used in the dubbed version are much worse than the subtitled translations because they try to match up the mouth movements. Even beyond the translation differences, the voice actors really take away from the movie.   This was a horrible thing to do to one of the best anime movies of the year.  The original Japanese movie is exceptional but such horrible voice acting makes it difficult to stomach many scenes, even for this die hard Vampire Hunter D fan.  I will be boycotting all Urban Vision products after this appalling act of ignorance...
 I have no review of the version because I couldn't get past the fact that there is no Japanese audio. With all the things that can be done with DVDs today, it doesn't make any since that this one comes with 1 audio choice. Even for region 1 there isn't even a French audio selection. This seems like a shoddy product. A friend of mine even returned his copy because there is no Japanese selection.
 It is disappointing to find that this DVD doesn't have Japanese dialogue setting.  English voice actors for Anime are [bad].  I always hear similar voice like Goku(Dragon Ball)from all the animes, or either they all scream in the scene.  Can't they afford much better voice actors?
 very good movie - 4 stars! but this us edition only contains the english dub!!! (and got very poor picture quality...)
 (...)  I don't care how much effort they put into drawing those vampire castles, because in the end it's a lot of static, 2 dimensional scrolled images.  There was hardly anything 3D and cinematic about it at all, definitely nothing close to Akira or Ghost in the Shell.  The first third of it was entertaining, but I expected a much darker, more advanced animation style, especially considering how they were supposed to be using state of the art computers for it.  It appears they used the computers simply for speeding up the animation and layering the sprites.  The biggest problem I had with the new D film was the lack of game rules on how the vampires can be killed.  By the end, the same entities keep coming back to life, seemingly at the whim of the film's creators.  Without rules, a film becomes a pointless exercise.  I just wanted someone to die for good and the credits to start rolling.
 If you love the real Doors, stay clear of this miasma.  The Doors, I always thought were the greatest rock band of all time, but this vapid flick, created by a brain-dead Hollywood dodo makes the late, great Jim Morrison and the rest of The Doors look foolish, idiotic and talenless goofballs.  This travesty of a flick basically left me fairly angry. I may just have to re-read (for the third time) No One Here Gets Out Alive, and will surely play some Doors music to get rid of the aftertaste left in this viewer's mouth by the rancid Oliver Stone attempt.
 The best performance in the film was Kyle McLachlan's Ray Manzarek, even though his part was small. Val Kilmer lacks charisma in his portrayal of the late charismatic singer Jim Morrison. How can a man who is perpetually stoned and wrapped up in his own little world be interesting or charismatic? I found Kilmer's Morrison unlikeable and unwatchable. The Stone/Kilmer Morrison has no redeeming qualities - casually and carelessly hurting everyone in his path with his selfish, hedonistic lifestyle. I actually fast-forwarded through quite a bit of this film because every scene was just "more of the same".
 The film is terrible and incorrect from the opening credits to the end or when you press the stop button, which ever comes soonest. There is error after error after error on this film. Oilver Stone ammitted to telling some small lies to expand on bigger truths however he never even started telling the truths. Whatever a director could get wrong he got wrong,Morrison's character, names, dates, events and sequencing. Many so called events never even took place, the burning wardrobe and the turkey dinner for example - pure fiction. You like The Doors or Jim Morrison or you want to learn more about them stay away from this product and look for something else. This product is nothing more than insulting to The Doors and Jim Morrison and the one star option was the lowest rating I could give, personally the one star is being generous.
 Even with star power there is little to like about this film, at least for anyone with any interest in it from the perspective of a historic narrative.  The first time I saw it I was impressed at how well Kilmer did at emulating and looking like Morrison. His singing was even okay, in a way. His performances would have been passable even, if it had been a local college putting it on as a weekend theater event, but to suggest that Kilmer did a passable job at singing Morrison's parts is to admit one has either never listened much to the Doors, has a tin ear, or is already impartial to Kilmer. The film would have been much better with Jim Morrison's own voice whenever possible, and much as I hate lip-synching, that's what Kilmer should have done. I'm sure that it would be very hard to find any professional singers who would be impressed by the singing in this movie.  Any doubters may want to try a little experiment - watch some of the movie tracks, then put on the Doors and listen to how much more effective, natural and musical a singer Morrison was. Better yet, find one of the many available videos of Morrison onstage and see how amateurish the impressionism of Kilmer's performance looks. Now just in case anyone thinks I have a bone to pick with Kilmer; I don't. I simply find the emulation of Morrison to be very poor for a movie with the kind of budget that a maker like Stone would have had available.  That said, I think Kilmer did a much better job on L.A. Woman than any of the other tracks, and wonder if it isn't at least partially because he was focused on the much more relaxed atmosphere of the track, rather than the weird side of Morrison he was instructed throughout to portray.  By all accounts Jim was a strange fellow in many ways, but also anything but one-dimensional, but with Oliver Stone being so one-dimensional himself, it's impossible for him to tell any story as a passive teller. He finds it impossible to stand on the sidelines and let us know what happened. It's much more empowering for him to interject his values and agenda onto every story told, which is so much more disappointing because he tells so many important stories - always with his opinion/agenda as more important than history itself.  They say that fact is stranger than fiction - I also find fact to be more interesting than fiction.  When I read so many positive reviews of the movie itself and Kilmer's performance, it immediately reminds me of the Emperor and all the crowds exclaiming about his stylish new outfit. Maybe I'm only a child, because to me, the Emperor has no clothes.  Anyone who thinks Morrison was nothing but a sick weirdo might want to listen to the Doors a little further, and some evidence of the romantic in him is very easily unveiled by listening to such tracks as Touch Me, Love Her Madly, I Can't See Your Face, Indian Summer and Blue Sunday. The incredibly up-beat and positive atmosphere of Land Ho! from Morrison Hotel is very often surprising to people not completely familiar with the Doors albums in general.  Now go check out some real Doors material!
 dated June 5, 2000, that no one has reviewed this movie from an unbiased standpoint -- Dude, I couldn't care less about Jim Morrison or his   doors   either way, so, rather unfortunately, I'm merely left with this movie that Oliver Stone dumped, like a pile of rubbish, on an unsuspecting world.  *The Doors*  features pretentious photography, time-lapse photography, jump-cut photography, murky photography, and downright MTV-inspired photography.  Stone even uses a Steadicam at various points, for Pete's sake.  The results are ugly, to be frank.  But forget all that; that's technical stuff, and may be overlooked as long as the subject matter is worth watching.  I'm afraid that Stone failed to make his case, here.  The question before the Court is
 this movie is hogwash. oliver stone blew it with this one.With subject matter as the doors a really good film could have been made. its filled wth inaccurate information ie jim didnt quit film school stone did! the surviving Doors in documentaries state that stone missed the boat, morrison had addictions he also was talented but by the look of this film you would never be able to tell. Val kilmer does look and sound alittle like jim morrison but he never seems to let us want to  care anything about him or his art.the movie is a mixed up mess "IS EVERYBODY IN Gee i hope not!
 be serious
 Oliver Stone's portrayal of the Doors and Jim Morrison is extreme and in many cases untrue and exaggerated.  He takes the events of the Doors and binds them into cliche rock band problems that never happened.  The UCLA  film by Jim Morrison was never that extreme, and there were a lot more  inaccuracies in the movie.  If you want a true account of the Doors, read  Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek.
 The movie is amazing..Val Kilmer deserved an Oscar for his roles..Maybe the best acting role in the 1990s.  Ok..The DVD 2 disk special edition..You'd expect the movie to be a proper transfer..Heck, the put released it with 2 DVDs..NOPE..  It is in widescreen letterbox 2.35
 Schoolhouse Rock! is supposed to be complete on DVD but Disney has pulled another fast one. They have left out one of the four "Scooter Computer & Mr. Chips videos. Shame on them! I urge everyone to contact Disney and demand a remastering!
 I was soooo excited to get this home and play it because I grew up listening to these cartoon segments every Saturday morning!  But it bored me.  They just weren't as good as I remembered them, I guess.  I ended up fast forwarding through most of it.  I paused for the classics "I'm only a Bill etc, but I didn't seem to recognize most of them anymore. If you're looking to relive a little childhood, rent it first-  then if you think you can live with it, buy it.  Perhaps you need to check to be sure you recognize more than 1/2 of the titles too.  (I 'thought' I did!) -I personally wish I had my money back.  (My kids even begged me to shut it off!) Just my opinion...hope it helps those of you looking to purchase it.)  1smileycat 
 DVD arrived in a timely manner; however once I inserted the DVD in it would not play.  The DVD made a lot of strange sounds but never showed a picture nor gave a clear sound.  Dissapointed
 I was really looking forward to sharing my favorite memories of Schoolhouse Rock with my two daughters, ages 6 and 4. However, the DVDs I received were marred by encoding problems from the manufacturer. I attempted to replace the disc 2x but was unable to find a copy that could play successfully in DVD  player.
 These disks will not play on a Mac.  At all.  Since my macs are my only DVD players, this makes the set no better than coasters.
 I couldn't get this program to work; I concluded that it is incompatible with Windows XP.
 I don't know who the people are on this interview, even though they are labeled as "entertainer". The Narrator sounds like he is reading a book report that half of it is filler. The few times we see Katy Perry speaking was taken from random TV interviews or was taken from vlogs. Somebody was looking to make a quick buck with a DVD with Katy Perry on the cover.
 This dvd went from the dvd packaging into my dvd player and then directly into the trash (cradle to the grave scenario)...this product should never have been released because it's of zero quality (btw, who the heck are the three twits being interviewed, they seem to have zero relevance to the artist whatsoever)...I took a chance on this knowing it's an unauthorized release, and I got burned big time! Buyer beware, this thing stinks!
 Very poor quality copy - so dark it is impossible to tell what color the horse is.  We live in Carbondale, where this was shot, so ordered it for our cowboy-loving grandson.  What a disappointment!
 Not enough close ups to see how fingering should be. Never shows you how to line up the footer with the rest of the flute. She is much too  nervous. Ernie O
 It's the same DVD as Death By Decibels .. Read those reviews.  The producers put out the same DVD, which BTW has little to do with the band, under several different titles with different covers in order to rip-off the fans of a band the producers have nothing to do with. The cover gives you no clue that the Deftones are not on this DVD.  I also got ripped off by buying the same Muse DVD twice by producers who had nothing to do with the band.  In future I will be reading the review of a music DVD before buying from a music store.  This sort of crap only serves to hurt the bands, the music stores and the music industry in general. As a fan, I feel like I've been ripped off and will get stuff from the Internet for free instead, so ensuring that I don't waste my hard-earned money.  Les.
 La novela no esta entera comienza adelantada y Los capitulos ban cortados no se le entiende no la compren no gasten su dinero
 This is such a great story and when I watched it I got to side 4 and it was SO damaged and scratched that it wouldn't play on any of my DVD players. It was frustrating because all of the other DVD's worked just fine.  Side 3 was also scratched and damaged so badly but for some reason it did play. I wish that I could get a new one without buying it but it's been a while since I purchased it.  I saw it again online and am thinking of buying it again. It's just a shame that I didn't open it right away and watch it so that I could have exchanged it.  I don't remember who the seller is anymore but I wish I did so that I can send them an email asking for a replacement. If you buy this Novela it's great as long as you get good working DVD's.
 I normally don't write reviews regarding movies. I think people should see a flick and decide it's value for themselves. However, I think the movie  Manhunter  is an outstanding movie. Five stars. Buy it! DON'T BUY the Director's Cut. The entire second disk is fuzzy / out of focus. It's really annoying and a waste of your money. The extra included material is not worth the extra money it will cost you!
 I got the new limited edition 2 disc set of Manhunter and I have to say I have never been more disapointed with a DVD in my life.  First of all the first disc that is supposed to be the theatrical cut of the film is not. Several important scenes and patches of dialouge have been removed, and unimportant scenes from the directors cut are added in out of context. And to make matters worse the cuts are made very crudely, sometimes cutting people off in midsentence.  Then there is the director's cut on disc 2. Saddly this version was never remastered from the source print so the picture quality of the whole film is that of a deleted scene i.e. worse than VHS. Not to mention that several scenes appear to be taken from brodcast tv as several lines of profanity are crudely dubbed over. Take my advice if you are a fan of this movie stay away from this poorly produced DVD, as refusing to buy it might be the only way get Anchor Bay to correct this horrible problem.
 This film is the Great Satan of Thomas Harris film adaptations. "Black Sunday was made into a very good film with Bruce Dern and Robert Shaw..."The Silence of the Lambs (of course)...and "Hannibal (while not exactly top-notch) was good, as well. What this atrocity of a film does, however, is take Harris' greatest novel to date ("Red Dragon") and mutilate it as Dr. Lecter might mutilate a psychiatric patient. The screenwriters for this film excised nearly every element which made the novel so intensely brilliant and (by some twisted logic) left in parts of the novel which became irrelevant in the film, due to the changes made.  Why does the character of Reba even EXIST in this film? Her role in the novel was of paramount importance in the closing chapters of "Red Dragon"...in "Manhunter, however, she is all but a throwaway character. My second problem with the film is this...since when is Hannibal Lecter SCOTTISH? That's right, Scottish thespian Brian Cox portrays Lecter with a distinct accent, despite the fact that Harris' works state that Lecter was born in Lithuania in 1938.  A further problem, and certainly the aspect of the film which garners most of my animosity toward it...how can any screenwriter justify reducing Harris' breathtaking finale in "Red Dragon to a trite "good guy vs. bad guy showdown? Some people who actually READ "The Silence of the Lambs may remember the following statement made by Jack Crawford about the condition of Will Graham following his final encounter with Dolarhyde..."Will's face looks like damn Picasso drew him. I think that should say enough. They left in the TIGER, but left out the ending.  All in all, this film is absolute trash, and the most blatant smearing of a great novel it has ever been my misfortune to witness. Luckily, Ted Tally (screenwriter of the film version of "The Silence of the Lambs") is currently working on his own screenplay for the novel. Hopefully, he won't repeat the same mistakes that the "Manhunter screenwriters made, and the new "Dragon film will live up to its source. Bottom line
 Manhunter was a pretty poor film, in my opinion, nowhere even CLOSE to Silence of the Lambs.  Regardless, the DVD is worse.  The cinematography is beautiful, and the scenes are well shot, but the director's cut on DVD is atrocious.  It looks like a 5th generation copy from a TV show, not the crystal-clear picture I'm used to on a DVD.  I'm a director's-cut fanatic, and this is the WORST director's cut I've ever seen (it makes my ?th generation director's cut of Alien look GORGEOUS).  To top it all off, the editing is choppy and uneven, with dialogue and music abruptly ending.  And of course, the horribly-cheesy ending is still just as horribly cheesy.  This is not a direct attack on the film itself, but the DVD production.  I wouldn't pay $5 for this.  Please, please, PLEASE, save your money!  Or get the VHS tape.  Just don't buy this.
 Sorry.The movie just didn't do it or me. I read the book first and it was quite good. In fact, a few friends and I joined together last year for what we called,  The Thomas Harris Reading Project, 2000 ...sort of in preparation for the release of  Hannibal  this year. In that pursuit, we researched and found VHS issues of the Manhunter movie and we all watched it after we read Red Dragon. We were all very disappointed. The Manhunter movie, did not even make a loose attempt to follow the movie and it was low budget, badly acted, and, as the man in the theater mentioned in one of the other reviews, looked more like a video. What an insult.  Definitely a B-movie. I'm sure it is being trotted out and hyped now since Hannibal is coming out soon, but pls, do not buy this movie expecting anything on the production level of Silence of the Lambs. I also read the book of that last year, as well as watched the Anthony Hopkins movie, and also found THAT book much better than the movie. Having read Hannibal, I don't expect that movie to measure up to the book, either. Let me recommend to true Hannibal Lector fans, the unabridged audiobook of Hannibal. It is beautifully acted, and was thoroughly entertaining.
 So much of the integral parts of the book Red Dragon were completely ignored in this movie rip off, that it is a bitter disappointment.  You don't even see or hear the name Francis Dollarhyde until he kidnaps the  reporter!  There is not nearly enough investment into Dollarhydes psyche,  let alone his motives. The characters that Thomas Harris so vividly brought  to life in his book are shallow replicas in this movie.  If you loved the  book Red Dragon, do yourself a favor and skip this movie.
 For big fans of Manhunter, I would advise you to steer clear ofthis DVD if you plan to own... What has been billed as the  Theatrical  version is in fact a poorly spliced rendition that awkwardly edits two scenes that had been in the theatrical release, including one of the most pivotal scenes, and yet has within it some of most banal footage restored from the cutting room floor. These cuts are both poorly done and have no sense to them, given how they do not represent the theatrical release and destroy the momentum of what had been a finely edited movie. I don't know if it was ignorance or arrogance, but this is the worst hack job I've ever seen trying to pass itself off as product. Whoever was in charge of this at Anchor Bay was an idiot and if I were Michael Mann, I'd be calling my lawyers.  The  Director's Cut  is even worse in that it includes the  Un-theatrical  release AND the so-called  Director's Cut  - a compilation of some interesting and not so interesting out-takes. As a companion to a true theatrical release, this would have been a fascinating addition; BUT here again, Anchor Bay finds a way to ruin what should be a good product. The entire movie that has not been put through video post-production, is smudged and blurry, as if transferred from a VHS tape - and a worn one at that. - Just incredible that anyone could have the audacity to offer this kind of cheapness for hard earned money. I saw this movie when it first came out in the theatre and considered it one of the best of that year; and I rushed to buy the LaserDisc version when it came out.  When the Director's Cut DVD was released by Anchor Bay this year, I'd been on the waiting list - ready to welcome the widescreen THX enhanced version. Being intimately aware of the movie, imagine my disappointment. Don't waste your time. Wait for a better version to come out. As for those folks to want to compare Silence of the Lambs to Manhunter, usually they favor one over the other and their minds are pretty much made up at this point. I'm squarely in the Manhunter camp. For myself, I enjoyed Silence, but I could never take it seriously since I found the portayal of Lector both cartoonishly superhuman and therefore unrealistic and unsuspensful. However, Manhunter's Lector  is a chilling but more realistic portrayal that awes me every time I see it in how one evil genius manages to manipulate events outside of his cell through the simple device of a telephone. This Lector is safely behind steralized bars - and yet still manages to be a forceful presence to tbe reckoned with. I hope every fan and future fan of Manhunter gets to see it the way it first came out, a fine piece of craft that was lean and edgey, and yet which flowed stylishly. Siskel and Ebert rated it one of the best movies ever, years after it came out. But for now, I'll be holding onto my LaserDisc.
 With all the great actors in this film who are absolutely the top, I expected the film to be excellent. To me, it is a film that does not know where it is going. It heads off in too many directions. I was thoroughly disappointed. Maybe I should have read the book first, but Mr. Roth is not a favorite author, he writes as if dialog for textbooks, and soon becomes boring and hard to concentrate on the story.
 WARNING! Don't believe the hype. This movie is boring as HELL! Absolutely nothing happened. Come on, I wasted my time trying to avoid falling asleep hoping that something interesting would happen, or that there will be a major turning point soon. I got NOTHING! Anthony Hopkins is really a black man...PUHLEEZE I THINK NOT! Get real, that was so unrealistic and unbelievable. Maybe, if it were somebody/anybody else besides Anthony Hopkins I could buy that, but not him. What was Nicole Kidman thinking? There is way too much star power in this movie for it to be as bad as it is. I don't know or see what a lot of other viewers saw, but apparently based on the overwhelming response of positive reviews a lot of people like it. I find that shocking, but I guess to each it's own. I've seen my fair share of movies, and I have a pretty open mind, but I didn't like this one at all. Frankly, I have seen some of the worst movies imaginable, but this one, I must say was one of the worst movies I've even witnessed.
 "The Human Stain was recommended to me by a friend from Atlanta Georgia. When I was scanning amazon's web for dvds, I was so happy to see that they had this dvd. When I inserted the dvd in my player, I received a message saying please eject, not for this area. I was so dissappointed,and trying to get credit is like trying to pass a congressional act. I will never order anything through amazon.com again and have advised all my family and friends of my experience.<a href="http
 So you put 4 talented, or I think it's safe to say extremely talented, actors together and what is supposed to happen?? Not this! I'm in shock at the complete dullness of that movie. Don't get me wrong, Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins, in whatever movie they are in, give a great performance, but this could have been one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Sure, it may have been well shot with nice scenes and good acting, but what ever happened to a little something called a plot? By the end of the movie I was praying for it to be over. I didn't care if any of the actors died because I had no sympathy for any of them except for the african american family. I'd like to know how some of these movies get made these days. The screenplay is one of the most important, if not the most important, aspect of movies and this movie bombed. Could it be any more miscasted? (is that a word) Also, there wasn't one twist. There wasn't one plot point that caught my interest. This movie could have been an amazing thriller but instead it was Hopkinds and Kidman having sex for two hours because... oh wait I don't know why they like each other. This movie could have been amazing, even with the same actors as it had. Kidman's past would be amazing if elaborated, and the whole sex deal between her and Hopkins would have to go. My favorite part of the movie, if you can call it that, is when the psycho crazy guy kills them both. I find this movie an insult to Hollywood and an embarresment to the actor's careers. I'd like to know what the director was thinking. Books are different than movies. Books can keep your interest in different ways than movies can, and I'm sure the novel it was based on was great, but this movie was a dissapointment, and I'm shocked at the five stars that appear on the site. If you want to see Kidman and Hopkins really give a permormance rent Instinct or The Others, not this excuse for a movie. Sorry if I was harsh, but I can't belevie what i just watched!
 What in god's name was Robert Benton thinking? Or Sir Anthony? Or Gary Sinise? Was Ed Harris after the Oscar he was denied last year? This film is a perfect example of a wonderful combination of artists put together & creating a monumental cinematic disaster.. Gary Sinise(narrating here)sounds like he was awakened from a deep sleep, had a microphone shoved in front of him & handed the script to read from. Anthony Hopkins looks like he can't wait for it to be over. I wonder if when he studied acting, he ever thought he'd have to do a scene where he half-heartedly discusses the joys of Viagra. I'm not sure what Nicole Kidman's character was supposed to be...watch her closely..sultry? sexy? femme fatale? I don't think she did either.. This DVD should be free with ANY purchase...Disastrous.....
 Ive seen bad films, but this one takes the cake,,, unfunny, amateurish, boring and stupid actors.  Looks like they wanted to make a bad movie like they used to make  in the 50's....and failed.  Shot in black and white with the gore and cheap sex scence in color.  Even if they were shot in 3d it would not save the film.  Please give me real moviemakers and send these low grade crappy actors/directors into the sunset....  This film makes the Toxic Avenger series look good.......
 This is one of my favorite, don't worry about the content, movies.  I was totally disappointed with the DVD version.  The picture quality was simply awful.  Contrary to what was advertised, the DVD was a cheaply reproduced copy.  I was so disgusted that I trashed the DVD and now look forward to watching Red Dawn on late night televison.  Purchase this movie only from a highly rated vendor.
 This one deserves a place of honor among Great Bad Films. The acting is absolutely wooden, the plot  implausible,  production values and action sequences cheap, all of it bathed in a heady mix of hoary right-wing paranoia and american apple-pie mythology.  If you're a tea-partier you'll probably love it. The rest of us, it might do for drunken late-night amusement.
 Communist troops land in middle america and begin machine-gunning children.  A Russian soldier disarms a corpse and the camera pans to a bumper sticker  They will take my gun away when they pry it from my cold dead hand .  Get the idea.  This is one of the stupidest movies I've ever seen.
 I can understand the reasoning for making this movie.  The timing of what was going on.  But, please!  Make a movie that makes more sense and logic!  As a former military officer, I'm just beating myself in the head over this absolute piece of trash!  Russian Paramilitary jumping out in the middle of a clear, beautiful day?  In the middle of Colorado?!  Pulleeze!!  It all goes downhill from there!!  The military detection systems wouldn't have been that bad!!  The acting is so bad it's not worth writing about!!  Let's face it, if they wanted to make money off this trash, they've succeeded because it wouldn't have won any awards!  Don't waste your time!!
 OK, so there are these Russians, and they attack the U.S. by parachuting into the interior of the country, whereupon they commence blasting everyone and everything in sight.  Kids in a small mountain town high school are shocked to see camo chutes decending lazily through the morning sky, and then the brutal execution of - oh, pretty much anyone standing around.  I suppose if you're a brain-dead redneck, you might find the story intriguing.  Otherwise, you're in for two hours of "Oh brother! This is one of those nonsensical flicks where the villians are depicted at first as being so incredibly competent they can invade America and come within a hairsbreadth of conquering us, but then, they can't find a bunch of sullen, surly and absolutely moronic children. Even when the kids stoll into town for a visit!  Here's the plot
 Red Dawn is, unfortunately, one of the worst films I have ever seen. It should be checked out only if a prospective viewer happened to be totally anti-American. Observing the totally unrealistic stupidity in which the  characters are portrayed would justify the sacrifice of two hours of one's  life. I couldn't help thinking during most of the picture that the `heroes'  are acting this way because Russkies have cut off their cable. `We gotta  fight for our right to party' is obviously a motto of this trash. Wooden  characters, egregious script, and all of this bathed in new-cold-war hatred  towards any culture that is not synonymous with conception of McDonald's  and gas stations where one can ALWAYS depend on Campbell's Chicken Noodle  soup. Don't take even a minute of this rubbish seriously. This film is  viewable only when the viewer is intoxicated AND has agreed from the very  beginning to perceive this thing as a fable. One has to see a bad movie in  order to be able to appreciate the good things in life. So go ahead, grab a  six-pack and enjoy yourself.
 ... unrelentingly poor. The premise is instantly shot to buggery as we are expected to imagine a large-scale Soviet invasion via the Bering Strait. Then we are given to understand that the fiendish Ivans have pincered Denver with the help of Cuba and Nicaragua. Credibility is as thin on the ground elsewhere in this wreck. All characters, both goodies and the baddies, are caricatures, the acting is comically poor, the political message about as subtle as a kick in the bollocks. I'm as pro-gun as any European can be and a rabid nationalist to boot; you don't have to be a bed-wetting crypto to acknowledge the extreme crappiness of this piece of Eighties high camp. When will the Yanks realise WWIII is not something to be romanticised. I'll stick to 'Threads'.
 This movie is tailor made for all the conspiracy believing militia people out there.  But beyond that it is a bad movie.  The acting is bad.  The script is a joke.  The Direction is "by the book boring.  Worst of all, the entire movie just goes nowhere.  I never felt anything for any of the characters.  So when they die is like "so what.  Close to the end I was rooting for the Russians.  If your locking to watch a good 80's action movie, go rent Predator or First Blood, don't waist your time on this one.  In nothing else a good example why there are not many right wing conservatives weighting believable scripts in Hollywood.  They Can't!
 No word on earth would describe the stupidity of this movie in a sufficient manner.
 Just like Farenheit 9/11 is a despicable, demagogic movie of the left, so too is Red Dawn on the right.  I will say one good thing about this movie, in contrast to the ultra-boring Farenheit 9/11
 I thought about giving this film an intellectual review, but that would have been a complete waste of time. Watching this film could be compared to listening to a C.W. McCall album with a bad case of nausea or perhaps something scatological. Simply pathetic. The only redeeming role was performed by William Smith, who was the ONLY actor who seemed to exhibit talent, putting Sheen and Swayze to shame as acting professionals. This film would only have value for students who are seriously studying Russian and at that would be applicable to Chapter 22 with Smith's "I Am A Hunter speech. This film is a good example of how you can't win a game when only one person on the team shows up.
 The chuckleheads on Amazon who think this film is "awesome are the reason western civilization is in decline. Of course their sins can be forgiven.. if perhaps they are only 18. When Red Dawn came out in 1984 I was 17, thinking of joining the military with my own subscription to Soldier of Fortune. I was gulable and naive and Red Dawn had a real impact on me. It seems bizzare now but for some reason I thought that the possibility of Cuba ganging up with Nicaragua to invade our southern border seemed plausable. Instead of the military I chose to go to college. That November I had just turned 18 and I cast my first vote for Ronald Reagan on the strength of the delusions of Red Dawn. I decided to major in history and political science and it didn't take long until I realized just how misguided and wrongheaded I had been. My advise to the champions of this film is to open a history book and lean about American Foreign Policy or short of that rent the Erroll Morris film "The Fog of War". Like I said it's fine to like this film if you don't know any better but alas it's time to put childish thing away.  PS. this review deals with the political messege of Red Dawn it would take many more paragraphs to lay out the aestetic faults of this dog.
 "Red Dawn sucks. It's that simple. Unrealistic, comical, horrid acting, horrid script, comical depictions, cliches and stereotypes all come immediately to mind. I won't try to to come up with other adjectives for fear of wasting time. That military minds find this plausible is a scary indictment on our military. That some find this a quality movie with great acting is an indictment on our movie industry, which' thrives on a "give them what they want mentality. Poor Lea Thompson. She has both this movie and "Howard the Duck on the 80s section of her resume forever. And don't even get me started on Patrick Swayze, the Ted McGinley of his era. Don't believe the rave reviews posted by dimwits or right wingers who don't know quality film. This movie sucks. It's really that simple. I did my best to warn you to save you some time and money.
 This film is such a joke, a completely dated piece of right wing, jingoistic propaganda.  The 80's was filled with "the Russians are coming!  The Russians are coming! propaganda.  The MSM, Washington, DC, and Hollywood all made it sound like that dreaded Soviet invasion was going to happen anyday.  Well, as far as I know, the Russians never invaded.  They never dropped the bomb.  We're not all speakin' Russian.  This film was written and directed by John Milius, a filmmaker with a pro militaristic viewpoint.  The film is unintentionally hilarious today, because of its totally unrealistic scenarios.  This film is no different than any propaganda film you would see during wartime.  Well, the Cold War is over, and we won thanks to Ronald Reagan, John Millius, Rambo, Arnold, Rocky IV, and Chuck Norris movies....
 Unless you are interested in the challenges posed by introducing a number of displaced youth who have grown up in an extremely deprived and disjointed society to the United States, this movie will not "do it for you.  If you take any child (or adult for that matter) out of ANY of the most deprived regions of this world (including some parts of the USA) & transplant them to an environment with modern conveniences and societal norms, they would have the same challenges faced by the Sudanese kids. They don't need to be refugees first.  The most intriguing phenomenon in the entire film is the obvious mistrust and lack of connection between poor African-Americans and poor Africans, beyond the color of their skin.  For the most part, the situation exists between most working-class Africans and the African-Americans with whom they are lumped up with and have to coexist with at work and home (if they live in predominantly black neighborhoods) and is therefore nothing new, unless you are of a different race.
 The acting was bad, the story could have worked if the movie wasn't filled with stupid fillers like one of the characters waiting around for a pay check, another character sitting around in a closet and making a big deal about a narcoleptic janitor.  Much of the movie was filled with stretched out dead moments.  Really, never recorded Tupac lyrics on a roll of toilet paper sitting on a shelf in an office, come on.
 Not worth the money.  No plot.  Just some nonsense. Don't waste your time or money.
 rent it. If u must see it. I should have kept on walking. Loved the actors but this movie just gave them a little paycheck. I couldn't finish this movie at all. I tried then I said why?
 What a disappointment! Writers block supreme! they resurrected every villain, acquaintance, and relative of Clarks. They made him face and defeat every one he ever fought and then killed them off again. So many flashbacks the viewer often lost sight of what was actually going on.  More alternate dimensions, got sent back to the phantom zone, the Luthers, on again off again weddings, and any other trite cliche you can think of. Barely watchable and certainly not worth the price.
 The show worked at its core when Jonathan Kent was still on and you had father and son moments. The dynamic of him with his parents made the show like you'd expect an early start of Clark's life to be. Somehow by season 10, they got wayyyyyy off track! The whole blue blur crap, and Clark looking like the only idiot alien who is afraid to fly... It just got bad.  The finale was pretty pathetic in that you don't see him in the full suit. They just cgi (and bad cgi) him into a crappy costume that you get a glimpse as he helps a plane ala Reeve/Routh from the movies.  EWWW stay away from this one folks and wait for the "Man of Steel movie starring Henry Cavill.
 This final season I place in the worst season in the ten year history of the series. If I had seen this series on television I would not have purchased the box set.
 I watched Smallville off and on and here of the 10th season being there last.I bought seasons 1-9 and watched them until season 10 started,so I could catch up.Most of the early season so the same way every episode,so you probaly will get tired of watching them,like I did.Someone always gets knocked out and doesn't remember what happened the week before or the book The Art of War gets quoted alot by Lex or Lex's father and the constintly repeating scenes of conflict or make up to break up in one whole episode kinds of things get old.But season 1-9 were very fun and exciting to watched and season 9 was truly amazing with the JSA and all the other specail appearrances throughout.  But on to season 10.A very hard season to follow or want to follow.They clearly made this season for everyone from the original cast to come back to say there final goodbyes.Which was nice,even though most of it just seemed like a flip of a switch and there they are,so if you missed even the smallest parts of the episodes.You would be completely lost and with all the people comming back made alot of the episodes for this season seemed half assed or as if they just stopped caring about the show anymore,for example,an entire episode about a very rare bow that they spend an entire episode on,ends up getting destroyed the last 5 minutes of the show or the hangover episode.  Where everyone has to find out what happened the night before,which that episode was very lame.I also hate that that there was no main villian that has anything to do with the story at all.Just shadows of the actual person or clones or body switches instead of the clear cut villain like Lex or Zod were in the past.Darksied would just send his lackies to do most if not all his dirty work,which made him look like a giant pussy.It was like he had something better to do because it didn't seem like he got very involved in what was going on.  It all comes down to two things.After 10 season of constint focus was on the Clark Kent's character and not Superman,but in later seasons,Clark gets called the blur,which finally starts separating the Clark/Superman "the blur dynamic alittle.But in season 10 they just seem to cram the full change of Clark being a nerd,who can't do anything and Superman "the blur doing all the things he can do overnight and no one noticed the huge changed and thought it wouldn't be odd,but all of the other characters must have gotten knocked out and forgotten the past 9 years of there lives.But the last,but most important,the whole flying thing.I honestly thought season 10 was finally the season where he would fly.Not on the very last episode and for a very short time on the last episode.  To me it just seemed like they were giving the middle finger to all the superman fans,I always pictured superman being the strongest and most powerful hero out there,but in recent years in animation as well as live action,he would rather root for the Batmans or Green Arrow characters because for the least powerful characters they seem to fair alot better than Superman,who get controlled by the villian or knocked out or kidnapped or something stupid like that and in live action does extremely well only not do extremely badly later on.
 I used to like watching this series early on, when it had stories in it, before the endless sad futility of the Lana Lang romance wore me out... Thought I'd give this last season a try, see if it all came to anything. And what I found was a travesty. Whole episodes seem to consist of characters pretentiously declaiming abstract profundities like, "In order to live in the present, I need to let go of the past, dad. That means I have to say goodbye to you. It seems as if the whole story is taking place on some level of vapid commentary. They forgot to invent action - actual plotlines - that would convey these trite messages and make them fresh. It's like a clinic in what Henry James said not to do when he advised authors to show, not tell. The finale goes even farther, with Clark realizing that he shouldn't have let go of the past after all, because although his strength comes from Krypton, his heroic traits come from the Kent family farm. Only this message isn't dramatized -- nothing happens that would make the viewer realize it as lived truth -- instead it is rammed down our throats in the form of...words. We don't need characters saying things like,"A hero can only be as strong as his enemies, so that's why I, Lex Luthor, am here. That is supposed to be the job of commentators and critics, who unearth such insights from a good story. But these modern protagonists insist on bloviating about their own significance. The rest of the story is either really bad science fiction or really generic soap opera, and the performances are the same. Some talented actors are dragged down by the lines they must speak. The splendid Erica Durance is turned into a sappy one-dimensional poster girl for faithfulness and fairy tale marriage; the mischievous Alison Mack barely rises above her Spielberg-like bedtime story scene; and it's hard to tell if Tom Welling can act, but he comes off as irretrievably stiff and not too bright, and doesn't look facially anything like any Superman we've ever seen in comics. If you like watching people make speeches about the deep meaning of life instead of embodying it, you'll love Smallville Season 10. All moral, no story.
 It's official, Smallville butchered Superman. The series stuck to its original goal of preventing Clark from becoming the Man of Steel for as long as possible. And when he finally does change, the scene are the worst Superman scenes to be filmed. There's only two maybe three shots of Tom Welling in the suit and the rest of the time Superman is shown in a far away shot done with incredibly poor computer animation. The series decided to do its own version of Superman saving an airplane and its absolutely pathetic. The film Superman Returns has a far superior scene and it even won several awards for it. But that's because that film was actually done by Superman fans and by people who had actually read the comics. Smallville clearly isn't done by Superman fans and they maybe have read about ten issues, and obviously hated them. Hence the reason why Smallville stays away from Superman for so long and doesn't even give the characters their original names. The Blur? Velocity? What stupid names to give Superman and The Flash. Now what really is awful about the finale is how it ends. Lex is barely in it, and maybe the actor had two, three days of filming. (but more than likely just one.) And Clark doesn't even fight Lex or Darkside. I was at least expecting a fight scene between the those two once Clark became Superman, but no he just moves the fire ball away in the last ten minutes of an hour and half show. The whole episode is horrible and boring because most of it is Clark and Lois complaining about getting married and complaining about their futures. Boring! Now if people really want to see a good version of Superman, check out the animated films from DC Animated Warner Studios. Those films are marvelous, stay true to the comics, get PG-13 ratings because of all the action, and they show why cartoons are the best way to deliver comic books as movies. Live action films are just horrid, cartoons, that's where it's at.
 After not watching smallville for a while I decided it was time to start up again. Needless to say I was disappointed. Lois is some undercover superhero that goes from a chauffer to a stripper and amazingly (not!) she knew her way around a club she had NEVER been to, stole a costume, managed to find a wig and ta da she was seducing the bad guy. They made the Lois character with too big of a head, Clark is too much a wimp to amount to much. Smallville has gone way down with the addition of Lois and her character.  I am curious if this will survive after season 10....
 My 4 year old boy had many questions while watching this DVD.  The most troublesome of all was how did Thomas get off the raft and onto land?  Did the tracks come right up to the water?  Did the Logging Locos have drivers, signal men, and men to tend to their fires and made sure they had coal?  I think the new showrunners, as someone else has called them here, are underestimating the intelligence of their audience and this is a sad turn of events.  The original Thomas was smart and stayed true to how a railway actually worked.  This new Thomas just throws that out the window.  One thing I always loved about Thomas was there was never a bad or inherently evil character.  Sure some of the Engines would say rude or mean things (James, Gordon)but in the end they always learned their lesson and were apologetic.  At the end of the credits Diesel 10 ominously appears from behind a mountain and speaks some scary words with a cackle.  Since he was not featured at all in this movie this is obviously a hook for a future DVD.  Diesel 10 has been part of the Thomas cast for some time and he has always been an intimidating character, yes.  But he was never scary or seen as evil as they are trying to portray him now.  I am not pleased with this new direction for Thomas and his friends.  This movie is basically just a big commercial for the Trackmaster Set which will cost you $50. or the Take & Play set for the Xmas season.  The worst part is that there is zero attempt to hide the fact that this is just a movie made to hawk toys.  Character development is nonexistent and the dialogue is super simple.  One of the characters just says the same thing over and over.  "That's right". My kids are bored with it already.  Note to the producers and directors of The new Thomas movies
 As a parent I very much enjoy watching Thomas shows and movies.  I rather like trains and Thomas is the standard for child train movies.  However this movie is a dramatic deviation and has a thoughtless story line decorated with absurdity.  In short, Thomas accidentally drifts off to a island five miles directly offshore of Brendam docks.  Despite the FIVE MILE undersea train tunnel linking Sodor to Misty island and the close proximity to shore, none have seen Misty island. Thomas meets new trains on misty island (Dash, Bash and Ferdinand)who were sent to exile on the island for being not really useful and together they work hard to exploit an endangered tree to build a rescue station. Everything works out in the end but they waste valuable story time by logistical reasons of finding some of the people who were out finding Thomas before he rescued himself (if that makes sense).  It should have at least made sense to the writers that this was a horrible story.  Also, introduced in this story is the Captain (a boat) who is the only one who has an English accent as all sea-going people have English accents.  Finally, Hit entertainment, who puts together Thomas movies, makes getting to the actually movie another logistical challenge by removing function of the "menu button thus bypassing previews is only achievable through pressing the "skip button a million times.  I though i was paying for the movie not Hit entertainments free reign of smothering my child with previews of their other products.
 This show's had its ups and downs over the years, and after <a href="http
 If you are looking to painfully entertain your children while promoting the latest and upcoming Hit Entertainment Thomas and Friends toys for Christmas, then this film is for you!  A true waste of time for anyone looking to share moral and ethics lessons with their favorite blue engine.  The story is as deep as a mud puddle.  I'd go as far to say it not only insults the Awdry/Thomas legacy, but our kids intelligence as well!  Hero of the Rails was bad enough, but Hit has slumped to a new Low with this pitiful outing.  It makes me glad I spent so much years back on Thomas DVD's for our first round of kids, now the little ones can enjoy the "better stories of Sodor, and this garbage can be forgotten on the shelf.  The one star is for Ferdinand, the 3-Truck Climax locomotive, one of our favorite prototypes.  Pass on this DVD, you'll be glad you did-for the kids sake...  and while I have you.  Who comes up with these titles? New Thomas Christmas film-Thomas & Friends
 Misty Island Rescue is terrible.  It's amazing how absurd this series has become since the UK days, and this is the worst of all of it.  The writing is awful, the message is ludicrous, and even my 4-year old is sensitive to the contrived story and nonsensical plot contrivances.  This is basically a 90-minute toy commercial written by people who have never seen a train before, and don't seem to know how they work or what they are for.  Roger Corman movies are far more realistic and interesting.  Instead of buying this, get a collection of old episodes before the CGI.
 This DVD stopped right in the middle, which was very upsetting to a 4 year old.  It would not forward to restart a little later or anything.  It was done.  I bought him another and threw this one out.  This was my the only disappointing experience we've ever had with an Amazon order.
 I really hope the people in charge of making Thomas read these reviews.  My 3 yr old fell in love with this show over a year ago.  Even he prefers the old model "live action version.  The computerized crap has lost the magic it used to have.  BRING BACK THE OLD THOMAS!!!
 I remember my pre teen years watching this show. Loved it. This is VERY MISLEADING INDEED! I should have read ALL of the customer reviews before buying. It's not a complete series. It's the last seven episodes. I wasted good money to get Screwed over. Lesson Learned. Luckily I purchased used so it wasn't a complete loss. Even if you wanna go search for the OVA 1 and 2 of Tenchi Muyo Ryo-Ohki, don't. Tenchi Universe is much better and funnier. Go that route instead.
 Silly annoying over-the-top acting!...Comedy that's all to predictable being the same as most comedy Bollywood movies, following the same formula of comedy but this time just way to silly. Katrenia does her usual same wooden acting as in all her other films - look sexy, smile, dance - That's it!  If it wasn't for the soundtrack this film would have got 0! Stupid plots, predictable characters, silly unfunny jokes, no acting skills. Avoid!
 I am a generous critic. I like almost like something about a movie and review it generously.  This movie is ridiculous. I enjoy the soundtrack. You should just keep listening it it.  Acting is in one word
 I like Bollys. A LOT! I purchase and see many of them. Music and humor is light as air and an excellent palate cleasner, after the usual "there been a murder "let's blow something up type of films that currently pass for cinema. Kiiing is just plain out of the way I need to barf stuff. Horrible, terrible, rotten, no good and also a stinkeroo. Almost as bad as Marigold. Another alleged fun flic where I hated EVERYONE in it, regardless of their roles.
 I have to begin by confessing that Spielberg movies, with the exception of Empire of the Sun, have always bored me. If ever a director typified the standard lazy Hollywood churn-out-the-schlock mentality it's Spielberg. This movie - which I was asked to watch by a friend who likes sci-fi - actually hits a low spot because pretty much every aspect is flat. The camera work is tiresome and unimaginative, the script could have been written by a write-a-cliche computer program, the acting is one-dimensional, there is no plot, and the special effects are frankly unintentionally funny but always boring and telegraphed hours in advance. Likewise the soundtrack is... well, let's just say, this movie definitely would be better with the volume set to zero.  In addition to being a tiresome hack job in which everyone dials in their contribution from long-distance, it's a sci-fi movie with no science and no fiction. There's basically not much of a plot ("hey, what if there's this weird stranded alien and like, the military capture it and torture it, and, like, you know, it escapes and starts killing people...") and the fact the "monster is  putatively an alien is irrelevant - it could just as easily be a giant poltergeist or a land-capable shark.  As always, Spielberg throws in tons of faux sentimentality (young teens rediscovering the importance of fathers... sigh....) and close-up shots than serve only to reveal that no one in this flaccid production can act.  But all is not lost. If you are one of the many people out there who have difficulty falling asleep at the end of a stressful day, this is definitely the movie for you. It is so dreadful, so tedious, such an absolute waste of time and money that you'll be sound asleep within twenty minutes of the opening sequence. And for that contribution to somnolence everywhere this movie deserves the one star rating I've given it.
 The title of my review is my actual review. I don't think this utterly dull POS merits any more effort being expended.
 The movie has no real plot, and the characters are not believable at all.  The 'alien' is kept in shadows at all times like used to happen in the really old sci-fi movies where it was done due to how hard it was to make the alien believable.  Attempts to communicate with the alien are just absurd, and lead to an anti-climatic ending.  This is like a modern version of those really, really bad sci-fi B-movies of the 50's and 60's.
 the movie was slow to action & 90% of the movie was too dark so you really cant see whats happening. wasup with that? then it was almost predictable but boring...please dont waist $10 like i did. kids even lost interest and fell asleep lol
 I would seriously like to slap the snot out of whoever did the sound on this film. We rented this from Amazon. We have a home theatre system. The quiet conversations interspersed with frequent DEAFENING crashes, explosions, screams, etc. make it nearly unwatchable! I rode the remote the ENTIRE time, which is absolutely no fun, and my upstairs neighbors actually stomped on their livingroom floor at least 3 times because some of the scenes were so suddenly loud I couldn't possibly keep the volume at one steady level and still hear what the actors were saying.  Why do filmmakers do this? It's obnoxious. And this film is one of the worst offenders. I guess if we'd gone to see this in a theatre, we'd have come home with blood streaming from our ears. I'd really like to watch it again because the cast was uniformly great and the story attention-grabbing -- but I won't, because of this one issue. Had it not been a streaming rental and a DVD instead, I might have watched it again -- with English captioning and NO sound.
 Preposterous plot. Characters with no depth. Bad SFX. Gawd awful. No worth the time I spent watching it. Save your money.
 Insipid sentimentality with production values and a big soppy musical score. And a derivative plot, utterly predictable. Has the worst aspects of King and Spielberg.
 Initially, I was going to just buy this, but I saw it at Redbox the other day and decided to rent it instead.  There's $1.20 absolutely wasted.  I had relatively high expectations of this movie.  With Abrams and Spielberg working collaboratively, I figured it would have to be good in some ways.  I was wrong.  I don't know if it could have been more hokey, cheesy, or cliche if they tried.  Poor sullen kid loses mom, and dad has to finally be a parent (ooh. gripping.).  The drunk neighbor is ridiculous.  Ooh.  Again.  "Stay away from my daughter".  Lame.  Then we have the sad alien who only wants to return home (ET, but more angry and on steroids?).  Amazingly, everyone comes away from a full on-train derailment with barely a scratch.  The person who DRIVES A TRUCK HEAD ON into it miraculously lived long enough to be killed by the USAF.  Lovely.  Stupid 'tween puppy love? Check. Ridiculous story line?  Check. Utterly predictable ending?  Check. 1 hour and 50 some minutes of my life I'll never get back?  Check.  Those who rave must have seen another movie or are just blinded by the names attached to this movie.  Bottom line
 Well, I took a chance on it and my instincts were right. This is Spielberg trying so hard to get the freshness of ET and the creativity of "Amazing Stories . It's a mish-mosh combination that goes off the rails.  The film actually starts off producing mild interest for the first twenty five minutes. Some annoying half teen/half something else kids of 1979 suburbia are working on making a home style movie. That's about the only part that held my interest because I had done the same as a youngster, but after the big train wreck, this monstrosity goes on and on with noise and nonsense. The kids get caught up in some military generated creature bs (or restrained alien- who knows) that plays out like a far fetched kiddie film. Most movies generate improbability, but this film throws in the kitchen sink and more as it scrambles for high octane interest.  The creature is so wicked and destructive that no one in their right mind, let alone a kid, would want to come near the thing. The CGI seems old school and detracts as the monster who is wisely hidden with glimpses reveals itself. Of course one pre- teen boy can stop this fiend in it's tracks with vocal civility. Sub plots including a weirdly displayed kid crush and conflicting dads fall flat all around. Remove the sci -fi aspect and you have big screen Hallmark movie. A concoction of metal, lights and crud is whipped up to create an excuse of an ending. It couldn't come fast enough for this dud.
 No wonder the trailer was extremely vague, they had to spark SOME interest and trick people into watching this film. And everyone would have just thought, 'oh, an E.T. remake'. Some Remakes can be tweaked and great, but this movie was horrible. The expectations were high considering the producer and director. What a let down. The story line was just like in E.T., the only thing different was E.T. was like E.T. on meth and steroids. Catch this film if it's available on redbox for $1 or when it plays on tv, but definitely not worth the $3.99 and anticipation. If you hate movies that are really quiet when you need to hear what is being said, then obnoxiously and unnecessarily loud, definitely avoid this one. The cinematography was also horrible. Really hated this film and I love Sci-Fi. What a disappointment.
 The school year is ending, which means less homework and more opportunities to go to the movies on weekdays.  My daughters wanted to see "Super 8 because my youngest had heard from a friend in school that one scene made her scream aloud.  I myself was not sure what to make of a film touted as an "homage to another producer/director.  But JJ Adams has made some very solid movies in my opinion, so it couldn't be all bad.  And it wasn't.  My daughters were duly frightened and pronounced it a very good movie.  But I found myself thinking about the plot during those moments when the pace of the movie seemed to slow.  First thought that hit me was these events were taking place when Jimmy Carter was president.  He never seemed like the type of chief executive that would have approved of secret and not so nice air force programs to exploit captive aliens.  Then I began wondering why a lowly colonel ran the whole program and why he had been in charge for apparently a number of years.  And then I wondered why heavily armed national guardsmen wearing flak jackets were evacuating a town threatened by a wildfire.  Seemed a bit like overkill if you asked me?  The sight of those guys on the street would have led to me START asking questions rather than blindly following their directions.  Plus, fuel trucks don't blow up if you shoot them with a rifle (see the Mythbusters series).  Well, I guess it doesn't pay to look for holes in a plot because undoubtedly they exist in all movies.  But then again, if the film had engaged me throughout, I guess I would not have had the time to mull over the plot.  The acting on the part of the kids was excellent - Elle Fanning especially.  Some aspects of the film - like the kids making a zombie movie - were also brilliant.  The casting for the adults, however, seemed a bit stereotypical.  The bad Air Force colonel had to look bad, etc. I felt like I had to explain the concept of posse comitatus to my kids when I got home. I also have trouble comparing the monster to ET when I learned that it apparently ate people.  Seemed a bit more CLOVERFIELD-ish and thus much less sympathetic.
 This movie falls flat on its face trying to be the "ET of today's generation. A predictable plot, tired character roles, and a boring take on "other life are all throw into a blender and comes out a muddy, soupy mess in the end. There is no satisfaction to be had watching this film if you are over the age of 12. If you are 11 and younger - enjoy!
 great preview..lousy movie. It really did seem like a bunch of kids made this movie. Just really bad plot & bad acting.
 I had high hopes for this movie, but it was so filled with countless plot holes and so badly written, that the group of us watching were falling off our chairs by the end with laughter.  It played like a frantic fever dream, jumping from one non-nonsensical scene to another.  By the end, we were rooting for the army to destroy the evil alien who killed countless innocent people, destroyed a town, and left an entire community broken.  In the end, it flies away, powered by the locket that the main characters mother's gave him.  Who knew an intergalactic spaceship could be powered by schmaltz.  There were many scenes that were introduced that did nothing to advance the story or deepen the understanding of the characters.  The mother's death by a steam beam did not impact the story or really the main character.  You really felt nothing for the child, because that emotional pain was not connected with the story.  The conflict with the father and the drunk man responsible for his wife's death was also meaningless.  Why spend a scene on that?  Here are a couple of items for thought
 Derivitive. Predetor, Aliens, ET, Close Encounters , War of the Worlds+Cloverleaf etc. all rolled into on unmemorable mess.  Follows the usual Spielbergesque formula...monsters+drippy sentimentalism+smart a.ss kids+comic relief druggie dude.
 They focus way to much on making us try to care about the characters, and fail. First 20 minutes of the movie could be deleted. The movie is 80% about some kids making a movie and the romantic connection between two of the kids. When E.T. goes home in the end, we're supposed to care and be happy for it. Fail. Very slow moving movie.
 First of all I've never written a review on Amazon before but I felt compelled to do so simply because of the number of 5 star reviews for this film. A person who's on the fence about purchasing this movie might be swayed simply by all of the reviews without renting it and I just had to offer an objective counterpoint after having finally seen the movie. People may genuinely like this movie, hey more power to them and this is just my opinion.  I went into the movie pretty stoked because of the initial previews for it. I then read some of the professional reviews and they were pretty positive. So I knew going in that this was essentially a 2-hour love letter to all things Spielberg-ian, much less classic Spielberg when he could do no wrong, so I was even more psyched! And then I watched the film.  The biggest two films that this movie borrows/steals heavily from are Close Encounters and E.T. And those two movies had one thing in common right off the bat - they hooked the audiences in. Immediately. Everyone's seen them so I won't rehash why their hooks worked. This film had no such hook - or at least not the hook you'd suspect in a movie heavily advertised as a summer action/sci-fi film. I knew something was off when they focused on the main character Joe, a roughly 15 year old kid, and then proceeded to drag out the opening. I was still psyched mind you, just less enthusiastic about the movie. And the opening was thoughtful and emotional but just not what I expected. I thought we were going to hit the ground running with the kids filming their Super 8 movie, establish quick backgrounds, and then the train derailment would hit and all hell would break loose. It didn't. We're introduced to Joe and all of his buddies and the I-couldn't-see-that-coming-1000-miles-away love interest and we eventually get to where the previews had me hyped. And then that crapped out.  It seems that the movie's sideplot of Joe's relationship with his friends, potential girlfriend, and his father took up roughly 75% of the movie and the "other plot with the alien was about 25%. Keep in mind these numbers are based on my first viewing and could be off, it's simply what it felt like to me as it unfolded. You get a quick scene with the alien and then back to the much longer friends scenes. Repeat that formula a few times and there's the movie. It just wasn't properly focused. You'd get the action going and then dial it all the way back down to zero.  And then I was just amazed at the homage scenes to Spielberg. They were pretty blatant. The airforce guys who rush out of NOWHERE with flashlights at the derailment was a rip-off of E.T. as was a couple of city shots at dusk. All of the dysfunctional family scenes with Joe's buddy, the budding director, were completely ripped-off from Close Encounters as was a town evacuation scene. There was even a quick utility truck scene driving through the countryside that I would've sworn was from Close Encounters. In fact all of Joe's buddy's are simply knock-off versions of the kids in Stand By Me and, to a lesser extent, Goonies. And I won't ruin the ending but even a certain element of that basically copied E.T.  And I won't even get into actual plot holes with the government agents and the biology teacher as that'd ruin the movie with potential spoilers because if you see it I'd rather you not know everything. But I will say this to all of the 5-star reviewers - after watching this did the kids in any way forward the plot with the alien? IMO they did not - events would've unfolded without them anyways except for one single rescue scene. The main character's(the kids) that were focused on in no way helped or hindered the alien plotline. We could've essentially replaced the kids with a group of rogue monkeys that escaped from a zoo and accidentally recorded the alien. Can't go wrong with monkeys for comedic relief.  Anyways there you go. Sorry for the length of the review - I just wanted to explain why this just didn't work for me and warn you if you're expecting a whimsical, tightly knit action-filled sci-fi film you'll be in for a surprise as that's definitely not what this is. It's a tale of friendship and a coming of age story. With an alien. And that would be fine but it wasn't in any way promoted as such.  Please rent this first before just blindly buying it. And to everyone who loves it, great. I'm not full of hate for this movie, just massive disappointment for what it could have been, based on the previews. My one star rating will be considered harsh as the acting overall was decent and the effects worked, but the overall stuttering plot just didn't do it for me. To me a 5-star film is pretty flawless with the storyline and plot, that's why I'm amazed at all of the 5-stars out there. You truly think this is a perfect film? A masterpiece? You'll return to this over and over again throughout the years like you would with a true, much less original, 5-star film?  I'll just stick with the far superior source material(s) instead of this.  Peace
 When the movie first started, I thought, "This is a great little movie. I loved the interaction with the kids, and think if Abrams could have kept the focus on that storyline (with the sci fi monster), it might have been a nice little flick ala "Stand By Me. Instead, it was a sappy, heavy-handed lecture on letting go and surviving through pain. It wasn't a big inspirational, the monster left a LOT to be desired. They could have easily chopped off 45 minutes in this movie and filled it with something else. The writing is poor, the special effects are stupid, and the story veers off in so many different directions it appears childish.  One bright note was watching the "kids movie at the very end. But don't bother watching the whole thing just to get there.
 the movie was shot in such dark scenes that you could not see half of the movie. Most of the movie is soo unbelievable that its annoying. Don't bother. Heck I dont think I will watch any more movies from with JJ Abrams of Speilberg.
 i don't understand what do Spielberg with this film try to copy ET or GOONIES?? how an ALIEN make a ship with garbage! and why wait 40 years to do that! or simply this movie is a precuel of CLOVERFIELD is the clone????? better movie of monster is THE TROLL HUNTER
 After the first ten minutes of the movie, I was ready for a nonstop sci-fi thrill ride. I was extremely disappointed. The rest of the movie is completely disjointed and has no idea what it should be. Way to many plot lines and none are fully resolved.  And just out of curiosity, why would the AIR FORCE put the world's most valuable military secret on an unguarded train; traveling through the middle of the country?
 I usually like work from JJ Abrams (Star Trek, LOST), but this movie was REALLY disappointing.  My husband and I rented thinking, oh the reviews are good so let's give it a try.  The plot, the characters, the beginning, the middle, the ending --- all of it was extremely boring.  I would've stopped watching it after first 15 minutes, but I figured I'd see what the good ratings were about.  One of the worst I've rented this year.
 I wander who's the target audience for this flick. The pickup ramming and destroying a million ton train. ET running around killing killing everybody. Looks more like a spielburg movie than JJ Abrams.
 A cute, big eyed alien lands in a saucer, befriends children on bicycles, and makes a phone call. It is a very cute British children's film from 1955 called SUPERSONIC SAUCER. It was laughable watching Spielberg remake this film in 1977 as CLOSE ENCOUNTERS (several versions; he strives for perfection, after all) and in 1982 as E.T., not to mention 1987 as *BATTERIES NOT INCLUDED. He continues to remake this British film. It is now vomitous. Are we not lucky to have "fresh visions and "talented filmmakers among us? Look up at the sky with a stupid expression if you disagree.
 This was one of the worse movie ever made, it was another Cloverfield. We lost interest after 15 minutes, the previews made it look good, but it wasn't. The kids did great, they have a future in acting. Rent it if you don't believe me but don't waste your money buying it, it is a watch once movie.
 This is another very lame and cliche film about aliens.  The story was incredibly predictable and was pretty weak.  I felt cheated after watching.
 I so wanted to like this. I mean with names like Speilberg and JJ Abrams, I thought this would be great. I'm a huge "Fringe fan, but this movie lacked any of that vitality. The kids were okay, but the plot line was weak, the acting poor and it never seemed to work, for me anyway.  For being blu-ray, and having a few action scenes, particularly the train accident, it could have been so much more intense.  Sadly, all this taught me is this
 I am so displeased that I've been waiting one month for the Super 8 movie I have paid for. I had to review this seller. Even thought after they read this I may never ever get my DVD. I will say I hate the idea of reviews and scores for I am in sales. So it took alot for me to write this. Tho I'm sure they knew it was coming.  They take the cake for buyer beware unhappy experience. DO NOT Buy from them. I think I could have made the movie by now. this was the first order I placed on Amazon, lol nice welcome
 This was so bad! We walked out of it. It tries to capture that whole Spielburgesque feeling, you know, with kids on the bikes in a suburb looking for adventure, but fails completely. What plays out is extremely tedious. It's nothing more than a B monster movie with every character a boring stereotype.
 Another movie where the government is the bad guy. The monster, which kills people and hangs them upside down, however, is just misunderstood. Plus, the plot is a badly disjointed patchwork of ideas stolen from "Close Encounters of the Third Kind  "E. T. , "Jaws and Stephen King's "Tommyknockers.". Save your money.
 Very Boring movie.  Really did not like it. It was good at first then it just went sour after about 20 minutes.  Hated It!
 Have you ever witnessed (no, not seeing a video with little perspective) of a fast moving freight train hitting a vehicle?  I have long ago while working for the Union Pacific;  I was working for the U.P. and sitting trackside on a "ballast machine knowing that the freight was about to come thru....thus making it requisite to pull into a siding which was there for such purposes.  A truck driver with suicide on his mind pulled onto the tracks just as the freight was approaching.  Yes, there is debris flying through the air ahead of the impact area but any normal freight (75 to 100+ cars) will just slice right through the vehicle....there is no threat of a derailment under normal circumstances (such as an improperly maintained trackage) and will continue to pass through while the engineer attempts to stop the train.  It is a horrendous event to witness (the driver was killed immediately) but something with the tonnage of a freight train is not going to go flying in all directions.  J.J. Abrams has a wild imagination as shown in his earlier works....but the premise of a derailment is simply ridiculous.  And be prepared to describe the events before a Coroner's Jury!  Nothing more, nothing less.
 Save Your $3.99.  There is a reason that there is a Facebook page called "Super 8 Is The Worst Movie Ever.  I rented this thinking it was a Steven King movie.  Instead I got Stand By Me, Meets ET and District 9.  Totally predictable and uninteresting.
 Who let Spielberg get away with highway robbery? Who turned their heads & allowed this guy 2 steal this kind of $$$ 4 this garbage?! No 1 was watchin' the cookie jar when he put his hand in & emptied it! This movie should have gone str8 2 the dumpster right out the camera! The kids did a good job with what they had 2 work with. Who ever created this mess should be flogged! Horrendous story! Good job kids! Not worth the harddrive it was saved on! I rate this a -5!!!
 This movie was awful. To have it be compared to E.T. and other great movies like that was ridiculous. I couldn't wait for the movie to end and then the ending was even worse then the actual movie.
 Not sure what movie many people were watching based on the reviews praising the film but I found the story line just to be ok and the ending to be really dumb. It felt like the film was trying to hit me over the head with some subtle political message (like Avatar).
 AWFUL!!!!  JJ Abrams needs to do better research if he wants to do Sci-Fi. The kid stops the alien from eating him by telling the creature, "I understand". What are you kidding?
 The audio track on the Blu-Ray is corrupt making it completely useless. The DVD works, but if I wanted to buy a DVD, I would have bought it as a DVD for less money. I heard of others having the same problem.
 This movie had so much potential!  There really could have been a real story, some depth.  There is not climax to this film and there's really just a surface story.  [SPOILERS]  They mention when the alien touches you, you understand it.  Yet they don't elaborate on this point.  They're just like 'here it is, we're not going to do anything with it.'  It could have been a great movie. I was so disappointed.
 this pathetic excuse for a movie took my money, wasted my time, my energy.  i can't believe Spielberg produced this utter ridiculous joke.  if you are 5 years old, then go see the movie, if you have a brain at all and an adult, please stay away as this garbage will suck the life out of and drain you dry.  really bad B movie is a good rating for this cheese wiz.
 Certainly not a family movie.  The story was completely boring and I could not wait till it was over.  There was a ton of needless cursing, especially by the children, and an F bomb, for what reason I have no idea other than more Hollywood brain washing to promote the cause that cursing is acceptable.  Thank goodness I rented it for free with a promotion through Redbox!
 This is pure garbage. The plot is ridiculous, and the dialog is really banal and laughable. After the train crash, which is very impressive, this movie takes a downturn to the level of a B movie turd. I wish I could get my money back, but at least I did not buy this stinkbomb!
 What exactly is the plot anyway?  Some "thing".  Some "monster".  Is it an alien?  Dracula?  Bigfoot?  A kitten?  The reviews here are mostly horrible too, which makes the title seem too forced.  Most of these reviews read like they were written by promoters for the movie itself.  Thanks, I'm sure you want me to think your product is great.  That's implicit in its mere existence.  But that does nothing to convince anyone.  It only adds to the lack of clarity and pointlessness by making it seem forced.  "Umm, guys?  This title is a bomb, so let's talk it up so we at least make back our investment.  "Haha, yeah!  Why actually make something decent when we can just force it down peoples' throats by artificially interfering with their purchase decisions?  Now to make thoughts like this seem stupid, half the reviews will be removed or rewritten, and a reply left to say, "I don't see what you're talking about, derp.  Maybe not, but I look at it this way
 I tried to cancel my order before I watched it but I guess you can't do that. From the reviews that I read, I wasted money on a movie that I didn't see. Seems to be a good movie for children from what I read.
 For parents and kids like us who find it offensive, this film is loaded with swearing. It hardly ever lets up. My husband and I don't recall that 2 of the words were even in use in 1979. I didn't like that 3 of the 4 helpful adults in this movie used drugs or alcohol. The special effects are great. I think the story is weak and as a sci-fi fan I would have liked more of the "science explained and more alien involvement other than simply throwing junk straight up in the air for most of the movie.  There is very little humor although one boy has perfect timing remarking on methods of suicide. (You would have to hear him, it's not as bad as it sounds.) All the kids did a pretty good job acting as their quirky characters. But if you find bad language offensive, I'd skip this one. Our son left the room halfway through. It was a Spielberg film and I wanted so much for it to get better, but I should have followed his example.
 Is anyone else sick of Speilberg using that same shot of people peering up at the sky with wondrous looks on their faces.  I mean he used it in Close Encounters, etcetera etcetera.  And is anyone sick of his terrible plot.  Watching his movies are like reading Stephen King.  Lots of fluff and amazing pyrotechnics by no story, no plot.  He just be banned from movie making.  What was this movie about?  A monster is trapped on earth, and waits to the movie to be made to build a spaceship?  What?  Stupid.  Just plain stupid.  And by the way, the little vignette of a Super 8 movie of the title made by the kid main characters and shown at the end with the credits was far better than the stupid movie which preceded it.
 Steven Spielberg has lost his touch for a long time now.  This is a terrible film.  The actors (kids) were very good.  This is one of those films that rarely shows you anything and use darkness to hide things instead of spending the money to show you.  I absolutely think this is one of the worst films of the year.  Please do not buy this.
 I CAN'T REVIEW THIS MOVIE BECAUSE I'M TIRED OF HAVING TO BUY COMBO PACKS.WHEN IT COMES OUT ON BLU-RAY BY IT SELF I MIGHT BUY IT.
 I'm not exactly sure what audiences saw in this movie? I had an open mind about the direction of the story line and hoped for the best as I sat and munched my popcorn. I can't express how disappointed I was at this weak effort of this movie. First, the casting of the main characters was completely ridiculous. How they ever found such an inept bunch of pre-teen actors is beyond comprehension. The dialog between the cast was annoying at best. Not one of them could finish a line without interrupting each other making it a useless wall of noise (Directors fault). In short, this movie just doesn't accomplish its goal of making you feel something for the characters and the alien. In that case, I leave you with this...  What is the point then?
 ...that rate a product before it is even available!  What lots of idiots do not understand is that if they want to rate the movie they should go to IMDB.com.  If they want to rate the DVD or blu-ray they have to wait until it is available and they have tried it out.  How do they know what the video and audio quality is going to be?  The packaging, the extras etc.?  Of course ultimately it is Amazon's fault for allowing reviews of a non-existing product.  So once again, for all the mentally slow people, DVDs and blu-ray discs are *products* an important *part* of which is the movie and/or TV episodes on it and their quality but that is far from being the *only* criterion by which they should be judged!  Ergo, you actually need to have experienced the product before you can rate it!
 ET? Goonies? Wake Up! Are Classics, this is poor trash. What Happend with the real tributes? 1/2 - Star in my concept.
 Are you kiddin me, what a waste of a perfect bluray. Do not purchase. Warning,warning cannot believe Spielberg put his name on this bust.
 I don't enjoy writing serious reviews, and I'm not enjoying this so I suppose that would make sense.  In summary, don't watch this movie, and definitely don't pay money to own it forever, so it's sat on your shelf next to decent films like the Goonies and Gigli.  People judge you by the things you own (not me of course, I'm from an environmentally friendly pygmy tribe who spend our time helping others); don't allow them to hate you or think you are a stupid head because you have this movie on display.  After a lifetime of character development and build up, you conclude that the kids are annoying and unlike-able, and the most annoying one (the fat bully) is so lame that they couldn't be bothered to write him out of the ending properly (cus he'd have ruined it even more).  What's worse is that they try to redeem him with a one-liner at the same time, and that's when you really (really) start to feel shafted.  I won't spoil the ending, you can watch it yourself if you want that to happen; but even the Alien franchise hasn't stooped so patronisingly low by asking me to u-turn, and sympathise with the monster I'm supposed to fear.  And now I can't stop thinking about how annoying the fat kid was. Damn these user reviews.
 Star Classics version of THE SEVERED ARM is unfortunately the Cut TV Version and not the UNCUT and UNCENSORED Version offered by the defunct VIDEO GEMS.
 lots of low-quality stuff that has been circling around for years, also lots of ripping-off of other companies without paying them. Overall
 This is not the DVD version of Speak of the Devil. Speak of the Devil was an incredible live album of ALL BLACK SABBATH songs performed by this band. I can't believe I'm the first person to point this out.
 I haven't, and won't, buy this DVD. I can only assume that this was either edited, or, as someone else suggested, is a totally different concert than the bootleg I saw. The one I saw had Ozzy hanging a little person from the upper rafters of the stage who he called "Ronnie"... This is completely tasteless. That is probably why this has never been released before. I believe the joke of a human being that he has become (Shaaaaroooon!) probably has something to do with karma.... Also, someone was asking why Ozzy doesn't use that effect on his voice where it sounds double more often. The reason is that this is impossible to do live. Unlike true artists, Ozzy records over every live album he has released so that you don't hear how crappy it really sounds.
 Once upon a time I owned this great vinyl album, then I bought a cd player. One day I saw "Speak of the Devil on CD so I bought it. I took it home and listened to it and was shocked to learn that they omitted "Sweet Leaf from the disk. I guessed that they  wussed out to the "Say No crowd. Well, Wikipedia says they ran into CD time restrictions and decided to omit a song. I can't believe the song is omitted from the DVD. The song is totally awesome unless you are retarded. Get the CD with Sweet Leaf and you will be happier.
 I bought this brand new and every single disk in the set had huge gashes and scratches. It will not play half of the episodes because of the damage. This item was still wrapped when I got it so this damage happened in the factory. Not happy and I couldn't get my money back or return it....
 this is going to seem a biased Review to some , and perhaps rightfully so  but I base it on the assumption that "quality and "Literal translation must be considered synonomous  The Subtitle on this show is a polite nod as they dont even include the option of changing the credits so you dont see the case closed logo (Maybe that was a neccessity of Including so many episodes for so low a price but I wish I'd known...)  I'd rather own the Original  and practice my jappanese with it personally  Down with Dubbing.
 Jimmy Stewart playing a harmonica? Maybe in l941 America had its mind on the war and movies, like this one, were very loosely put together. Paulette Goddard plays her usual kinda dingy part. It is interesting to see Horace  Heidt's band again. A young Art Carney is spotted in this not-so-unusual  plot of struggling musicians, love on the fly, rushing here and there to  make the auditions and play dates. You wonder how hunger these actors were  to play in this movie or was it made on furlough for the folks at home.
 Jimmy Stewart playing a harmonica? Maybe in l941 America had its mind on the war and movies, like this one, were very loosely put together. Paulette Goddard plays her usual kinda dingy part. It is interesting to see Horace  Heidt's band again. A young Art Carney is spotted in this not-so-unusual  plot of struggling musicians, love on the fly, rushing here and there to  make the auditions and play dates. You wonder how hunger these actors were  to play in this movie or was it made on furlough for the folks at home.
 The DVD is very close to the bible for a small part,especially Jesus' miracle signs that jesus didn't also like. I'm not a pharisee. There is no idea and messange of jesus.
 The four movies included in this set -- 'Disorder In The Court', 'Malice In The Palace', 'Sing A Song Of Six Pants' and 'Brideless Groom' -- are in the public domain, which means anyone with recording equipment and a copy  of the movie can release their own video. Frequently, the results are of  poor video/audio quality (although the movies themselves are quite good --  'Brideless Groom' is one of the funniest Stooge comedies ever). Columbia  has just released an 'official' Stooges DVD (with six of the films on one  disc) -- hopefully the first of many. Stick with Columbia, and avoid these  cheap knock-offs.
 Not as good as I Love Lucy these four episodes of her later show don't do Lucy justice. Another thing is the quality. DVD's are supposed to be of high quality but they used a very bad film copy when they made this. It  even jumps in a couple places! I'm taking mine back to the store.
 I found these movies to be extremely formulaic.  The plot wasn't all that bad though and seemed to at least move.  The most disappointing factor of all is that it's on DVD and the sound is terrible.  You can't understand  half of what they say.  It sounds like they recorded off of a bad speaker  that keeps popping.  At one point the film even scrolls.  Disappointing use  of media, okay plot, excellent for camp value.
 Did not care for this movie at all! Boring and worthless plot! Wish I could get my time and money back!
 This is the most terrible mass-appeal ... film in quite a while. Why? Because it's pretending to be something it's not. Couldn't you have guessed that already from the pretentious title? When people are watching this it's like "let's marvel at the amazing ... and feel sorry for his perpetually tormented psyche. yay. Whoever feels they've learned something from watching this film, or been profoundly moved, they're seeing something (substance) which is not really there. Academy Awards' best film of the year, based on the true story of a great man and mathematician, the amusing thrills of his building hallucinations and the mystery of what's real and what's not, thus sharing the confused point of view with Nash - how could it not be great? Well, I found it impossible to suspend my disbelief that this was anything more than a produced and manufactured film written at the level of a young adult fiction story which was meaningful in clothing but a stick figure underneath...or something... There's just nothing there. I don't know what else to say. Yeah, you people feel sorry for Nash when you watch this. But if you met the real Nash you wouldn't be nearly so sympathetic. That really makes me mad. Leave the people you consider 'different' ... alone if all you want is entertainment and not actually be interested in learning anything (whether it be in an emotional, philosophical, artistic or informative sense) or at least be real with them. This ...movie was a hit and won 4 Academy Awards. ...Beautiful Mind is misleadingly presented as if it were a deep film or something. It's quite anger-inspiring, like a high school cheerleader girl who feigns confidence but is secretly insecure. And most people don't even notice she's pretending. I bet few people will find this review helpful.
 I think so!  A Beautiful Mind is "Movie Of The Week material that at times seems to parody mental illness.  It misses it's mark from start to finish. Russell Crowe's job wasn't Oscar worthy in my opinion. And this is quite possibly one of Ed Harris' worst on screen performances. He's such a great actor. How did he get talked into this role?  Since I wasted my $...at the theater, I don't intend on wasting double that to own this disappointment. A big blemish on Ron Howard's otherwise notable directing career.  Use the $$ for a pizza and a movie rental from your local video store.
 If they had an Academy Award for most-hyped movie, this one would win. It was dull. Period. I think Ron Howard's ego finally got the better of him.  Looking at the trailer you probably got the impression this was a about a math genius who was working for the government and had some sort of mental disorder (at least that's what I thought). Without giving too much of the movie away, it's about a dull nerd who's lost in delusions. And I have to admit, I spent a lot of time fast forwarding, otherwise I would've ejected it.  There was a scene in the beginning of the movie where professors perform some pen ceremony on a prestigious faculty member
 I should have walked out of this movie 30 minutes into the show. I am amazed at the level of "cookie-cutter sentimentality and plot ploys that were contrived to produce this movie. The dialogue was so lame I found myself audibly snorting in disbelief. And what about Jennifer Connelly? Was that acting? Rusell Crowe did a two-star job under horrible, flat directing. A Beautiful Mind insults all of our original and good instincts. What a piece of garbage!!
 I heard that this was a great movie, so I decided to rent it.  I was very disappointed with the movie.  Most of the time, I couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't.  I definitely would not recomment this movie to anyone.
 I never liked this guy. He was never interesting. I thought he was less intelegent than his peers. As for the Movie...... I love Ron Howard but this one was a Dead film....  I watched it again
 This was probably the most confusing (& boring) movie I've tried to watch in a long time.  The critics gave it such rave reviews that I should have known it would be a real snore!
 I absolutely, 150% HATED this movie!...  After getting so many great reviews and winning 4 Oscars, I was excited to see this movie.  What a disappointment it turned out to be! The acting wasn't terrible on the actors and actresses part, but the whole plot was horrific! I can't believe this movie got such great reviews! ... It's such a shame such an amazing and inspiring story was put to pieces.
 this movie confused the hell out of me, probably because i read the book (excellent).  unfortunately terribly inaccurate and unnecessarily sentimental fluff in hollywood = garner awards and praise  that blonde in the bar scene is just awful and a completely incorrect notion of a nash equilibrium.
 I couldn't relate to or appreciate this movie.  Actors seem unworldly and certainly like no one I ever knew.
 Many a source material have lent themselves quite admirably to the cinematic arts. Think of any successful page-to-screen translation (it'll come to you). Sadly, however, this adaptation of the book of the same name could only leave the viewer wanting rather than entertained or enthralled. Whether it was the leaden pace, the stilted, almost comical dialogue or the complete absence of any discernible direction I cannot say with any degree of certainty, having neither the desire nor the $3.50 to rent this movie. However, I can state with some assurance that as an individual who has experienced far more than his fair share of emotional, physical and financial disappointment that this film, like almost everything that has transpired in my life, would undoubtedly fall far short of even my meager, ever dwindling expections....
 I never had the fortune or misfortune to watch this movie because it won't play and I can't contact the seller.
 I can handle a B-movie horror flick, own 100's of them. this is the absolute worst of the series!
 I bought this almost a year ago at Wal-mart because the front cover says
 This was another waste of $14+.  The acting was fair, but the story was weak and disjointed.  This is yet another in a long line of failures in the "AfterDark Horrorfest.  If you absolutely MUST watch this DVD, rent it.  Don't buy it.  Really.  It's not worth keeping.
 I was in the video store today looking for a good horror movie. My mom suggested Mulberry Street. On the front it said, "A Zombie film that breaks the mold. I like Zombie movies and I happen to like a FEW of the After Dark Horror Fest Movies. So as I'm sitting here watching it, I start falling asleep. It start's off very slow and picks up about half way in the middle of the movie. It has NOTHING to do with Zombies what so ever. So people are bitten by rats and become rat people not zombies. What a waste of money but I'm happy that I didn't buy this [...]. If you like stupid horror movies then watch it [I happen to love cheesy horror movies but this was [...]] other wise, don't waste your time.
 This Movie Was Awful!Its like a remake of the graveyard shift. I was not scared one bit total BS! Do not buy this unless Rats scare you.
 the other reviewers gave away the story so these people did see the movie, ratings are unbelievable. system wont allow zero stars. this is pure garbage. slowly builds to the most stupid zombie type plot. 28 days-ish but for a kindergarten film class.
 Seems like this plot has been re-written a million times.  Great movie to show for a troubled school when a teacher doesn't show up.
 Stay far away from this movie.  Looks like it was shot for 50 cents.  Boring, hard to get past first 10 minutes!
 this movie was terrible.  i want my 1.30 back.  the writing is just ridiculous, unbelievable on all accounts. no wonder it grossed 30 dollars.  how anyone could give this movie 5 stars is beyond me.
 I watched this movie and it's crapy,crapy and you will never get the 1 hour and 25 mins.back from your life so please don't buy it if anything rent it like I did and save money and for me its not good at all....
 The worst movie I ever experienced. Lousy on all counts.. Hated it! I would not recommend and so disappointing even the ending was hokey. My husband fell asleep. Wish I had not ordered this one, when there are much better acting and movies that have real content. The ending even sucked, although could not wait for it to be over.
 No knocks on the two movies-- they're both worth seeing.  The issue here is the product itself. This MADACY gray box series is of the lowest possible quality. Their SLP dubs track poorly and have degraded video of unrestored public domain stock.  Truth is, at that snail's pace speed they could've fit three or four films on a single VHS instead of issuing this double dose space-waster.  Best advice to anyone still purchasing videotape
 I was FORCED to give at least 1 star.  I would have given a 0 or asked for one back... I have three different versions of Africa Screams and this is by far the worst transfer I've ever seen.  Goodtimes Home Video has Africa Screams on DVD (6.99 @ Wal-Mart) and looks as good as anything Universal has ever put out for A&amp;C. Sound and video on these DVD's are worse than the VCD I picked up on EBay for 5 bucks.   This is the third DVD I have from MADACY and they are ALL very poor quality.  The video tapes would look much better.  This is a waste of money at any price.  Others companies (Goodtimes Home Video and Platinum) have the same movies.  I suggest those.
 Madacy has done it again...taken what could have been decent DVD's and turned them into trash. The video transfer from film is very poor, but the worst is the audio. Madacy has a history of producing low-cost low-quality  legacy DVD's, just look at other reviews of Madacy titles (check out  Charlie Chaplin DVD's). This is a shame because younger folks who've never  seen these classics may walk away with the wrong impression. If you really  want these titles get this one, it looks cheaper than ASIN B00000IC8F  (which has the same titles &amp; release dates).  But Caveat Emptor folks.
 Madacy has done it again...taken what could have been decent DVD's and turned them into trash.  The video transfer from film is very poor, but the worst is the audio.  Madacy has a history of producing low-cost low-quality  legacy DVD's, just look at other reviews of Madacy titles (check out  Charlie Chaplin DVD's).  This is a shame because younger folks who've never  seen these classics may walk away with the wrong impression.
 if i could give this 0 stars, nothing could get this to play. the audio stunk. the video stunk even more. not worth any price. if anyone knows a way to get a version of this that is watchable, feel free to point it out in your review.
 I have just received my copy of Africa Screams/Jack and the Beanstalk and I'm seriously considering returning it. In this day of computer enhancements and digital restorations why does this transfer look like it was done by a blind, deft Saint Bernard. I have over three hundred DVD's to date in my collection and I have never seen a transfer this bad. It appears to have been copied from a third generation VHS tape originally recorded at SLP speed. The scratches, dropouts' lack of contrast and poor sound quality makes this DVD a waste of money. The color in Jack in the Beanstalk continually shifts and bleeds through each scene and the black and white sequences also shift from B&amp;W to blue at scene changes. Add to that the same scratches and lack of picture quality as Africa Screams gives you two inexcusably bad copies for the price of one. I for one, will not purchase any more transfers from MADACY in Canada
 I LOVE these Peanuts animations, but the sound is terrible. The thing that glues all the Charlie Brown features together is the Vince Guaraldi soundtracks, which are the third dimension to all the Peanuts specials -- and are arguably better than the animation itself. Alas, in all these "remastered and unremastered DVD versions of the Peanuts classics, whoever mastered them was no musician
 Jimmy Stewart playing a harmonica? Maybe in l941 America had its mind on the war and movies, like this one, were very loosely put together. Paulette Goddard plays her usual kinda dingy part. It is interesting to see Horace  Heidt's band again. A young Art Carney is spotted in this not-so-unusual  plot of struggling musicians, love on the fly, rushing here and there to  make the auditions and play dates. You wonder how hunger these actors were  to play in this movie or was it made on furlough for the folks at home.
 Jimmy Stewart playing a harmonica? Maybe in l941 America had its mind on the war and movies, like this one, were very loosely put together. Paulette Goddard plays her usual kinda dingy part. It is interesting to see Horace  Heidt's band again. A young Art Carney is spotted in this not-so-unusual  plot of struggling musicians, love on the fly, rushing here and there to  make the auditions and play dates. You wonder how hunger these actors were  to play in this movie or was it made on furlough for the folks at home.
 I cannot believe I just paid $1.99 to rent this. I thought it was going to be a movie. It is misleading. All it is, is an author trying to promote his book. he told a couple of ghost stories, and just talked about his book mostly. To be honest, i had to check to make sure this wasn't a trailer for a movie, but it was supposed to be a movie. I wish I could get my money back. I cannot even imagine why they would charge $25.00 to buy this. Maybe if it were an actual movie, but it wasn't even slightly remotely a movie, just some guy saying over and over to buy his book. Unbelievable. I just got ripped off.
 Look, I say this a lot when I give something a one star review- I don't just give out this rating. To get one star, a movie has to legitimately make me mad, and Bereavement did just that in a number of ways. This feels like a Sci-Fi channel original movie that got a slightly better than average budget, and some good looking ladies. Apart from that, there's NOTHING positive I can say about Bereavement. Sure, it breaks a few rules of horror movies here and there, and how everything comes to a close towards the end isn't how most would expect, but that doesn't make it good by any means. Apparently this is a prequel to Malevolence, a movie that rarely got checked out when I worked at a movie store, and I'm definitely not in any hurry to see that one now.  The movie starts out with a young boy named Martin being abducted from his own backyard by a plain looking man, as his [easy on the eyes] mom interviews a potential nanny. He's taken to a slaughter house where the man takes young girls and kills them. Cut to a few years later and we meet the main character, Allison, who has moved from Chicago to the country with her uncle, aunt and niece because her parents died. She's still affected by the loss, and doesn't say much...until she meets a young man that tends to her wounds when she trips during jogging. Her uncle doesn't care for this kid and wants Allison to stay away from him. At the same time, girls are being taken away and brought to the slaughter house where the killer shows Martin his ways so he can follow in his footsteps. Martin hasn't broken free because he has a condition that makes him neutral to everything, and he doesn't feel physical pain either. One day, Allison sees Martin in the abandoned slaughter house as she passes by, and decides to see what's going on. I'm sure you know how that'll turn out.  I don't even know where to begin with my problems, so let me get the good things out of the way first. Yes I'm going to sound like a typical guy here, but good god were the two main actresses hot. Kathryn Meisle as Allison's aunt looked great in every scene she was in. And it was obvious that the director knew what he was doing during Alexandra Daddario's exercise scenes if you know what I mean. She was literally the one thing that held my interest during the movie. Other than that, the movie definitely had more of a budget than it deserved, so a lot of wounds looked fairly decent.  From what the plot summaries on various sites have said, I was expecting this to be a difficult to watch movie, but for different reasons than I ended up with. The cover alone showing a stranger with a young boy is always uncomfortable, and parents will always react stronger to situations like that. The movie starts out with the abduction, and was done well, but then it turns into a basic slasher movie that follows a pattern to the point where I was saying to myself 'here comes the next torture bit' and was right every time. It's hard to get why the antagonist is doing what he's doing too, but it ends up being comical at one point. Either he's crazy, possessed or trying to make up for something that happened a long time ago, or maybe it's all of the above. Who knows? It's never explained. The guy talks to steer skulls he has propped up on walls and other monuments around his home, and there's something covered up in a bed that he talks to. I was hoping that he'd pull the sheets back and reveal an animatronic cow talking to him. That would've made the movie a little more interesting. All of the characters are bland too, and are just there to get the job done in one way or another. I didn't care about any of them aside from Allison and her aunt for the reasons stated above. Characters die in the standard horror movie ways- gunshots, being hit over the head over and over, knives, axes, you name it. And yet you don't get to see a whole lot of it. The gore freaks out there will be disappointed knowing that even something like Children of the Corn showed more than this. Another point to bring up is how the killer is getting away with this for so long when it takes place in such a small town. He keeps a scrapbook of articles and notes about his victims, and it's clear he's been doing this for a long time, so how has no one caught him yet? There's a lot more to talk about but I don't want to ruin the 'shocking ending' for anyone. Let's just put it this way- it's certainly a 'wait...what??' moment, but more in the sense that you don't get why it happened. If you want an ending that really will shock you, watch Oldboy or I Saw the Devil. Bereavement's ending didn't do anything but have me asking 'seriously, you guys went that route?'.  The picture and audio quality were better than the movie itself, and I was grateful for that during key scenes involving Allison. Have I made it clear how much easier she made watching this movie? I didn't see any grain or other problems with the picture, and there were times when I was turning the sound down because the screams got so loud. All in all, no complaints here. Special features include a commentary track and deleted scenes...but they didn't work for me! When I'd select them, nothing happened. This is probably just an error with my disc, but it was good to see that they put something on here. If I had been able to see anything, I probably would've given the dvd a 2 out of 5 instead.  This is the kind of movie that makes me shake my head in shame at what's considered 'horror' these days, and then again at how many people praise something like this. Is it a generation thing? I'm just 26, and not one of those people that says all old horror movies are better than modern ones, but Bereavement isn't helping fight that argument in modern horror's favor. Maybe kids in their mid-teens will get more out of this one, or just people who like anything with blood. I almost want to boost the rating to 2 stars because of the leading ladies and the fact that they did at least put some special features on here, but that's no better than people praising this movie for it's obscenely lame ending and giving it 5 stars because of that.
 Movies should have some creative storytelling and not just use the crutch of retelling of the same plot for the umpteenth time. Proof
 "Bereavement is supposedly the chilling prequel to "Malevolence, another supposedly chilling film.  However, after watching this dud, I have no plans on giving "Malevolence a look.  "Bereavement tells two stories at once.  Firstly, it gives us a look at the horrific childhood of Martin Bristol (Spencer List), who suffers from a condition that prevents him from feeling heat, cold, pain, etc.  He is kidnapped as a toddler by Graham Sutter (Brett Rickaby), a serial killer who has the same condition.  Sutter forces little Martin to witness and sometimes participate in the brutal murder of innocent and seemingly random women as Sutter tries to understand their pain.  The second story in this film is that of Allison Miller (Alexandra Daddario).  She moves from busy Chicago to the rural home of her uncle, Jonathan (Michael Biehn), and his family after her parents pass away.  As is always the case in movies, she is having a bit of trouble adjusting to her new home, but finds solace in her daily runs that pass in front of an abandoned slaughterhouse that is conveniently the home of Graham and Martin and their growing body count of dead girls.  The two stories come together when Allison notices Martin looking out of a window at the slaughterhouse and she decides to find out what is going on with the mysterious little boy.  Blood, guts, and gore ensue.  The film is nothing more than an excuse for the FX guys to chunk fake blood at the screen and the actors, for the director to attempt to gross you out with said fake blood, and for the actors to scream their heads off (every female in the movie) or passively go through the motions (Biehn).  I enjoy Biehn's work usually (especially in "Tombstone"), but he looked as if he didn't even want to be on set for the duration of the film.  Spencer List did little more than have a questioning look on his face the entire time.  Rickaby pulled off psycho fairly good, but wasn't enough to save the film.  Allison's love interest, William (Nolan Gerard Funk), did a decent job as well.  The victims over-acted as much as possible to sell how terrible their situation was.  Daddario gave a very thin performance, and in true virginal beauty Hollywood  fashion, wore a shirt that was just as thin.  While she was quite nice to look at, her performance was nothing to brag about.  Overall, "Bereavement will most likely appeal to fans of hack trash like "Saw and "Hostel, but it will never add much to an already bloated genre of weak films.  Not recommended.
 This movie is on the same sick level as the "Saw movie series.... bloody, cold, violent and sick.  I actually had a hard time watching it but wanted to see it through to the end so I could properly review it.  I know there are those who enjoy watching this kind of movie, but it just isn't something I can recommend.  This movie shows the brutal killing of numerous innocent victims over many years.  The torture and fear the victims endured were equally sickening.  I would urge everyone to avoid this senseless, sick movie.  Whereas it may depict some degenerate part of our society I don't think we need to memorialize it on DVD.
 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I make it a point of watching low budget b movies.  I expected a bad movie, lousy dialogue, bad acting.  But this was just an excuse to show the torture of young women.  A good horror movie, does a little more than just show degradation.  No suspense, no tense moments.  Obvious ending.  I can't believe I wasted time watching this drivel.
 I wanted to like this, because I love a good scare, I love blood and gore and I love violence in movies. Not all of the time, but some of the time. I mean, how can you be scared without violence and blood and gore. Well, you can be. Alfred Hitchcock could do it.  But this movie I couldn't watch. Once you start bringing the horror to children like they do here, I turn off. Women too, the scenes weren't necessary. I'll say it again, I couldn't watch this.
 Bereavement is the prequel to Mena's 2007 Malevolence. This movie shows the kidnapping of Martin Bristol, a six year old who cannot feel pain. A demented serial killer with the same condition takes him to make him an apprentice to his butchery of women. The movie progresses showing the child over the next few years as he witnesses and helps clean up after the slaughter of women in a former slaughterhouse. Allison, who loses her parents, comes to live with her uncle who is played by Michael Biehn and is soon drawn into the twisted world of the killer.  That is what the plot is supposed to be. What the movie is happens to be a mess of creative leaps with more holes than the most perforated swiss cheese.  SPOILERS BELOW!!! WARNING!  For example, the killer kidnaps Martin because Martin has the same disease. How does the killer know? Also, this takes place in a very small town. VERY SMALL. Yet, this killer has attacked and butchered dozens of women over the years, including two from this tiny town just in the few months of this movie. I have lived in a town this small. People would know. I promise. Also, the town creep in a small town is the first person a sheriff would shake down should something weird happen. A man takes a shotgun blast from a long distance and is dead instantly. The chances of this happening are very, very small. At every turn, Writer/Director Mena asks you to suspend belief, but you can only suspend yourself for so long before you fall.  Not even Michael Biehn can save this movie. His character is wooden and not very likeable, as his former Kyle Reese or Cpl. Hicks. In this, he mainly complains about the `no good' kid his niece wants to date. I hate seeing him relegated to the roll of grumpy old man.  If you like torture porn just for the torture, I guess there are a few scenes in here for you. But if you want a few incidentals like story, plot, and likeable characters, then get far, far away from this film.
 Don't listen to the people who go on and on about how sick and violent this movie is- if you pick it up on that basis, you're going to be disappointed. There's no actual torture here and no real gore. Just a bunch of standard stabbings and shootings with some blood splatter. The deaths are quick- this is NOT a torture movie. The kills are uncreative- just plain old stabbings mostly. You won't actually see much of the violence, either- the camera usually either cuts away and shows us blood splatter, or you just see darkened figures with no detail when the murders go down.  Low gore and uncreative kills can be saved by compelling characters or an interesting plot, but this movie has neither of those things. The plot is muddled and confusing. You think this movie will explain the fascinating psychology of a killer, but for the most part, it doesn't. The movie drags on and on, dull minute after dull minute, rarely revealing any new insights into the killers.  *SPOILERS*  The main killer is a crazy guy who thinks that steer heads and/or the body of his dead father and/or some scarecrow-like thing are ordering him to kill. He spends a lot of time screaming incoherent nonsense at these objects, which gets old fast. The source of his psychosis never becomes completely clear, but near the very end of the movie, the guy explains that he's killing humans to redeem himself for the fact that his father (who was a butcher) forced him to slaughter animals that trusted him. Um, OK? That still doesn't make a lot of sense.  The motives of the kidnapped boy, Martin, are even less clear. After living with the killer for 5 years, Martin still seems disturbed by the killings and even releases one girl at her request. Yet only days later, he's willingly leading a girl to her death and ignoring her cries for help. By the next day, he's already decided to start his own killing spree, despite the fact that he's been rescued from the kidnapper by that point. This sudden change in behavior is never explained at all. At one point, there's a classroom scene about "nature vs nurture where a teacher says that a child raised in a hateful environment will become a carbon copy of the parents. So basically the explanation is just that this kid grew up with a killer and therefore became a killer himself? If the explanation is that simplistic, I can't fathom why we needed a 90 minute movie to explain it. And it still doesn't explain the kid's sudden change in attitude.  Martin could have been an interesting character. He has a disorder that causes him to be unable to feel physical pain. I thought maybe the killer would kidnap him, unaware of his disorder, and then torture him in a bunch of crazy ways, which Martin would be unaffected by due to his disorder, and which would either fascinate or frustrate the killer. But this most definitely does NOT happen. The killer is apparently somehow already aware of Martin's disorder, and he has no real interest in torturing him- he cuts him a couple times, but for the most part he hugs him and treats him as a son and an apprentice. So much less interesting than it could have been.  None of the other characters are particularly interesting or well-developed and they all just end up as victim fodder anyways. Also, it was hard to believe that this guy could kill so many local girls in a small town without arousing suspicions at all.  If you watch this because you want some creative kills, torture, and extreme gore, you'll be disappointed. If you watch it because you want a psychological thriller with an interesting storyline and characters and insights into the mind of a killer, you'll also be disappointed. There's really nothing here for anyone.
 I've just finished watching this HORRIBLE so called horror film. Please avoid this movie at all cost! I've been a horror fan for years and have never been compelled to leave a review until today. I know this is a prequel, i did not watch "MALEVOLENCE". After seeing this garbage, I never will. This is like ever other torture movie ever made
 Just when you think the horror industry cannot possibly find a way to release a more grotesque torture film, they do it. This is in no way creative, scary, or imaginitive. Just a high body count, and people being needlessly butchered. The film does not connect to the audience in any way, the story is boring, and everyone gets slaughtered when they are in helpless positions. Nobody even attempts to fight back, thus there is no suspense. Back in 1999, Stir Of Echoes, Blair With Project, Sixth Sense were all released in the same summer. Oh how the genre has fallen since that time.  On a bright note, films like this one, "Open House, and "Funny Games are actually SO bad that it might convince producers to stop making these types of movies....but as long as people keep forking over money to see them, they will be made. Don't pay to watch this!
 SICK ! DONT WATCH THIS MOVIE. SICKEST OF THE SICKEST. FRED KRUEGER SEEMS LIKE A DISNEY CARTOON COMPARED TO THIS SENSELESS BLOODSHED. ONLY A SICK MIND CAN CREAT SUCH A HORROR. THE DEVIL MUST LOVE THIS MOVIE SINCE ONLY EVIL PREVAILS IN IT.
 Horror is one thing and I love horror movies.  But gore for its own sake is not even scary....it's simply sickening. There are no words awful enough to describe this nasty, evil, senseless, bloody piece of gore!!!!!!  What a sorry excuse for horror.  And shame on the parents who let their children act in this movie!!!!!! I only give it one star because there is no choice to give it zero stars which is what it deserves!!!!!!!
 This is a hack and slash movie that drones on endlessly in gory and gruesome detail, but is devoid of clever and compeling plot. The character devlopment is flat, the acting is poor, the script weak. I watched this with my husband and after one particularly bloody scene about an hour into the movie, we looked at each other and agreed "enough". Anchor Bay, the production company, appears to specialize in bad horror films. We were 'treated' to approx. 5-6 endless coming attractions that made no sense except to let us know that these movies were going to be horror fests that wouldn't threaten Hitchcock's reputation. The Hitchcock wannabe who was responsible for this disaster was named Stevan Menna. As the title credits aired, we  found out he was the producer, the direcror, writer, and composer. Maybe he did more, but those are the memorable titles. The plot was seemingly a composite of a lot of movies and true crimes. Think of 'The Changeling' with a heavy dose of serial killer Ed Gein thrown into this mix. I don't know if this movie got better as it droned on, but at the point I left I didn't care. A good movie should get its viewer involved, but this didn't.
 Why Did I Get Married too? More like Why did I waste $[...] watching this crap? The real title should be
 I give this movie 1 star it would have gotten half a star but that is not an option.  Tyler Perry's first problem was relying on Janet Jackson to carry the film. She is not the greatest actress in the world and I understand that her brother Michael Jackson died while she made this movie, but still shouldn't have relied on her. Her performance was better in this film than the previous but not by much. In the first film each couple had equal problems and shared equal screen time developing what caused the problems in their marriages. In this film only Patricia/Gavin and Angela/Marcus stories were really developed. The other two couples Troy/Sheila/Mike & Diane/Terry fell flat and not developed like the other two couples.  Angela & Marcus
 At the end of this movie Janet Jackson's character drives her soon to be ex-husband to his death and winds up grinning at the end of the movie as she gazes upon her next sexual prospect. This movie ended like a horror movie. It is a terrible example for any Black women who might be watching. That kind of aggressive, sadistic behavior is what you might read in the news, not in a romantic comedy or drama or whatever this melodrama was supposed to be.   I hope Black women do not watch this movie and think this movie ending was okay because it was quite sinister. The Black men also seem unusually weak while the Black women appear dominant. No man really wants a loud mouthed, dominant woman, no matter what Tyler Perry says. This movie gave me nightmares.
 After watching I can do bad all by myself, I never thought things could get worse but I stand corrected.  Next came the sequel to 'Why did I get married'.  Admittedly, I loved the first movie so I was looking forward to seeing the second and boy was I disappointed.  Key things
 During this film I sat there and began to wonder if TP actually thinks ALL women are like this.  This film really gives African American womem a bad look, NO we are not all loud and bitchy and complaining and upset with our men, being insecure about them. After seeing this film I then looked back at the other movies he made and it seems all the ladies in them have these big hangups and issues about themselves, they enver been loved, then been abused or mistreated or in a previous relationship with some dude who didnt treat them right so now they are just mean to every man that approaches them.  But at the end of the flick he may throw in a Bible verse and all should be well.  When does the movie come out about a happy couple that gets along and makes each other laugh and have some fun.  Relationships are hard and if you want it to work you have to work hard at it.  If not, then leave.  There should be no yelling and cussing and screaming.  I mean grow up already!  Where is the positive, where is the love, I dont see any here, just people not communicating, not supporting each other, accusing each other of stupid stuff and then one big happy ending.  I may have to re-think his films from now on if they re all going to be like this.  In the black community sure we have our issues but not every damn one is like this, some of us are actually happy.
 If you
 Just finished watching it and I was so disappointed.  Too much negative drama. I expected it to have more funny moments and less over the top drama.  The ending was SO DISAPPOINTING!
 Feeble attempt to rip off the first movie. Do not waste your time or money unless you like watching mean-spirited, bitter films.
 I am all for an all black cast, but don't undermine my intelligence by trying feed me crap.  The comedy was non existent, and the drama was horrible.  TP is good, but he missed the boat on this one!  I saw it at the $3 dollar theater 2 weeks after it's release, and even at $3, I think I spent too much!  All my girlfriends who saw it agree.  TP tried to do wayyyyyy to much on this film!
 This movie seemed rushed and so unlike Tyler Perry.  It is truly my least favorite of all of his movies.  I almost walked out of the theater...to me, it was just that bad and there is NO comparing this movie to "Why Did I Get Married". There was no need for a sequel if it was going to be so terrible.
 The plot was totally unrealistic.  What a waste of time.  TP, please don't make a third edition.  A lot of beautiful black people but there was no real character development.  Would not recommend this film.
 The first installment in this series was decent enough to spark my interest in checking out the sequel. Unfortunately, Why Did I Get Married Too was a sub-par attempt to reprise Perry's previous venture in couples therapy. There were a few redeemable aspects of the movie, namely, some of the characters have been further developed. The new aspects of their relationship dynamics made it interesting to see how their lives have changed. Also appreciated are the moments of bare sincerity in the dialogue. There are a few scenes where a husband and wife could be seen having a believable, vulnerable discussion about the impact of individual choices on their relationship without the bravado of over-the-top displays.  Sadly, any redeemable parts of this film were heavily flanked in overwrought dramatic scenes in an effort to create meaningful turning points, and mostly uncomfortable attempts at humor. It's as if Perry thought that hearty laughter from the characters in the more comedic scenes would somehow make the scene funnier; the mission was not accomplished. Also, Perry decided to have the movie be more dependent on Janet Jackson's character as the center pin of the plot, which is an unfortunate shift because she simply doesn't have the skills to deliver. While she is more highly emotive throughout this film, she isn't believable. It just left you feeling uncomfortable watching it happen. To make matters worst, the scene transitions felt abrupt, like you were being yanked by the collar from one end of a room to another.  On a more pitiful note, there were several lines and scenes that were way too close to those from the movies Boomerang, Soul Food, and Unfaithful. It's one thing to have a trite storyline; it's a whole other issue when scenes are taken from other movies and executed so similarly to the original that the forerunner immediately comes to the viewer's mind. This kind of poorly-done mimicry leaves you feeling duped by and embarrassed for the person attempting it. The worst part was the ending, which felt rushed and forced. Perry is certainly invested in happy endings, but this was insulting to the characters and the viewers.  Overall, the only reason I continued to watch the movie was not because it was in any way worth it, but because I have a sometimes silly desire to finish what I've started. I hope that Perry soon decides to employ screenwriters to broaden the scope of what seems to be a one-man show and production because movie scriptwriting requires a level of skill that he has not yet polished.
 Sorry to say I have no idea how this movie is since it is restricted to DVD area 1 and we live in area 2. Pitty beceause we would have loved to see what we paid for.
 only played to chapter 4 and Amazon had to refund me.. booohohoooo. will not buy from them again. did not even respond to my email
 FOR 35 YEARS I HAVE CONSISTENTLY RANKED THIS AS ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES EVER MADE.  HAVING SAID THIS, THE VOICES USED TO REPLACE THE ITALIAN AND SPARE THE SUBTITLES STRIP THIS FILM OF ITS BEAUTY RESULTING IN A JUXTAPOSE REMINISCENT OF "WHAT'S UP TIGERLILY? OR A REVERSAL OF THE PLOTLINE IN "SINGING IN THE RAIN".  GREAT FOR A COMEDY, BUT I DOUBT IT WAS INTENDED BY THE PRODUCERS OF THIS IMMENSE FILM.
 I must have watched a different film than the below reviewers.  I couldn't even get to the end it seemed so disconnected.  When you have to read the jacket cover to figure out what is going on...something is really wrong.  Maybe you have to be a professor to understand this movie but I found it worthless.
 I am so embarrassed to say that I saw this movie. While I admit that there were some funny scenes, overall it was an overly disgusting gross-out. Worse than any other I've ever seen.  Actually, this movie turned me off of gross-out comedies forever. Maybe my IQ isn't low enough to find cruel jokes aimed at gays and the mentally disabled funny. As a 19 year old female I found it to be quite demeaning towards women, but what should I have really expected? As for the people who happily comsume this inane drivel, keep it. I used to love to read, maybe now's a good time to get back to that. Bottom line
 I found this movie to be rather disturbing in its portrait of people in general.  The careless actions of the actors in this movie are some of the contributing factors to the labels that not only African Americans are trying to break free from, but teenagers in general suffer from these sterotypes also.  It is a shame when a movie as sensless as this one was is at the top of society's list of favorites. If this is what people find entertaining then we need to stop complaining the problems in America because we are our own worst enemy!
 This movie was boarderline unwatchable. I'm not one of those people who thinks that stupid equates to funny. I never laughed once at this movie, except maybe when the masked guy calls and says "whassup!?!", but I saw that in the ads anyway.  This isn't the case of people not liking a movie becase it was "too cutting edge or some stupid [stuff] like that. I laughed myself silly at "Something About Mary", "Road Trip", and the "American Pie movies. I love "Airplane! and those other spoofs. But this was not funny! This was just useless [junk]. It was exactly what a couple of 14 year old kids would write if they were ever given the opportunity to write a movie.  It takes a tremendous ammount of talent and intellegence to make a funny "stupid movie. This is NOT one of those movies. It tries to make up for it's shorcomings by being shocking and gross. It fails miserably, however. It's gross just for the sake of being gross. There's no humor at all in anything that happens. This is the height of useless, gratuitous, garbage. I feel like I wasted 2 prescious hours of my life watching this. Please don't make the same mistake I did.
 I kept waiting. Waiting to laugh. After all, this was supposed to be slapstick. Comedy, right? The only reason that I didn't walk out is because I kept hearing how funny it was. I kept waiting. The laugh never came. My sister and I looked at each other and shook our heads when the credits started rolling.  Was it the worst movie I've ever seen? Possibly. Definitely one of the most disappointing.  And don't you dare say I don't have a sense of humor. I loved the  Naked Gun  series, the  Airplane!  films,  Top Secret.  I'm a big fan of Mike Judge (Beavis &amp; Butt-Head, King Of The Hill, Office Space), and of Comedy Central's South Park series. Take a good look at my DVD List (my  home page  link.) You'll find plenty of comedies there that I'd recommend seeing, and then seeing again and again before renting  Scary Movie.   Simply said,  Scary Movie  was awful.  Who would enjoy it? Hmm. I don't think I want to know. Seems hypocritical of me to bash someone who might like this film, when I enjoy watching  Jackass  on MTV. I just felt like the writers (that's an insult to writers everywhere) of  Scary Movie  must've gone to a 4th grade class during their recess, got some ideas from them, and then decided to let them write the movie over the next 4 years...
 Let me give a pure, simple, objective evaluation of this movie
 Scary Movie (Keenen Ivory Wayans, 1999)  The tagline to this movie promised  no sequel.  Would that it had been accurate. Maybe I'm just getting too old for this (but then, come to think of it, I had no pateince for mindlessness when I was a teen, either), but I found Scary Movie about as funny as American Pie-- a whole lot of jokes that missed the mark, and those few that found it just didn't appeal to my sense of humor. Besides, why parody a genre of films that's already so mired in self-parody? (zero)
 OK, I'm pretty tolerant of gross entertainment in movies (see my reviews of Road Trip, Me Myself and Irene, and South Park if you don't believe me), TV, books, and music, but Scary Movie is where I draw the line. Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies. Yes, it is a spoof like those kinds of movies, but more extreme. Second, after viewing it, I felt like I needed to take a shower because of all the male-organ jokes and gay references(as a straight male, I cannot take too many of those types of jokes). The other problem I had with this movie is it was pretty much the same three jokes written over and over
 I deplored this waste of a perfectly good idea on such a trashy film. Not only was it completely not funny, aside from a handful of good moments that you have already seen on the commercials and trailers, this film has nothing to offer the person coming in for the cheap laugh, or especially for the person coming for a serious gag. Between the good parts, the rest is basically just homophobic filler and will make you want to vomit if you have half an ounce of good taste. The only thing of lower quality than the movie is the DVD. What junk is this? I rented it and couldn't play it on my player on my TV, I had to go to a buddie's house to watch it, and it sucked. Where is the  hillarious comedy  I was promised? Watching this film made me want to hang myself
 My one star rating is for the flawed DVD disc--not the movie.   Scary Movie  is rather crude and vulgar at times, but you can't help but laugh along with it. I--along with many others--seem to be having the same problems with the DVD.  If you play it through a DVD-rom drive, it usually gets hung up on the FBI warning--then it either crashes the DVD player program or the whole computer itself.  I've tried to play it with and without using the PCFriendly program--neither works.  I'm not sure how well it plays on regular DVD players. I've visited PCFriendly's site and looked for support.  They do acknowledge that there have been problems with the DVD getting stuck on the FBI warning, but they insist that it is only a small number of players and not the DVD itself. I have many, many DVDs and have never experienced a problem with any of the titles--except for  Scary Movie.   I think they just don't want to acknowledge there's a problem and have to risk recalling a bunch of DVDs. Other than all those problems, the film itself is pretty funny.  If anyone has found a solution to these problems, please let us know.
 What a waste of time and money. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie when it reached video and when I did it was a real let down. How this movie made so much money? Well, I do know, there are more idiots in the world than there have ever been. I did laugh a couple of times, but there was too much emphasis on sex, and was pretty gross at times. None of the class and clever thoughts of the Airplane series or the first Naked Gun. The Wayans tried too hard. Nothing was suttle in this movie. They had to push it down your throat to make you think it was funny. Even my girlfriends brother, who laughs at anything, barely laughed more than 2-3 times. Don't touch this one! Leave it on the shelf!
 Why did this movie get so much hype this summer???? It sucked!!! People said this was the best comedy of the summer, what the hell??!! Road Trip was definetly the best comedy. Scary Movie was nasty and stupid. There was only a few funny parts but not many. I think it should have been rated NC-17. It contained a lot of un-necessasry cursing and nudity. Don't waste your time and money of this terrible movie!
 How could the makers of this film get away with this trash?  The humor is sophomoric and at times disgusting.  The film makers rely on terrible gross out gags for laughs with terrible results.  I can not stand this film. Nobody should be forced to sit through this landfill.
 tedious, regurgitating half digested bits of existing horror movies, this is strictly for morons
 I rated this movie a long time ago.  I don't know what I was thinking when I gave this movie 4 stars.  When I look back I can't believe I liked this movie.  Now when I see it I hate this movie.  I have to re-rate it.  This movie is a piece of trash and is very immature.  A five-year old could write a better script.  It is just a typical gross-out comedy that finds any excuse to put a ... on the screen in order to get a shock out of the viewer.  I am sure that many people who watched it then probably feel the same way about it now.  It isn't even very good at spoofing other movies.  I will not go into detail because it is so simple, it makes fun of teen horror movies.  I am also not going into detail because this movie is a piece of trash for those who think they aren't trash.
 I can't see the movie on DVD.  Same problem as others have had.  It starts with the FBE warning and stays there.  You can't get past it.  Only way out is to eject the DVD unseen.  Stupid.  I've tried 4 copies from Blockbuster and Hollywood Video with same results.  I even tried it on my computer DVD and it hangs up. Somethings wrong here. I going to return the DVD and get the VHS.
 Vulgar, stupid, not funny, and lot of toilet humor. Overall
 The first Scary Movie is just 120 minutes of dumb jokes. Some of which are waaaay too offensive for younger viewers. The second movie is a lot different. Its actually funny! I recomend buying part 2, and go to see part 3 next month in theaters.
 The movie is totally great...  I would buy it... if it would work!  Scary Movie has a defect in it that doens't let it play on some DVD players.  I know JVC, Hitachi, and other DVD players are not able to play this movie...  So do some research and call your DVD player company and see if they are having problems with Scary movie as well.  Hopefully the manufacturers of Scary Movie do a recall as many places have removed the DVD from the shelves because of the high return rate.
 It is in my opinion that this movie was horrible. The purpose of it was to make fun of other horror films but they did not do a good job. In fact it was stupid. Who wants to waist 8 dollars on a movie ticket to see people act like characters they have already seen-- no-one. This movie can be summed up in about two words-- a joke! I give this film 1 star because that is the most it deserves.
 This is the dumbest movie I have ever seen. It is Sick, Sick, Sick,.  It makes scream I Know what you Did Last Summer look stupid stupid stupid stupid .  The efects are crap crapy crapy.  The must vile movie series ever made. Am buddy who watches this series, is weird, dumb, or a fool.  Don't watch this six movie ug or its sequels.  This movie sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks.  For the love of horrror it sucks.  I hope the people who directed it go bankrupt.  I rather watch dumb Chukey and day  thant this.
 What a waste. A potentially hillarious idea turned into such a waste of film, and now, DVDs. The flick has its moments, like the  Whassup  Scream guy scene, and a couple of others. The trailer for this movie had everybody laughing hard, but when I saw the movie, I discovered that the parts in the trailer were the only parts of the movie that were funny. Everything else had to do with the male organ, sex, or homosexuality, all crudely portrayed. If you have decent taste and you have seen the comercials, there is no reason for you to buy this trash.
 Terrible movie. Raunchy, disgusting. Not even funny. Save your money.
 This movie had been hyped up in OZ, so automatically I was wary, you see they had also done the advertising overkill on a number of disappointments, like MATRIX and the BLAIR WITCH, so why did I go see it? well a movie buff friend of mine gave this a high rating, so on his recomendation I saw it, (much to my eternal regret! ) Now normally I love anything the talented WAYANS family is involved in, (so I guess that was also another reason why I saw SCARY MOVIE) but in this case I wish I had given this flick a miss!   Why didnt I like this 'spoof'? thats easy IT WASNT FUNNY!  People say AMERICAN PIE was juvenile, given that that movie was about juveniles then it was appropriate, which SCARY MOVIE isnt!  I know this is a spoof, using adults playing useless teeny boppers is part of the joke, and the continual reference to the  slasher flicks is the basis of the film, but really lets look at what theyre are trying to make fun of, C'MON SCREAM is the biggest joke there is!  how can anyone make that movie stupider or funnier than it already is!  Ok Ill conceed, some parts were funny in a crude kinda way like the toilet scene with the the sports jock, but that was a cheap laugh, hardly giving us more than a shocked giggle it was seriously lacking in the HA HA category!  Im all for mindless humour but this movie goes way beyond that! To those who havent seen this movie, DONT!  steer clear of this poor attempt at comedy, now if you want to see some truely funny spoofs go get Blazing Saddles, Airplane, Top Secret, Naked Gun(the first one only) and Galaxy Quest, the difference is amazing!
 If you have the regular DVD, do not buy the Blu-ray. It is the worst Blu-Ray DVD I have seen, there is no high def in this transfer. The picture looks digitalized and I was very disapointed with this purchase, don't waste your money on this one.
 If I could use this DVD for toilet paper, at least it would provide some value to me. Because that is where this movie belongs,  in the toilet . I have never seen a movie that is so filled with insulting and degrading  so called  humor. Parts of it were so bad that I used the fast forward key numerous times. I do not mind R rated movies and I own several that I consider excellent shows. This is not an R rated movie, it should be rated X, but alas they don't have that rating anymore. To anyone who might consider buying this movie, I can give you exact directions to the local landfill where my copy will reside.
 This is one of the worst comedy movies of all time. It seemed like the writers were trying so hard to make it funny, their efforts were way too obvious. It was like the writers were taking a multiple choice test on sophmoric humor. The jokes were not even all that raunchy. I could see that it was funny if you were a) drunk or stoned, b)13 years old, or c)a mental defective. It's better when comedy seems effortless in execution. The Farley Brothers RULE!
 This movie is insulting to people of intelligence everywhere. Not just the horribly rendered jokes, not just the one-note abilities of the Wayans stars (in front of the camera), but in the fact that it tries to pass itself off as being in the tradition of Airplane and The Naked Gun. Gene Siskel once said that sometimes what appears to be stupid is the by product of the efforts of a great number of intelligent people. In short, the cleverness of stupidity as represented by South Park, Beavis and Butthead and Ren and Stimpy. This is none of those things. Which part was funny? The... obsessed boyfriend? The severed head still talking? Every joke is aimed directly at the lowest common denominator. And hey, if that's you, so be it. Oh and lest we forget, the rampant racism and homophobia. The 'pothead losers are funny' message, I could just go on. A movie like this lowers the bar for society.
 Uh yeah it was called SCREAM! So whats the use of parodying a parody? This movie was such a waste, All that gross stuff was unecessary. And how about a CLUE to Hollywood, enough with the gross stuff, its NOT FUNNY! Whatever happened to pure comedy? Stuff that was funny cause it was brilliantly written, and was witty. Go rewatch Liar Liar, or Analyize this. Two movies that didn't lower themselves to the level of trash to be funny. More of that and LESS of these gross out UNFUNNY comedies. If you thought this movie was funny, Get yourselves to Church and Repent! Or go watch Barney, cause that must be your educational level.
 The trailers made the move look absolutely hilarious for one reason
 This one should have been rated R. It's stupid, disgusting and not scary at all. I got to laugh a couple of times and that was it. I value my time at theaters, and movies like this one really upset me.
 There are movies that are funny despite being so crude they can turn your stomach.  The  South Park  film, and  There's Something About Mary,  had lots of big laughs.   Scary Movie,  however, is just tedious.  If you've seen the trailer, you've seen most of the good moments. The biggest problems
 Now we all know at this point that Tom Cruise is a little odd and not exactly a brain trust, so it shouldn't be too surprising that he chose to make this awful piece of trash after becoming a pretty big star. But Bryan Browne? The terrific Aussie actor from FX, A Town Like Alice and Breaker Morant? He must have been desperate for cash. Poor guy - He went back to Australia not too long after participating in this hideous venture.  This movie is both unintentionally hilarious at times, and really just plain bad at others. I saw it at the movies with my husband and we both agreed at the time that it was a real stinker. The script is atrocious and completely unrealistic.  If it smells like a bomb and it looks like a bomb, guess what, it's a bomb!  A big smelly bomb. Only watch Cocktail if you've consumed several cocktails yourself!
 This movie is one of those sublimely awful movies that should be savored line by line, wretched moment by wretched moment.  As truly awful as "Plan 9 From Outer Space.  So awful it's terrifying at first, then mesmerizing, then strangely exhilirating--I mean, can people really conceive of something THIS bad?  The "Best Worst Film of the entire 80s, by a long shot.
 If you don't know what I.Q. is, but if you did, you are sure you could count your's without takeing off more than one shoe ( only if you are sure ) you may enjoy this film.
 As an undergrad I saw this at a free showing on campus and still felt ripped off.  This film had shallow characters, a non-existent plot, and terribly weak acting per dollar required for the stars ( even if it was early in their careers this is the sort of thing that would never have gone to the theaters without a big name to hook to it and if it had been straight to video would have had minimum wage actors, that latter would not have diminished the outcome.)  While the film does touch on some serious human issues, deire for the brass ring, the lure of infidelity, class conflict, ect, it deals with it on a three year old's level of understanding.  Tom goes from being a moronic but ambitious child playing in someone elses sandbox to being a moronic child with his own sandbox and a wife who will flee as soon as she realizes what she has gotten herself into.  Save your brain cells and don't ware out your gag reflex.
 God what a turkey! But it was the 80's afterall.
 Can't remember seeing a movie this bad in, well... ever.  Tom Cruise's Flannagan can't get a job in the biz world, so starts tending bar at what's evidently the world's most swinging TGIF restaurant.  There he meets a shallow, woman-hating bartender named Coughlin who teaches him Coughlin's Laws of How to Treat Women Like Dirt and End Up Pathetic and Alone.  In the end, happily he (Coughlin) dies.  Flanagan, meanwhile, ditches his sweet new girl Elizabeth Shue for some "rich chick (in his lovable words).  Then he gets bored of the rich chick, finds out he got Elizabeth Shue pregnant, gets spooked by aforementioned pregnancy, kicks a stuffy doorman in the buttocks, proposes to nice pregnant girlfriend, finds out it's gonna be twins, almost gets spooked again but doesn't, recites horrible poetry, and finally tops things off by yelling "The bar is open! in a high-pitched puberty-like squeal. Yay for happy endings.
 Whatever were they thinking when they dreamed up this one!? What's next, a movie glorifying busboys??
 Why do so many guys like this movie? Vin Diesal is an awful actor! He thinks that good acting is strutting around flexing his big bulging biceps, knocking guys out to prove how big and bad he is. The stunts in this movie were kind of funny to me. Like how he and Paul Walker manage to survive that fall off that cliff jumping off the hood of the car! And how when the bad guys catch them and cuff them to the ceiling Vin Diesal easily breaks out of the cuffs and pounds the dudes to a pulp! Hmm yeah right? Paul Walker is a great actor but he gets easily overshadowed by big bad Vinny! They shouldve gave him a stronger role. Loved The Rock too! He was able to keep his machismo under control. I cant believe they're making a 6! Stop already!
 I left after half way through this movie. Why is everyone scream and fighting each other in this movie? It was like going into a bad high school or a jail cell. Stealing cars and hiding them? Yah right, I'm pretty sure these low-life characters can get away with that. And what chick wouldn't want to get knocked-up by some guy who steals cars for a living, not to mention constantly getting chased by the authority and the Latino "mafia". This is like the Latino Jersey Shore with fast cars. By the way, you combine Brian O'Conner and the Rock character to get the Vin Diesel character. They were all like cry-babies, always dramatizing the situation, no wonder they couldn't get anywhere in life. 1 star because I cannot give it 0 star. I will put on another star because I like fast car, but take off another star because American cars are ugly. So there you have it 1 star for this lovely movie. Save your money, if you want to see fast cars just Youtube it lol.
 I don't know if this movie is good or bad. As soon as I try to play it on my Playstation 3 it locks it up hard and I'm forced to unplug it to shut it down.  I'm forced to rate this at 1 star for being the only brand new DVD I've ever had that won't work on my PS3. I have also made sure to update my PS3 to the latest version.
 I bought this for a friend who likes movies with no plot beyond car crashes, explosions, bullets flying, and women with long hair.  He loved this movie. Say no more. I watched the movie at his house with Wall-O-Sound or whatever it is that blasts the noise at you loudly from all directions. It is used effectively in this movie. It is overused so frequently that I advised him to check his house foundation after the movie.
 By the end of this movie you will be banging your head against the wall.  Here is a breakdown
 should've saved my five bucks and rented transformers. what a stupid, stupid movie. i expected stupid, but i really expected a little more entertainment. boring and retarded.
 On a serious note I wonder how many viewers caught the irony of the immaculate Christ the Redeemer statue over looking one of the world's largest and worst slums. Anyway, the removing of cars from a train scene was entertaining even if not believable whether it was the quick plasma cutting or the 60mph speeding on a dirt trail with holes that would tear a suspension apart even at 5mph while not being torqued in a variety of directions. Yeah, right. Also, falling into water from that height (jumping from the car makes zero difference - same velocity) into water is like falling on to concrete. They also forgot the air bubbles, debris and oil bubbling up from the car. Also, the towing a massive several ton safe around at high speed was entertaining but about as believable as large headed green aliens. The rest of the storyline and wooden stereotypic acting was a rehashed rerun of the genre. Very sleepy-boring.  For well acted creative storyline I recommend watching KickAss, Sucker Punch or Hanna again, instead.
 One of the worst movies i've seen in years. I wish I could have the time spent being bored by it, returned to my life. Definitely Vin Diesel's worst ever. Don't spend any pesos on this piece of crap.
 I was very disappointed with this DVD. I was very excited to watch the Fast Five but when I opened it nothing was on the disc it was blank. So very disappointed!
 I'm glad I only paid 99 cents for this disaster. The only reason I finished it was to see if it would get worse. It did. Anyone over the age of 12 who gave this movie more than two stars needs to finish middle school and high school or get their G.E.D.
 **spoiler alert.  I wanted to like this, but once again a stupid ending ruined an otherwise ok movie. I was even enjoying it a bit and began to think maybe this will be better than 2 through 4, but in the end when they completely defy the laws of physics and have to cars--that might weigh 3000lbs each--that have a combined HP of maybe 1000hp (if tuned) and have a two inch x ten inch tire patch (times four driving tires) pulling a safe that has to be half a million pounds that was built into a building. Not only do they pull it, somehow their mass is enough to whip it like a water skier behind them and smash it through buildings all while going maybe sixty or seventy mph though a city. There is zero chance any two cars in history could have moved that thing an inch...come on people. Really, I know it's just a movie but this is just stupid.  Just stupid.
 I was perorder the combo packaging, because i like the firm Fast Five. but the Bluray disc sfter enter playmovie was no sounds. I don't want just because $20 than spen my time to return, but this was made me mad.
 After watching this movie and seeing the reviews posted here, I hope for the sake of our country that the studios are paying people to post 5 star reviews. This is the worst movie I have seen in decades. I would go through everything that I found jaw dropping stupid about this movie but I need to begin my healing process and try and forget.
 I preordered this movie on sept 24, they said i won't get it until oct 12. Thats to long, should've went to walmart.
 i haven't seen this movie  but i guarantee it doesn't deserve  a 4 and a half rating so just on that i give it 1 out of 5
 This is not a review of the movie. There are enough reviews already on Amazon to decide if you would like to see the actual movie or not. This is a review on the "Extended Version of this movie. You would have to pay close attention to see where the movie was actually extended. It adds a few frames and  has slight differences that cause the movie to be about 70 seconds longer than the original and only slightly different in some scenes (different angles, etc.). This website shows the differences for each scene---- www (dot) movie-censorship (dot)com/report (dot) php?ID=149783 . It seems to me that the extended version doesn't add much that theatrical version doesn't already have and what is added doesn't seem to make it better.
 There are no logos on the case (like A&E, History Channel, etc) so no one claims to have produced it.  The narrator wasn't identified.  Running time appears to have been overstated.  Low res, low contrast footage that has been seen before.  A small note on the back of the case
 The first 30 minutes of the movie are nearly completely unintelligible.  The camera work and post editing are so fast and disconnected in any discernable manner as to make this mostly unwatchable.  It was like an epileptics worst nightmare.  The story was absurd, the acting terrible, but so much worse was the production.  Avoid.
 You can safely ignore the longer review from the four star reviewer - HE IS THE DIRECTOR of this train wreck and obviously has a financial stake in getting you to watch this. If you are wavering, trying to decide if you will rent this, DON'T. It is shot terribly - horrible angles, terrible lighting, just...atrocious. The dialog and script, plot and pacing - all abysmal. The acting is beyond bad and well and truly into the realm of unwatchable. Even for C-horror (the relatively new genre of shot-on-video-no budget-"backyard productions that are so prevalent in this age of inexpensive video filmmaking), this one is a waste of time in every aspect. You can very safely ignore the four star rating one review chose to bestow on this. You can also safely ignore the somewhat catchy DVD artwork, which admittedly suckered me in. Just do yourself a giant favor and keep looking - there are many good C-horror movies out there (if you enjoy C-horror). This, as they say, ain't it.
 States that will play on DVD, BLU-RAY & PS3!! Does not fit in ps3 slim had to void ps3 warranty to remove disc does not fit in my Philips DVD player or Sony and Samsung blu-ray players!!!!!
 Universal, for some reason, has elected to continue to produce these double sided disks that contains the Blu-ray movie on one side and the DVD on the flip-side. Why is it that Universal cannot follow in Disney's lead and release these movies as two disk sets. Disney has combo disks that contains the Blu ray and DVD version in the same release, but the DVD and Blu ray disks are on separate disks, utilizing single sided disks.  I seriously do NOT recommend this item for purchase.
 Wow. The other reviewer was right. It's just an imitation of OldBoy. A very bad imitation at that. It's one thing to remake a movie but to copy every single scene is ridiculous. The CGI was bad(the knife in the back. Yup they copied that), the action scenes were bad(they copied the narrow hallway scene but in a wider area);I mean seriously. Who put punching noises in a fight scene. What is the 60s-704? Plus, I heard the director off this movie Is notorious for ripping off other movies and claiming that they're original. I love bollywood movies so I was excited to receive this movie but I am highly disappointed. I had to watch the real OldBoy just to get the bad taste out of my mouth. Don't watch this movie.
 I so desperately wanted this to be a great movie.  I have a tremendous appreciation for what are otherwise considered guilty pleasure horror flicks, i.e,. those that are considered absurd by mainstream, but which I otherwise hesitate to admit my appreciation.  Case in point - Killer Pad, Tequila Body Shots, Hallow's End, etc.  In this case, polynesia may be the only thing that approaches my passion for horror flicks.  Hawaii is by far my absolute favorite place, and so wish the polynesian supper clubs (esp. Kahiki) are as popular now as they were in the 50s.  So with this predisposition, I approached this movie not expecting much but really hoping it would have something redeeming.  Nope.  The absurd plot does not save the c**p production quality, terrible acting, blah blah blah.  Avoid, sadly.
 Be careful ordering this it is from the UK and is in a different format than US. I cant watch it on my player.  Be careful!
 I was unaware that there were "Zone issues and I couldn't play a UK DVD in Texas. Should've been a clear warning on the selection and not on the package after I bought it.   And I didn't need suggestions to purchase a universal code player!
 The DVD was riddled with pithy comments by the director who is himself a recovering alcoholic. I found these interuptions most annoying since they drowned out the dialogue of the movie.
 The problem with melodramas about alcoholics is that they have a clarity their subject lack.  In 'The Days Of Wine And Roses', a film that repeats all the errors of its famous predecessor, Wilder's 'The Lost Weekend', the various factors that lead Jack Lemmon, and then his wife Lee Remick, to become alcoholics, are clearly illustrated.  He hates the humiliation and pressure of a job where 'public relations officer' is a synonym for 'pimp', and where he has to hustle and lie to market his boss.  He hates himself, and can't face his wife.  He has a social inferiority complex too - his parents were vaudeville performers, not the ideal background for an ambitious executive.  So he drinks.  Because he can't drink alone, he gets his abstemious wife to join him.  He is demoted, and moves to Texas - due to loneliness and the fear of her husband's violent moods, as well as a terror of disappointing a strict father, and possibly because she was a bright career woman reduced to motherhood, she too souses herself.  Director Blake Edwards' camera is often to be found in a god's eye position looking down on his characters, like a judge, or scientist.  By isolating the causes and effects of alcoholism so clearly, the problem can be located, maybe even treated.  Preachy lectures (about not being preachy) and the obligatory Alcoholics Anonymous scene (whose brief is explained at length, as in a public information film) are prominent.  Because Edwards keeps his distance from the characters, we can only look on at them, removed - any joy they personally get from alcohol is made to seem desperate, grotesque and dangerous to us.  Despite the moody photography, the young(ish) stars and the lounge-jazz soundtrack (drowning in moonriverisms), this is the Issue Picture about Alcoholism Stanley Kramer never made. Normally, accuracy in a film never bothers me - the fewer facts clogging up the narrative the better.  But the filmmakers' decision to elucidate or preach has a direct bearing on the movie.  Genuine alcoholism has no clear, direct cause - people usually drift into it imperceptibly for a variety of insignificant,  but accumulative reasons.  There are rarely easily sign-posted, dramatic, 'Meaningful' moments when all is either lost or salvaged.  We never sense with this film the messiness of alcoholism, the smells, the fluids, the desperation, the bleariness, the staleness, the impotence, the shift in outlook or sensibility.  I'm sure the characters feel all these things, but we're not shown them.  Instead, they get to speak Wilder-like epigrams full of irony, word-play, poetic quotations and cogent self-pity.  Remick's decline is signalled by exchanging poetry for cartoons - chucking Ernest Dowson for Tex Avery displays excellent judgement, and the filmmakers' elitist inability to see this suggests what's wrong with 'Roses'.   At the time, Lemmon was applauded for his unexpected dramatic prowess, but his character here is an extension of the neurotic, white-collar executives worn down by the rat-race he always played.  Both he and Remick, despite their best and sincere efforts, are phony approximations or genteel impersonations of drunkenness.  Charles Bickford as Remick's stern father, with his narrow code of decency and integrity, and complete inability to comprehend such crises of modern life that might lead a younger generation to intoxicate themselves for escape, shames them both.
 I can't review an item you haven't sent me yet.
 First off, I have to say that I love this show. So why the 1 star rating? Because this set is not worth it!! I just bought these items individually at about $12 each!!. These 4 seasons come out to about $17 each. I'm trying to save some people money!
 My grandson LOVES Blue's Clues and I paid and downloaded the first episode of this season, only to find that it couldn't be transferred to a DVD for him to watch - so as far as I'm concerned, Amazon Instant Video is a major rip-off.
 I thought this the MOST BORING  movie of all times!  Gag me!  Two great stars, dull movie.
 I loved Angel Heart.  I ordered the unrated (x) version from a seller who works with Amazon.  I received the R rated version. I then ordered the special edition from amazon directly which stated it was the unrated version.  However, it was also rated R.  It looks like I will have to buy it here locally.  The movie was excellent and I would recommend it to anyone.  If you are going to buy it from either a seller or Amazon, make sure you are getting the correct version.
 This was one of the most ridiculous movies I have ever seen.. The main problem being it takes itself seriously at least Piranha was campy and the effects in piranha were cool,these effects were hilarious in a bad way. they used the same under water CGI shark for almost every scene and when the shark was above water it was like a Muppet. The acting was horrible and I couldn't wait for it to end.There were so many miscues such as people being in 3 feet of water and the shark sneaking up on them yet the shark was supposed to be about 30 feet long and it would be sucking air at that depth. Too many more to even mention.Carmen Electra looked like an idiot trying to be extra sexy throwing back her hair and posing every 5 minutes..She's still beautiful but Really ? It's just plain bad and I like cheesy films.this had no cheese appeal it is an epic FAIL.
 I love the O'Connell brothers and Charlie was the only reason I suffered through this piece of crap movie.I know actors have to make a living and most of them are not in the position to pick and choose too much but Charlie should've passed on this one.Horrible acting by all,dumb script,idiotic special effects,Carmen Electra was a joke and what the hell was the director and photographer thinking?The camera was spinning around so much and jumping from one scene to another that it made me nauseous and had to stop the movie every 5 minutes to look away from the TV and take some deep breaths to avoid throwing up.It literally made me sick to watch it.After 30 minutes I couldn't even take it any more,I just fast forwarded to the end.This movie was a complete waste of time and money.I don't know who paid for this movie to be made and put out on Blu-ray but whoever it is,he can write it off on his tax return as a huge loss.
 I'm a big fan of creature features but this one just plain stunk. Most of the things the characters did in the film didn't make any sense and it seemed as if they were just making it up as they went along unscripted. The shark would show up occasionally to liven it up but not enough to keep interest.Carmen electra's character was ridiculous and she spent her time primping and mugging for the camera to look 'sexy'. I think they told her she was the star of the film or something but she was rarely involved.The rest of the cast never rose above typical victim-of-the-quarter hour status. This was more like one of the new National Lampoon films than a creature feature.
 I don't know what the other reviewers have been watching. Luckily, I searched youtube for some excerpts from this concert before buying it, and it is so painful to watch. Shannon Hoon would be dead shortly after this concert, and the reason is quite obvious when looking at this footage. Shannon looks so stoned he can barely stand. His voice sounds accordingly... Poor guy, I felt so sorry for him. I purchased the "Letters from a porcupine dvd, instead.
 What a terrible DVD. I'm no pessimist, this was recorded horribly. Either Shannon Hoon's voice is awful or the recording was. I suspect it was the latter. I will admit, I'm not a hardcore Blind Melon fan, but I'd downloaded some of their songs like mouth full of cavities et al..and was very impressed. I read the previous reviews and took the gamble of buying the DVD. What a mistake. I also bought Alice in Chains Unplugged which is excellent. If you want to see a grown man wearing makeup and flaling his hands like an octopus while shreeking to the crowd buy this. Otherwise save your money.
 This movie was not what I expected.  I was looking for nostalgia, instead I got different scenes from bugs bunny shows, all of which had nothing to with Easter.  Save your money and do a search on youtube.
 One of the worst zombie films made. As is so often the case with "no budget films, the film makers had some good ideas, but not enough money to pull them off. Might be real instructive for aspiring film makers. I did not hate it, but don't predict you won't.
 I collect many Blue-Ray concerts... This was the worst and gave it away. I was expecting something better considering the reviews on here.. Guess there are a lot more hard core Dave Mathew groupies than I thought.. I have overlooked bad Video/Audio because the artist did a good job.  I would have been upset if I paid to see this..
 Live at Luther College is amazing. Tim Reynolds expanded my awareness of what an acoustic guitar can do in the hands of a genius with exceeding technical skill; his composition "Stream is mindblowing, as are his solos/riffs on songs like Ants Marching and Tripping Billies. So
 I had to splice out about 30 minutes of crowd noise [applause?] and crude comments by Dave to have a listenable disc.  Dave is talented, unfortuately his ego preceeds all his performances like oobleck seeping everywhere.....
 I bought this tape because the search engine brought it up when I asked for "Song Of The South".  It is just a tape of sing-a-long children songs which includes Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah from Song Of The South.  A good tape if that is what you really wanted.
 ...just exactly how will children learn from our mistakes in the past if people censor them as if they never happened?
 This DVD gives no forwarning of the fact that it has lengthy (approx 2 full minutes) of NON-ANIMATED nudity, featuring a nude woman walking around in an animated room ("Tango"). We are not prudes, we're parents, and it should upset any good parent when their kids are ambushed by porn images. I am glad that my wife and I happened to view this DVD before our little ones did. The only segment which seemed worthwhile is "Creature Comforts", which is really funny (but that segment can be had by buying the DVD which goes by that title). We thought all the other segments were boring, flat, or dumb. We sent it back to Amazon(.com).
 I love City Hunter. But the people selling City Hunter 3 and '91 must have learned selling techniques from drug dealers. I was able to buy the first two seasons of City Hunter, which are like - 52 episodes each, mind you - for between 20 and 30 bucks. Now they want over two hundred dollars for a season that's not even half the usual amount of episodes? And I mean I love that show, but that's ridiculous.
 An obnoxious attempt to make a screwball comedy
 I think this movie is truly a fantasy movie for the women who grew up in trailers in this country.  Which guy in the right mind would actually  give up his career that he worked so hard all his life just for some low-class,broke, uneducated woman that ran into his $70,000 car?  On top of that, this movie portrayed this woman to be a "sweet, innocent working class girl from Jersey who is not after his money?  Who are they kidding here?
 This movie was equally demeaning to the actors and the audience.  Start with Working Girl, substitute New jersey for Staten Island, then take away the plot, the character development and just about everything else and you're left with the big hair and a plotless love story.  Jamie Gertz has had much better material to work with and Dylan McDermott's primary mode of expression in this role is a lazy smile.  Give the actor some dialogue! The ending was so contrived that there's no reward for sticking with this movie to the end.  You know how it will turn out just from reading the marquis.
 The early 90s were not kind to Eddie Murphy. Paramount butchered Another 48 Hours in the editing room, audiences turned their noses up at Boomerang, and almost nobody even bothered with The Distinguished Gentleman. Eddie had lost his pulling power and decided to go back to the role that made him a superstar. But 1994 just wasn't the right moment as most of the cast and crew were busy, leaving very little in the way of continuity. Several scripts came and went, and what we finally got was a lame 'Die Hard in a Theme Park' story.  There is a huge list of reasons why BHC3 stinks
 The first two films of this trilogy are great. If you have never seen them, I recommend that you go to your local rental store and rent them. As for this one, it's horrible. This is the worst one to me. I hated the theme park story, or was it just the theme park music that was annoying? Anyway, avoid it.
 "Are you going to work with Eddie Murphy again? Asked to John Landis by someone at the 1992 Fangoria Convention. "I hope not, Landis replied. Now keep in mind this was in reference to them working together in "Coming to America, not this film. I have no idea why they teamed up together again, because the evidence from this film shows they must have really disliked one another even more. Look at this film and then look at "Trading Places, their first collaboration and you can begin to see the differences. I thought with this third "Beverly Hills Cop, Landis was going to support the story adaquately, then for the action scenes show his wild spirit (ala the ending sequences of "Animal House, "American Werewolf, and "Blues Brothers"), and for the comedy, roll two to three cameras and let Eddie play with each scene. If Landis could give Michael Jackson room to do what he wanted in the "Black or White video, why not let Eddie do what he does best instead of forcing his character and us the audience through a bunch of painfully unfunny scenes, terrible acting, and a tv movie look? Sure it looks better on dvd than it did in the theatres, but that is still no excuse for betraying the core of this series. If it had tried to do something different and been successful, this film would be liked much more. The reason why it is so hated is because the film has no pulse or soul--something I never thought possible for John Landis or Eddie Murphy.  Both men are capable of great things but lord have mercy on this film and give everyone their two hours back.
 Now this is one movie that made me want to get up and leave the movie theater! I regret paying my hard earned money to see this badly put out, predictable, boring plot.
 I can honestly say that this was one of the few times I've ever wanted to walk out of a movie in the theater (my friends prevented me from doing so). Eddie Murphy hadn't made a funny movie in quite a while prior to this, and I remember figuring he was due (besides, how could you mess this up?). But I was wrong... the plot is idiotic, the "action scenes are childish, and the only two near-giggles are Bronson Pinchot's art dealer, and maybe Hector Elizondo howling "Turn off that !#$*% song!!". Seriously though, the movie's whole premise - Axel getting all choked up over the murder of his boss, who had spent the first two films reaming him out, is both far-fetched and completely out of line with what the series had been. Worse still is the ... family-style veneer (were they trying to attract 5-year-olds by sending Axel to save cartoon characters in a theme park?) The first two movies got great mileage out of skewering 1980's pop-culture and Beverly Hills excess by dropping a rag-tag player from Detroit in the middle and letting him run circles around them. All of that fun is missing here. Action-comedies can be great fun when done well, because humor and danger tend to bounce well off each other. Unfortunately, this film is utterly devoid of either.
 Part 1 and part 2 were great. Whenever a 3rd part comes out or even a 4th and so on I am always skeptical because they usually suck. This movie was no different. Weak plot, boring as heck and the actors are wastedbecause they werent even given good lines. I own a huge collection od DVDs and I own part1 and part 2 and I wouldnt add part 3 if someonegave it to me for free!
 I was going to write my own review of this but I don't think I can improve on what's already here. The movie simply isn't funny. The Axel Foley character is turned from a clever street wise cop always ahead of everyone into this clutz who can't seem to do anything right. The story is about a couterfiet ring operating out of an amusement park. Somehow one of the bad guys shot Inspector Todd (a waste) back in Detroit and Axel is sent again to Beverly Hills. This is one of those movies where the audience can see who the bad guys are from the beginning so there is no suspense here. We are supposed to wait for Foley to unmask the villains and expose the plot. Instead Foley fumbles through scene after scene of ridiculous situations in which he barely escapes except for plain dumb luck. Herein, Axel foley is a clutz who can't get the upper hand here no matter what and is not funny and in no way compares to the first 2 movies in this series. The whole thing feels clumsy and awkward. Reccommend BHC 1 & 2.
 a truly awful film.  the first is my favourite film and the second, although not as good, still gets regular viewings but this is an insult to movie-watchers.  eddie murphy reputedly turned down the role three times due to the atrocious script and eventually only took the part because of the ludicrous amount of money on offer to him.  the absence of john ashton as the perfect foil for judge reinhold is a travesty and his replacement (who's also the bad guy, whoops sorry, spoiled the film, but don't worry, john landis did that for me) is so see-through it is unbelievable.  i urge you not to buy this film.  the first two?  yes.  if you want eddie murphy stuff, go for coming to america or the 48hrs films (not classics, but better than this).  how anyone could say eddie's best role was in bowfinger (see earlier review) beggars belief.  that's an appalling film as well, and possibly eddie's worst ever role.  the first bhc film is his best, just watch the scene at the buffet meal when he says  tell victor that ramone, the man he met last week, found out he's got herpesemplex 10 so he better get to the clinic before things start falling off on the brother  in a camp voice.  genius.
 My family (ages 77, 70, 50, 18, 16, 14, and 44) really enjoyed the first 2 Beverly Hills movies, however the third one only got thumbs up from grandma. It lacked the freshness of the first 2, and was instead a typical cliched sequel. Boring.
 What they tried to say in this movie they could have said in 5 minutes - not spend 1 hour and try to entertain viewers. The actors clearly have no idea who Biblical Israel is and make plain stupid conclusions about Israel in the end time. I am no beginner in "End Time studies and can appreciate something of value on the subject.  I would like to advise anyone who are into end-time studies to buy the book "Who is Esau-Edom ?". This book is a must read with very well research done by the writer, Charles Weisman. You can buy this book at Amazon.
 over the years this movie has ignorantly used over and over as a tool of evil. there, i said it.  and YES, i absolutely am a christian.  fear is not a tool that should ever be used to love folks into the kingdom.  the idea of the rapture is less than 200 years old, it was a vision made by a young british woman-> most importantly, THE RAPTURE IS NOT BIBLICAL !!!!!!  this is a weird fear based agenda that has no place in the kingdom.
 Yes, I know, I'm in the minority.  The world loves this movie, and I've never understood why.  I saw it in the theater when it first came out, and the people around me were literally hanging onto their chairs to keep from falling into the aisles laughing.  I never saw anything to even chuckle about as I sat in the streaming cinamatic light and watched them more than the movie, rather in awe....and a bit confused. Okay, the bad guys get burned and hit in the head with a paint can, etc, etc., etc. The courageous little kid wins out. I could root for him, but I failed to see the humor. There are all kinds of humor. This one, obviously, isn't mine. Just wanted to add my 2 cents worth.
 How can we buy this product without knowing the titles?  This happens TOO OFTEN on Amazon!  I might be interested if I knew exactly what I'm purchasing.  Thanks!
 Incredibly bad. 90% of the (very brief) animal scenes weren't even filmed on the same film stock as the rest of the movie! Every time they cut to an animal, suddenly the picture gets all grainy. Can you say, "Stock Footage"? After seeing this turkey you will.  Absolutely typical Disney gotta-have-a-villain story, only watered down beyond belief. This thing doesn't play like a made-for-Disney-Channel quickie, it plays like a BAD made-for-Disney-Channel quickie. If you love your children, don't buy this thing.  If you want to see how the same basic story can be done better without the need for a Disney villian, have a look at the movie "Duma". (Which isn't a great movie, but anything's better than Disney's "Cheetah".)
 received dvd that would not play in my area.  attempting to exchange now for one that will play in louisville ky
 Just on the basis of viewing the 1st 2mins of this version of Get Carter, I would never purchase the DVD.  I've seen the original (UK) version of it, and this ain't it!  Why were Sid Fletcher's and Geralds' voices overdubbed?!?!?!?  God only knows what else was edited and overdubbed!  Charlie Tesoro
 I had little patience with this movie because I thought I was going to see a bit of England.  That's because I didn't know there were two versions both starring or co-starring Michael Caine.  Consequently, as far as I could see it was inexplicably about Americans (apart from Michael Caine), Americans talking to other Americans and driving on the American side of the road with American stop signs.  Why, I thought, would they do that in England, and where were the British scenes?  Finally I realised that I was dealing with a re-make and one perhaps not as good as the original.  Apart from that it was violent and boring.  People smoking cigarettes, indulging in small talk with no brilliance, beating people up, driving recklessly and getting bloodied.  I don't get it. I need to see the 1971 one, unless the script is the same of course.  No actor can, I fear, do much for the plot and dialogue I sampled.
 Bought the DVD with high hopes after reading so many positive reviews....boy, was that a mistake.  Quite a few viewers gave this movie high marks - Why? It wasn't the plot, the acting, the star studded cast, grandiose scenes or special effects....because this movie has little of that. What this movie has is gratuitous nude scenes, a very difficult story line to follow and is just plain hard on the eyes. After having seen the remake of this movie first w/S.Stallone, I wanted the original w/M.Caine to succeed. If you MUST see it, this is one you borrow - not buy. You're going to be disappointed.
 I don't understand it at all. This movie has been universal lauded by critics and the general public alike as a quality film. Well, I think each and every one of these people owe me an apology. This movie is terrible. There is no other way to describe it.  The plot is paper-thin, the flow is stagnant, the characters are weak. The British seem to have a template for making serious-minded crime drama 
 gritty, though it is, this movie is very boring.  caine turns in an ok performance, but the only saving grace of the movie is some quite beautiful nude girls.  other than that, nothing else worth mentioning.  stick with the godfather if you want a good crime movie
 I never got this product.  I recieved an e-mail that mentioned, the product was returned to the whare-house, and my money was re-funded
 Though Henry Morton Robinson's book, on which this film was based, is not the work of a literary giant, its themes (see my review of the novel) were valid and strong. I have no idea what Otto Preminger intended in this film, but the characters and plot of the novel are totally distorted, eliminating the very themes that gave the original merit. Stephen Fermoyle, who Robinson depicts as a dedicated and sincere priest whose downfall is a pride which it takes him many years to recognise, here is reduced to a chilly, stoic figure who seems totally remote. Though the novel also was inclined to excessive dramatics, in the film the very normal exercise of priestly ministry which gave the book some balance is all but gone. Robinson's Stephen frequently needs to confront how his meddling in others' lives has harmed them, particularly in cases where he seems to have  solved the problems  which the others presented. For example, in the book Stephen is crushed by the pain of remembering that his making his sister Mona promise to no longer see her Jewish boyfriend (because it is making the family unhappy) lead to her leaving and ultimately becoming involved with a highly shady character who abandons her during her pregnancy. In the film, since the plot was re-worked so that Mona's fiance decides to convert to Catholicism, then is insulted when Corny Deegan calls him an  honorary Irishman  and leaves Mona, the impact is lost. Rather than seeing Stephen struggle with the raw pain of his meddling, we are given the impression that he hates himself for not allowing a craniotomy on the baby. When Stephen does incorrectly assume he has solved a problem (in the book, with the penitent to whom he refuses absolution, James Splaine and Milky Lyons, to name just three other than the sister whose trust he betrayed), the book makes it clear that Stephen had been perfectly orthodox in the church teachings he presented. The honest message, that orthodoxy without pastoral sensitivity can be devastating rather than helpful, comes through. In the film, one gathers that a cold endurance test is the matter of faith. The entire climax present in the book is equally lost. Robinson's Stephen never leaves the active priesthood nor engages in any sort of love affair. His attraction to a woman (as a  would-be Lucifer  who is only absorbed in what he knows he cannot have, since he never intends to leave his priesthood) is the crucial point in the novel, where Stephen, facing all, sees how pride has dominated his life. The film's  leave of absence,  and apparent consideration of marriage to a pretty student, gives the contrary view - as if he returned to the active ministry as a cold obligation. Since each scene of the film is short and much material missing, the characters have no chance of being developed. It is merely a series of puzzling, often overly dramatic vignettes, as the sphinx-like Cardinal looks on. Overall, this is one of the worst adaptations of a novel which I have seen onscreen.
 After I read the book by Henry Morton Robinson, I couldnt wait to see the film. What a disappointment! I wonder to this day where Preminger got his ideas for the screenplay,and why he eliminated most of Father Fermoyle's family. Although the acting is good, especially, Tom Tryon ,Burgess Meredith and John Houston, there is just no spark to this film. By using flashbacks, Preminger loses what thread of story that is left.  Its too bad that he wasnt even a pinch more faithful to the book,his cast certainly could have handled it. And why oh why were the characters of Gaetano Orselli,Ghislana Falerni, and Roberto Braggioti in particular eliminated.  Did Preminger really think that the character of Anne-Marie would help the plot?? Sorry Otto, that in itself is enough for a big thumbs down. Add it all up and you still get a big waste of time.
 After the successful release of Ray Harryhausen's special effects extravaganza 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD, producer Edward Small decided to clone the idea and hence JACK THE GIANT KILLER was born.   This movie  copied SINBAD's style in every particular, and the result was, while not  nearly as polished as Harryhausen's film, entertaining in its own way.  It  was a major box office disappointment, however, and the studio decided to   save  the movie by RE-EDITING it and ADDING SEVERAL SONGS and a  MUSICAL soundtrack.  This essentially ruined the movie for all but the  kiddies' market. Sadly for collectors, the musical version (recently aired  on Disney Channel) is the one issued on this videotape. I'd hold out for  the original if I were you.
 I am a huge fan of the musical version of this film.  It is so deliciously bad that it completely won me over... I found it completely captivating--I was horror-struck and yet completely fascinated by the songs--a curious concoction of faux-opera (think  kill the wabbit )--interspersed with the cornball melodrama.  I have no idea why the musical version has fallen into disrepute... the humorless non-musical version will bore you to tears--it is no fun at all.  Until they release the MOST EXCELLENT musical version of this film, do not buy this!
 I grew up and loved the musical version of this film as shown on the disney channel.  I was disappointed to learn that only the dry and humorless version has been released on dvd.  The masters at GoodTimes DVD made a crippling mistake and failed miserably by not making this version the musical version.  This version of the movie is not worth the mere $4.95 that it costs here.  The layer that the music adds is priceless...I watched the musical version of the movie with my girlfriend, and it was like falling in love all over again.  You don't get that feeling from the original version. I'm planning on doing my own transfer of the musical version from VHS to DVD (for personal uses only, sorry guys, you're just going to have to wait until they come out with the musical version.  I bet you're jealous.)  I'm also going to add a special feature that will allow me to loop the songs over and over again, and I'll be singing  a spectacle  until the wee hours of the morning.  Non-musical version=1 star.  Musical-version=5 stars.
 How utterly disapointing... I had no idea that there was a non-musical version of Jack The Giant Killer.  Terrible acting, awful costumes, lame plot,  without the songs this movie is a drabby bore.  The goofy songs are the key to this otherwise DULL movie.
 "Shock Labyrinth really only has it's boffo title and packaging going for it. Everything else about the movie fails to deliver.  The plot...well, apparently a group of friends visit a spooky fairground attraction as children and there is some kind of accident in which one of the girls vanishes. Then, 10 or so years later the same friends find themselves tricked into going to an abandoned hospital, which then turns into the same funhouse from their past, and they re-live the frightening experience all over again, possibly as part of the twisted revenge of the missing/dead girl.  That might have worked as a plot, in fact on paper it looks pretty good, but watching this movie is absolutely no fun at all. There is but a single key event in the movie, which is that somebody falls over the handrail and down the well of a spiral staircase. Believe it or not, the whole film is constructed to dwell on this one event in as many ways as it is possible. First we see the original accident, then we see it again from another view, then we see other characters go through the same event either as witnesses or as victims themselves, sometimes in their childhood and sometimes in their adult states. The film thinks it's clever in mixing the evens of the past with the present, but it doesn't hold any suspense whatsoever, it just looks like a bunch of kids running in circles and then a bunch of adults running in circles again. The so-called shocks of the labyrinth are provided by (wait for it) a white toy bunny and a yellow balloon with a smiling bumble bee on it. Shots of the bunny in particular are wheeled out interminably, not that a single shot of it provokes any feelings of fear whatsoever. At no point in the film does anything approaching scary happen. Not in one single minute of it, and therefore I count "Shock Labyrinth as a total failure to entertain.  By the way, you might pick up the DVD that comes with both 3D and 2D versions, but if you think the 3D will rescue it, think again. It's totally unwatchable, I only lasted about 1.5 minutes before yanking off the 3D specs and sticking the 2D version on.  What a shame.
 The costumes and sets aren't too bad, but otherwise this looks like a bad TV movie from the 70s usually does. I agree that there is less of the melodrama than in Cecil DeMille's film, but the writing and acting are still painful to watch, and the picture is always dark. It must be that people feel nostalgic about something from years gone by, because this movie looks so very bad compared to classics of the past and modern filmmaking.
 Great actor, absolutely terrible movie. So bad that it is almost funny.
 I have hit an all-time low.  I have rebooted my film lifestyle.  Prior to watching "Inspector Gadget 2", I was willing and absolutely able to watching anything that came through the system.  I was up for any low-budget feature, no matter what country of origin, I was up for good, the bad, and the ugly, AND I was even up for those direct-to-home features that make nearly every cineophile shudder.  This was my life, up until about a week ago.  I found myself trudging through both "Inspector Gadget as well as the cartoon voiced by Don Adams, and the direct-to-Disney sequel, "Inspector Gadget 2".  It was after this viewing that I eliminated all the upcoming films in my list, opened a fresh page, and started from scratch.  I am going to begin (after I finish watching "The Longest Yard remake and original) watching more classic, foreign, and contemporary independent films.  I want to bring the level of control back and impress those with more of a knowledge than whom was a better Inspector Gadget, Mathew Broderick or French Stewart - alas, friends, I do know the answer to that, and I am not proud enough to shout it on the highest mountain.  It is embarrassing that I have to nominate one "Inspector Gadget film over the other, but a critics work is never done.  I have no favorite when it comes to this franchise, I have no favorite when it comes to stories that completely demolish the structure of the cartoon of which it is based.  In closing, I have no favorite at all when you have two films that are only connected by the titles they share.  "Inspector Gadget 2 is possibly one of the worst sequels to dawn the direct-to-DVD call tag at the bottom of the box.  Using nothings from the original film (not the same characters, not the same style, not the same comic timing), this film is one that you have to watch alone, not standing right next to the original Broderick vehicle.  French Stewart (he is always squinting ... why?), with the aid of director Alex Zamm try to bring the original concept back the the series without any known budget.  Stewart brings a new Inspector to the film, a more arrogant, snobbish, seems to be tormented by life, protagonist that cares nothing for those surrounding him.  He is a character that we cannot love, no matter how many times we have to sit through one viewing of this film.  What is interesting about Stewart is that he is actually closer to the the animated Gadget than the original.  Zamm also tries to create a Dr. Claw that is closer to the original - but the trouble occurs with the fact that the two share very little screen time and thus there is no real chemistry between the two.  Claw used to always monitor Gadget's doings, in this one, there seems to be a haphazard care as to what either is doing.  Penny still doesn't have her book and Brain still isn't getting anyone out of trouble.  Where is the consistency here?  Too add to the mix, we are introduced to a new character "G2", the newest upgrade to the Gadget line.  Like anything this riddled with clich&eacute;s, there is an initial problem with the two of them, but eventually a spark misfires and Gadget is introduced to yet another love interest.  Considering the problems anatomically with this couple, there is no further spark between them.  The only reason the two are put in a this film are to be together, not for any other purpose.  There is no sense of individualism, just flimsy cause followed by an effect that could have been predicted before the opening credits ended.  "Inspector Gadget 2 has not seen the best reviews, nor will it get a good one from me - it tried, but ultimately it failed.  There was no purpose to create this erroneous sequel.  Disney was hoping to cash in on the Broderick fan base, the younger generation that knows no better , or just to make some extra dollars to pad their bottom line, but there was no reason to resurrect this already problematic series.  I hated Elaine Hendrix's mesh between "Robocop and "Judge Dredd".  She was funny at parts that were not meant to be funny, and chokingly bad at parts that were meant to draw sympathy from the audience.  Perhaps it was the writing, or the campy way that it was filmed, or the cheesy ploy to get audiences to laugh, but this sequel just left me out to dry.  If I had to speak positively about this film in any way, I would have to comment on the CGI which did improve a bit with this lower-budget film.  I thought the idea of "freezing-time was a fun concept equal to what Claw would do, but again, we seemed to lack the spunk and originality of the cartoon.  I would never consider this franchise a remake of the cartoon, but instead their own unoriginal spin-off.  I blame Disney a bit for this film because cutting corners and cost is not an excuse for making poor films.  If Broderick or even the horrid Everett could not reprise their roles for this sequel, it should have just stopped there.  Don't push a circular peg into a square hole, but instead we continued to push and found cheap replacements for the original.  This is a very kid friendly moment that if I were 3, would probably find visually entertaining, but from a company that prides itself on making Oscar-worthy animation, I expect a higher level of distrobution.  French Stewart should stop working while he still is remembered for his humorous work on "Third Rock from the Sun", while the rest of this cast shouldn't even bother with another feature.  I think it is bad enough that they couldn't even get Cheri Oteri back, cause, you know, she's expensive.  Overall, I have to say that "Inspector Gadget 2 is a blunderment of a film, and the one star review that I am giving it is generous.  There is no need for these types of films to enter into mainstream cinema.  It dulls the senses for those hoping to find engrossing cinema out there, and proves that a mind isn't necessary to watch French in action.  As a cinematic community, we have to put a stop to this.  Zamm attempted to retain some of the originality of the cartoon, but couldn't compile a cast good enough to bring the humor, form, grace, and talent of the animated series to light.  There was no chemistry between anyone, and when the clich&eacute;s began to cause a horrid avalanche, I was caught with nowhere to hide.  As I attempt to think of another film that likens to how poor this film was, nothing comes to mind.  So, with that said, I have restarted.  You will see me soon reviewing better films where my mind can be used, instead of trash like this were jell-o sliding on a stick would be more entertaining.  If I had to end with a thought in mind, it would be this - Claw never showed his face, this can be learned from watching the pilot "Inspector Gadget where he had a mustache, so you shouldn't be able to see his face in the films.  It is simple.  It would be like creating the Smurfs live-action where they were a shade of orange instead of blue.  You just don't do it.  So, when it comes to this film - just don't do it.  You will be happier, and no so bitter like myself.  Grade
 this movie stinks i strongly dislike it what makes me wanna hate this movie even more is that french stewart is in it this movie stinks french stewart is one lousy lazy actor this movie stinks do not waste your money on this terrible movie buy something else instead
 A little known tidbit about the history of Philadelphia
 This is even worse then the first. It makes zero sense. The Jokes are even more cornier and cheesier. The acting is really bad as the acting from The Room. French Stewart(Who replaced Matthew Brodrick in this film) is even a worse actor then Matthew. The Plot is is your very cliche "Villain wants revenge story. The G2 woman is nothing then a female counterpart to our male hero. I will give the movie credit for hiding Dr.Claw's face this time even though it was pointless now that we know what he looks like. I give this film a 1 out of 10.
 A very confused movie.  It meanders through its first eighty-minute Act and then gets nonsensical and just winds down in its last ten minutes.  Is the coda supposed to be a searing indictment of live-action roleplaying?  Is such an indictment really necessary?  Tonally, the movie is profoundly confused and doesn't know what it wants to be. Story-wise it's illogical and really asks the viewer to abandon any real investment in the very world its trying to create.  Aesthetically it's blue-on-blue-on-black flat.  There's a single character of interest but the movie fails to successfully explore him (and the moviemakers ignore a great conflict between estranged brothers that could've been the lynchpin of a spectacular action/comedy).  Ultimately there aren't any valuable characters; I don't know who these people are, what they're really fighting for or why I should care.  An impressive effort for a budget of $500k, is what we're all supposed to say about this movie, but it fails in nearly every department.  It generally lacks heart, eschews tremendous opportunities for story, characters, humor and excitement throughout its incredibly-long first act, degenerates into nonsensical gore in the last few minutes and then just sort drops off the face of the earth.  A great concept given an abysmal treatment.  I did, however, make a spectacular stew while I was watching it.  So, there's that.
 Amazon's ad shows the Classic 1930 version of ALL IS QUIET ON THE WESTERN FRONT, they sent the much later version with John Boy from the Walton's. It is a poor version and not worth the materials used to make it. Having Amazon involved with the deal we assumed we would have NO PROBLEMS. That was our first mistake, these were to be gifts and now we have no gifts because the wrong movie was sent and Amazon is still showing the wrong version on this ad. Even this review page shows the Classic 1930 MOVIE AND NOT THE ONE THAT THEY ARE SENDING OUT. BEWARE AND ASK OR CALL TO CONFIRM YOU ARE GETTING THE RIGHT MOVIE.
 Received DVD fairly quickly; however the DVD has several damaged places on it that would not play and I had a hard time getting past them.  I would have returned it, but I had already thrown the packaging away.
 If you are looking for a good movie to watch at bedtime about a bunch of doctors walking around a hospital, then this movie is for you. Thats basically all that happens in this movie; NOTHING. If you watch this movie, here is what you will get - Sleepy
 Let me start off by saying I love horror movies...especially zombie flix.  I have seen many good and even more bad horror movies, and often times I can appeiate the ones that are so great.  There is usually some entertainment value.  I have to say this is the worst zombie movie I have ever seen, and one of the worst movies.  It was so boring; the acting was aweful; they threw things in that made no sense {random girl/girl kiss for example). I kept hoping it would get better but it didn't. The only excitement was in the last few minuts, but it was so bad that you would just be excited it was almost over (that is if you made it this far). There was not even a minimal level of enjoyment...and I can usually find something to appreciate in most movies.
 I have to believe the positive reviews on this are fake... poor acting - low budget (which can still work but, not in this case) no zombies till last 15 minutes... weak... and I love zombie flicks... but, certainly not this one...
 I rented this film but did not have time to watch, but as soon as I am able to see it will review it. It has got some descent reviews since its release.
 This had to be the worst movie i have ever watched.  EVER!!!!  Don't waste your time renting or buying it.
 This video was disappointing.  The 52-53 minute duration is an exercise in agony.  The video itself is difficult to watch due to the excessive glare and shadow.  With the exception of the charter guide's opening  demonstration of trolling to net bait and his explanation of fishing on a  changing tide there is little else to learn.  The two fishermen in the  video are poor informers, demonstrators and are just unpleasant company on  this trip. Should you ever find yourself in a boat with them, check your  GPS and you'll find you are in the 4th level of hell.  The second part of  the video features a  lady angler.   Seasoned female fishermen  will find her stereotypical if not insulting.  This video is a wash.  I own  many fishing videos from Amazon.com.  I have never received one that I  wanted my money back.  This one I would like a refund and an apology. This  is my second attempt to warn customers of this video.  Amazon must have  found my first review too scathing.
 This video is so bad it is painful to even remember it for your review.  I provide this review as a duty to fellow fishermen and for you to save the cost of this title.   The quality of the video is poor.  The glare and  shadow prevent you from identifying the fish, the type bait, the tackle,  the fishing conditions, etc.  Forget any hope of a demonstration of rigs,  techniques, etc.  In fact, it is my opinion that this video is almost  completely devoid of any useful information or entertainment value.  The  52-53 minute video is divided into two parts. Part One finds the charter  captain and two customers, Jim and Howard, on the waters of the Gulf.  The  charter captain seems competent enough and his very brief demonstration of  bait fish collection with a trolled net and his brief discussion of tide  changes when fishing a pass are, perhaps, the only useful tips.  Sadly, you  will rarely hear from him.  Instead you are inundated with Jim's (Jed  Clampett with Stooge's Larry haircut) constant drivel.  Jim presents as  a  selfish, irritating man who treats grinnin' Howard like an unemployed,  idiot son-in-law. Jim imparts no fishing knowledge that I could discern and  will not shut up.  I could not fish with such a man and would seriously  entertain thoughts of pushing him from the boat.  You cannot even enjoy  this video on mute.   Part Two introduces you to  Lady Angler - Kate  Jackson.   Deceptively not the  Angel  and   Angler  is a real stretch.  She does not make any meaningful  contribution to this video.  I believe women anglers will find her  insulting and sterotypical.  She squeals when the fish pull, has no fishing  rod technique, complains of how hard it is to reel in her fish, and has on  far too many clothes to even be a pleasant diversion.  I know  people who  fish to avoid such irritating companionship. I would prefer to have the  dentist perform a root canal without an anesthetic than to see the cover of  this video, much less watch it.  Do Not waste your money.
 I dont mean to be so negative but I'm a business person and I dont have the time or energy to send this back and im annoyed. I was looking for  some good educational  information and this was a joke.  This is an outdated  video of three guys catching fish and complementing each other.  No tackle discussions, no  bait discussion.  I am frankly floored this is even being sold.  A guide to  saltwater fishing should take you through tackle, bait, techiniques, locations, tips.  I have 5 other videos of the series and I hope they are produced with education in mind.
 I always try to get reviews from amazon first before I buy anything on the internet,but last week I was surfing around and found a site that offered this video and bought it becuse I had heard of bennett marine videos in the past. what have I done was my first thought as I squinted into the tv screen trying to make out what was happening in the very poorly focused scenes. I still dont know what they were using for bait or any other relavent information you would expect from a guide on saltwater  fishing video. This video was absolutely the sorriest excuse for an informative video I could have ever imagined!!HOW DARE ANYONE CALL IT A GUIDE Its just an old home video of a weak fishing trip with three guys and a whining woman in the late seventies or early eighties at best. unfortunatly I found its reviews here after the fact. Stick to the saturday morning fishing shows and you will be 1000 times more informed. I would recomend high-hook videos for anyone looking to learn the proper way to fish or rig they are worth every penny. once again I learn the hard way.......
 At first I was so excited to order this because I have heard so much about Tina Landon &amp; was eager to give this a try.  I found it so difficult to keep up with Tina &amp; you basically need to have some sort of training in choreography to understand how to do some of the moves.  It is a little cheesy at times &amp; I feel that she teaches a little too fast and doesn't break down the moves well enough to understand them.  As the titles indicates, this is session 1 and after giving this a try (twice!) there is no way I am interested in a session 2! Save your money, unless of course you've had some form of professional training.  Too bad that Amazon doesn't offer a video preview so you can see for yourselves.  Some of the dance portions she breaks down are from Jennifer Lopez's  If you had my love  video, Christina Aguilera's  Come on over  Shakira's  Wherever, whenever  video, Britney Spears'  Oops I did it again  and one by Samantha Mumba.
 Mary Poppins is one of my all-time favorites. Is fantastic film that is perfect in every way. the actors are excellent, the animation superb and the songs are unique. five years ago, Disney released a 40th Anniversary Edition DVD with 2 discs. It was one of the best DVDs editions that Disney had released with everything that we need to know about the movie besides the fantastic restoration of the film.  This January, Disney released a 45th Anniversary Edition. While some people like me will think that was too soon for another re-release, Disney as usual, wants to gain more profits. This new DVD has the same picture and sound than the original. Nothing is shinier, crispier or anything. Is exactly the same. Disc one holds the same bonus material as the 40th Ann. Ed. Disc Two presents us Disney on Broadway, a bunch of featurettes that shows us the new Mary Poppins musical. This is completely a waste. We are concern about the movie itself not the musical so this is unnecessary. The other bonus materials are the same that the ones in the 40 Ann Ed. But, in order to put this Broadway featurerette, Disney dropped some good material about the movie that are encountered on the previous DVD. This material is
 This is a 5-star movie crammed into a 1-star DVD. If you're renting a movie, you only plan on seeing it once... when you buy a movie, you have bought the right to see it whenever you please for as long as you want.  This DVD has FORCED COMMERCIALS! You can not skip them and you are forced to fast-forward through them.  Instead of endearing you to the movies featured in the trailers, you eventually get so mad that the thought of those films makes your blood boil... especially if you already have purchased those films on DVD and you don't need to be coerced into buying them in the first place. There is no excuse for this. Disney should offer refunds and/or replacement discs to those who purchased them on good faith. In addition to the forced commercials, the tech specs are misleading and plain wrong. While the film is widescreen, it is NOT anamorphic as is claimed... this means that while it is in letterbox format, it is not in proper proportion and the images are slightly distorted. Just throwing a movie on a round disk does not a DVD make and this is proof.  The movie is fantastic despite these shortcomings... but as the title of this review states - this is a DVD review, not the film. I'd advise waiting until a collector's edition comes out. A collector's edition is likely to contain more features such as interviews with the cast, out-takes and scenes from the Oscars for that year... and (one can only pray) no forced commercials.
 I am unable to play this Mary Poppins DVD as it is not for my region and will not play. My grandchildren were extremely disappointed and I felt I had been duped.  I think Amazon should send me a replacement that will play in Australia. I have bought before and always been happy, but will hesitate before I buy from Amazon again.
 The online streamed version of this movie is NOT widescreen. It is pan & scan and looks like a low-quality YouTube video circa 2003. I did a bandwidth speedtest showing 10 Mbps download but Amazon's video connect shows 1 of 5 bars, so their video server cannot handle decent quality video. Refund please.
 I guess you get what you pay for.  Only $2 plus another $2-3 for shipping.  It's a DVD for the UK or Ireland.  It's printed in tiny letters on the DVD.  I obviously thought I was buying a DVD for the U.S. Bummer
 P.L. Travers rightfully objected to the way Disney's team ruined Mary Poppins' character.  It was bad enough to turn it into a musical--the "real Mary Poppins never sang--but adding cartoons??  Anyone of any age who has read the books **before** seeing the movie has found this very sappy, saccharine movie very hard to digest.  I know I did when I was about 8 or 9 years old.  I agree with another reviewer--this is one of Disney's worst movies ever.  [...]
 This is without a doubt the WORST informational dvd ever! The seller was great though, they refunded 20% of the purchase price.
 This cartoon was recorded in ep mode and is so badly done that you can hardly watch it.  It is such a shame that the people who made this tape are so cheap that they couldn't have used a better viewing mode.
 Although these are ok pilates moves, this is not a challenging workout.  I don't think this offers anything over standard pilates DVDs and is a bit slower than the ones I already own.
 While I don't condone people stealing their content, decisions by backward thinking organizations like MLB all but assure that people are going to.  Putting out non-HD content in this day and age is like putting out black and white videos in 1980.  Whoever wants to buy this content wants it in BluRay HD, not DVD.  So these people are going to steal it off the internet to get it in the format that they want because MLB won't provide it.  I truly believe most of these people would pay for it if MLB offered it.  But since they don't, MLB loses money.  Again, I don't condone stealing your content, but I also don't condone paying for this content since it is in a near-defunct format.  Save your money until MLB gets their act together and puts it out in a modern format.
 I don't see why the most recent World Series can't be put on Blu-Ray and watched/enjoyed in High Def. I can understand the 1985 or 1979 World Series being DVD only. But with every World Series I've seen since I got an HD TV in 2005 being broadcast in HD, I see absolutely no reason to continue to sell an inferior product like this when better stuff is available.  Personally, I don't like the Cardinals and found Game 6 to be the single worst sports moment since Cabrera and Bream beat the Pirates in 1992. But I think the fans of the Cardinals should be able to enjoy watching the game for years to come in HD. Not an old, out of date format.
 I have watched the movie long time ago, and i enjoyed every moment of it, i was so glad i found it in amazon but when i ordered i was shocked to find that the box was simply empty! where was the DVD?!! i am so disappointed.
 I was extremely disappointed with this DVD and subsequently returned it.  One would hope that an instructional DVD would cover topics such as how to surf cast which is more difficult to learn from a book that can only present a sequence of photographs.  Instead the information covered is actually better presented in Burnley's "Surf Fishing the Atlantic Coast".  Information on how to identify good fishing spots and the equipment to use doesn't require a video format for effective presentation.  The only action in the DVD are scenes of good ol' boys fishing the Carolina Coast--it was more of a travelogue from the fifties than an instructional video.  Save your money.
 Most of this is filmed right on the beach with the wind blowing into the mic.  You can't understand about 90% of what they're saying!  Very low quality/amateur. - don't bother.
 Disclaimer
 Did I mention the fact that this is a Boring movie.I drank 7 beers and watched this movie.Thinking it had potential since it's about satanism and the like.Also it was suppost to have nudity in it but it didn't,at least my copy didn't.It appeared to have had 3 differant scipts of the movie piced together resulting in a big mess.Nothing scary or exciting here except a big waste of your time.
 Dumb movie about your typical Cult(cults suck) and a bunch of naive idiot followers,sadly this topic has been done ad-infinity,Cult movies are the worse.
 This version of the movie is from "RHINO and is edited not full version of the movie. So unfortanately I have to say I did not enjoy the movie at all
 I just finished wasting 80 minutes watching this "fright flick.  It has some nice shots of NYC, but that's about it.  On a scale of 1 - 10,  Skin shown - 1  Horror - 1  Credibility - 1  Acting - 1  I expect a demonic horror film to be frightening, tense, and have some clever twists.  This had none.  The only erotic shot (nothing sexy in the dvd)is on the COVER of the dvd.  The villains were able to kill off a half dozen people without anyone investigating, and apparently no neighbors noticed.  In one scene the boring bad-guy carries a young woman out of a gym wrapped in a sheet without anyone questioning him.  DUM  DUM  MUD  DUM  DUM
 Before you buy anything from Teaching Systems ensure whether it is available in standard Deviants.  The Standard Deviants prices are cheaper compared to Teaching Systems, though the products are one and the same.
 It's funny cause it's true.  When I bought this film there was only two existing reviews, and both of those reviewers had rated it 5 stars and where raving about it. I thought that maybe this might be a modern exploitation gem. A day or so after I had already purchased the feature online I noticed that the 5 star rating that it once had, had suddenly and dramatically dropped sharply. Now there was four reviews about this film, only now these next two reviewers where rating it 1 star and warning people to stay away from it, while calling it a peice of dreck. If only I had waited an extra day or two, then I might of done the smart thing and researched this film a bit further before I committed to buying it. Still, it is pretty funny when you make a mistake of this kind in which there is a lesson to be learned about being too impulsive. Now I found myself stuck waiting for this product to arrive on my doorstep just to see which set of reviewers where going to be right. I guess at the very least, there was still some hope remaining at this point. Well, I'm very sad to report to you, that all that remaining hope had melted away like a glob of icecream in a hot gutter, once the DVD did arrive, and I put it in the tray and pushed play.  What I will never understand about modern low budget exploitation movie makers is their complete utter lack of common sense. It just seems so obvious to me that if you want to make an exploitation film that actually works, and you don't have much of a budget or a professional production team backing you up, then you need to keep the story as concise and simple as possible. Some zany screw ball idea about some duel sexed wacky door to door demon with a huge wee wee that rapes MEN in the rear end over a pop song sound track, is only good for pointing your finger at and teasing. Worse still, is the waiting in between these corny assaults. It is then that you are stuck listening to the banter of a pack of unlikable next victim idiots who can't act, and are reading the dialogue of a person who can't write. This film doesn't fallow a blue print for success, it only fallows a blue print to expose every single weakness of its amateur production team.  Shades of Evil Dead and The Shining. No shades of glory.  Basically you have these young med students who horse play with a bad drug and this evil arcane taped hypnosis session that one of them had found in some corner of the med school warehouse. This taped session is like the translation tapes in Evil Dead that invoke demons when you play it. In this case, a mad doctor seemed to have accidentally conjured up Satan and got two of his patients, ( a man and a women ) possessed in the process. At least I think they where patients of his, they sure looked crazy, but it's hard to tell. My mind body and soul where already checked out of this stink bomb by this point. So now, after this arcane taped session gets played, this door to door silly Satan shows up as a naked chick and starts to make out with one of the unlikable male next victim idiots who can't act, and then like the pretty naked woman in room 239 of The Shining who before your eyes, turns into an old fossil covered in pizza cheese, our silly Satan turns into the male mental patient from the said arcane evil tape session, only now he is sporting a giant rubber willy. So, as the silly Satan attacks and chases people down freshly mopped hallways, the director plays one of his personal favorite pop songs as the back ground soundtrack rather then something that would of been actually menacing to back up the action. That's it in a nut shell, that's the high jinks you will be getting if you buy this DVD. A man raping another man like it is some prison shower scene. It's like falling asleep and waking up a moment later only to find yourself in the pokey.  The question is, now that I own this DVD, what do I use if for. I sure as heck won't be watching it again. I suppose if I find a short leg on a piece of furnature in my house, I can use this DVD to prop it up and even it out. Then again, this DVD is so absolutely wretched that maybe I should just break out the saw and get it over with by shorting a leg on something myself. I can always do what I did with the Sick Girl DVD that I wanted to get rid of last year, and stuff it into one of my coworkers stockings at Christmas time. The problem with that idea is, is that I don't know anyone who's been naughty enough all year round to deserve having to sit through this monstrosity. Maybe I will take the title of this DVD to heart, and turn it into a ninja star just in case someone creepy ends up knocking on my door. All I can tell you is that if you want to see a low budget oddity that is actually a good watch, then get a copy of Evil Aliens. And if you want to get a modern grizzly low budget exploitation shocker that doesn't mess around and delivers the goods, then find yourself the South American gem I'll Never Die Alone. If you do anything else in life, stay clear of this loser, it's not worth the price of the disc that it's printed on. This has been a Krakatoa 1883 public service announcement.
 This falls into the "rubber reality category which I tend to like. "The Machinist", "The Jacket and "Stay are amongst my favorite movies, but this outing is terrible. It is one of the ugliest, most stupid, most mean spirited movies I've ever seen. Had it clocked in at one second more than its 78 minute running time I might have ended up sticking knitting needles through my eyes.  The story revolves around a close knit group of college students. All but one takes a particular drug used in some infamous psychology experiment that went south. Weird things happen and people start dieing.  This is gruesome and depraved. These are some of the most unlikeable people I've ever seen in film. Why would anyone want to watch a movie where only one character is even mildly likable. They are almost all terrible actors as well. The one actor playing Sebastian is the best of the bunch but he's such a disgusting individual I didn't care. And then there's Vernon Wells. He was one of the chief bad guys in "Road Warrior". Now, when he's your "draw name in a movie, and you can only afford him for two scenes, you know you're in deep kimchi.   Unless you're an extreme masochist I wouldn't bother with this one.
 Please, Please listen to me, this movie promises everything and delivers absolutely NOTHING, if you want to be bored to tears and cry because you were tricked into buying this movie by a company that peddles out crap and calls it a movie as I was, then make the same mistake I did. I simply cannot believe how deeply disappointed I was in this ( MOVIE ? ). If i ever see another movie with  a film by Chad Ferrin, you can bet your butt i won't be tricked again, or the words   Vicious Circle Films. Seriously they advertised  Graphic sex  there was absolutely NOT one scene that was  Graphic Sex  If you want to watch someone with an obvious strap-on that was his mutant penis chase someone down a hallway then ignore my warnings and buy this piece of dreck. The only review i can give this movie is it's a terrible waste of time and money. I'm hard pressed to give it one star. Oh yes Breakingglasspictures.com had it's name on it too, beware the lies and hype, oh wait, there was one or two scenes of full frontal female nudity. I always look for some redeeming value in a movie this one has 0% redeeming value!!!
 Its funny just beacuase a director puts out a film that everyone in the genre loves (Easter bunny kill kill) then they think all of a sudden the guys a genius and everything he does is gold, I thought easter bunny was ok but it wasnt great, and it sickens me that directors like this get so much praise, i mean this movies about a mutated penis creature that haunts dreams it has no class, you may like this movie if you like penis..? but as a horror fan raised on Vincent price ect id appreciate that if someone is to be praised i dont have to see monster peninses in their films..This is John waters class.
 Holly Mother of Mitra is this a big steaming pile of drug induced excrement or what? How I set through this is beyond me, I just keep thinking it would get better, after all there is plenty of sex and gore and more sex you don't want to see all mixed up in a big sorry pitiful excuse for a movie. Save your time or fast forward to the good parts because this movie sucks.
 Dont believe the hype. As a person who has always been bored with mainstream entertainment. I've always sought out taboo subjects and titles. THIS is just garbage,plain and simple. A bunch of idiots running around,tryin to make something out of nothing. Kinda reminds me of another wasteful title..."The heart is deceitful above all things". If your really looking for something,"out there",thats actually gonna take you for a ride that you'll probably remember for the rest of your life. I totally recommend
 Too bad there are no ZERO stars.. This "thing would get it.  OK, Parker WAS working for Elvis and so on.  But apart from that, which is extremely minor, WHAT is this thing doing under "Elvis Presley when you search for new Elvis Presley DVD's?  Amazon sure had a strange way to put things together.  Go ahead try it
 I just bought this film on the recommendation of a friend. It is, by far, one of the most annoying films I?ve ever seen. Basically you get five guys yelling for two hours. The plot is transparent and the characters two-dimensional. I seldom take time to write a negative review but this movie is just so awful.
 What a horrible mess!  Despite a great cast, a great premise and a first-time, promising director, the movie fails miserably to succeed. It's like a terrible, missguided experiment in black humor.  Those in search for  a true black comedy should try Todd Soldonz's  Happiness .  Those  who think that Christian Slater's role was a good  Jack  Nicholson  imitation, should take a look at  Heathers , and  those who think Cameron Diaz was truly wicked, should watch  The Last  Supper .  'Nuff said.
 If you enjoy watching people scream, fight and kill through an entire movie, then you'll love this one.  If not, don't bother.  No redeeming value whatsoever.  I'd give this negative stars if I could.
 that could condone the production and marketing of a film like this. I'm convinced that eveyone who gave this film 4 stars or above also ordered Time Life Books  Serial Killers  for some reading enjoyment on a rainy day. Lets face it, this movie represents a very sick scenario that when it actually does happen in real life, the perpetrators get the death penalty or life in prison. I would like to see the people who laughed through this movie, or proclaimed it as brilliant do the same after it actually happened to a member of their family. You people have way to much time on your hands.
 I dont know why everyoen thinks this movie is so graet. I saw it once and it was about a bunch of idiots who didn't know to kill the idiot who kept teling them to murder people, just becuse he liked that.  The guy who was getting married shouldnt have let hsi friends hire a prostitue, and then, they shouldn't have done drugs. I had a friend who did drugs but he didn't kill anyone. That I know of.  Finaly they killed the idiot, but only after nearly everyone else was dead. Then that stupid woman the guy was marrying wanted him to kill his friend and the DOG! What kind of sick person would want to kill the dog? It never murdered anyone or slept with prostitutes or did drugs. The dog should have been the hero of the movie. I forget what happened to the dog, because I stopped watching the movie there and went to get a drink. Anyway, this movie is something that only a murdering, raping, dog-hating druggie would want to watch, over and over. I'd rait it zero stars but I cant.
 If the producers knew anything about Deaf Culure they would have picked an actual deaf actress to play the role. It is not only offensive but is not even remotely realistic in showing what deafness and deaf culture is like. It only shows a helpless deaf girl who magically hears after getting a cochlear implant. Come on. It takes 3 months to heal after the surgery and even get the thing turned on and then years of speech therapy etc for it to be successful, IF its even successful. The actor was cute, I'll give them that much but isn't it time to let the Deaf act for themselves.
 Crap crap crap crap crap crap crap. As in a Festival of Crap. As in craptacular. As in a movie that would make Plan Nine From Outer Space look like Fellini and Dunston Checks In look like Woody Allen's finest creations. I personally cannot imagine how anyone with the IQ of a rhesus monkey would give this movie two stars, let alone five. I'm guessing that the cast members desperately e-mailed their moms and begged them to write bogus reviews on Amazone. Either that or an army of zombie reviewers, the clones of Rex Reed, are out there on the loose, writing wildly enthusiastic reviews of anything that was shot even remotely in focus.  I mean, if someone ever told me they liked this movie, I would immediately begin looking for their lobotomy scars. Shall I number just a few of the reasons? 1) Miserable, whiny music throughout the entire abomination that makes the Free Credit Report Dot Com band sound like the freaking Beatles and Rolling Stones all rolled into one. 2) Terrible plot with too many twists and turns--and yet completely and utterly predictable at the same time. 3) Cardboard characters, with Cybil Shepard playing a crazed mother, probably channeling her on-screen rage by thinking of her agent and wondering how she was roped into this woofer. 4) Possibly the worst dialog I've ever heard in a movie. Honestly, I've seen third grade Christmas pageants with better lines.  My God. I cannot believe I watched this craptacular thing, and am seriously considering divorcing my wife for choosing this on Netflix, no matter how many times she apologizes to me. Mind you, I NEVER write movie reviews on Amazon, let alone dish the dirt on ones this bad. But I feel I have a duty to humanity and to you, my fellow movie enthusiast. Listen To Your Heart will be 100 minutes of your life that you'll never get back again, precious time that will be better spent watching another movie, helping the poor, mowing your grass, rearranging your sock drawer, or even downloading midget porn for your later satisfaction. Anything but this. You'll thank me. Trust me on this.
 The cliche's
 The synopsis for this film was so intriguing I had to rent it.  After watching it, I can't decide which was worse - the writing or the acting.  I'm going to have to go for the writing, since clever and creative writing very, often saves shoddy acting abilities.  Oh wait, there was also painful musical numbers.  Wow, this is a tough one.  I'll stick with the writing.  What could have been a very interesting premise, was shot down by glib, cliche, canned and mediocre dialogue.  It started out with a glimmer of hope and quickly sank in a pool of woes.  Think of it as a one hour and forty minute cross section of a really bad soap opera, then throw in some really bad music and singing and that about covers it.  Poor, yet heroic waiter with aspirations of being a song writer meets beautiful, rich deaf girl with a monster, control freak mother who doesn't want them to see each other.  Once that turmoil is resolved then one of the characters instantly comes down with a terminal illness with all the typical scenes that go along with that. No, I'm not kidding.  Best to say it's a mix of "Fame within the setting of "The Days of Our Lives and an ending laced with  "A Walk to Remember, without the eloquence, depth or talent of either.  If I could take back my rental fee I would.  AND they are trying to recommend the musical CD that goes along with this film!  That would also have to be a NO.  Next......
 I've lost all faith in reviews. I'm one of the most generous star-givers out there, and I could not find anything good about this movie. I chose it based on reviews, but I just can't believe that anyone, let alone a majority, could give this 5 stars.  Beware of this one unless you like sappy, poorly acted, unrealistic films, with really bad music.  I hung in there until the end waiting for it to get better, but it just kept nose-diving deeper and deeper.
 This review is only for the disc, not the movie.  I bought this DVD back in 2009 and left it sitting unopened on a shelf with my other DVDs. Last night I finally opened the package for the first time and tried to watch it and the disc wouldn't even play. Started stuttering in the opening scene and never got better. After 5 minutes of the movie stuttering and jumping around I finally turned it off. Very aggravating.  Thinking it might be the DVD player I got out my old DVD player that I'd recently replaced with a blu ray player and tried to play it on that one as well with the same result.  Bottom line, the disk is defective/poor quality. Seeing as I bought this 2 years ago I'm not very confident that Amazon would even consider replacing it so I'm just going to have to eat the loss.  Can't recommend this product at all. I'd give it zero stars if possible.
 Comedies don't normally age well because there are only so many times you can hear a joke without getting sick of it and so films of that ilk normally represent sort of a time capsule of what the key events and issues of the time were that concerned people and hence what was funny to them at that time.  For those of us that are not of that time dated jokes leave us asking "huh?".  Unfortunately, this film falls into that category and while there are a few scenes especially between Palin and Cleese that drew a smile from me in remembrance of the great Python days the rest of the film was desperately dated and had me looking at the clock wishing it would end.  1988 must also have been a very bad year for films as that would explain how Kline could win his Oscar.  Cleese is a funny actor but he is certainly not a scriptwriter.  From the opening credits that were in an off-putting deep blue to the horrible score and background music this film doesn't even begin well.  Highly overrated and a film that ages very, very poorly it isn't helped by this very poor dvd version with horrible mono sound quality and even worse picture quality that is full of white spots and other imperfections.  There are no special features to speak about like interviews or making-of documentaries as well.  It's actually embarassing that Cleese and Palin could actually put their names to this film given the vastly superior output that they were involved in from their Python days.  Avoid at all cost!
 I loved Kevin Kline in "Dave and Jamie Lee Curtis in "Trading Places", so I sadly wasted my time and money on this vulgar and silly garbage.  CAVEAT EMPTOR!!!
 Its interesting how time takes its toll on art, music, movies and the truth. I was happy that Oliver Stone rushed this film into theaters in hopes that its extremely unfavorable painting of the current President would help John Kerry defeat him. Theater goers stayed away in droves....maybe due to the poor reviews maybe because they felt they were living it and too close (my reasoning)and others maybe pulled the plug on believing Oliver Stone could make anything relevant a decade before.  Now that we have plenty of accurate accounts of the events portrayed in this film its clear it was historically wrong (a book could be written on that alone) and on top of that poor film making. Oliver Stone's cement style heavy handed approach seems directed to either left wing haters or those in the audience with IQs in the double digits. This story should, and still could, be done in a way which is less black and white and much much more in the mid tones. Stone's portrayal of these individuals is extremely one dimensional and often comical! For a glimpse at how ridiculous this movie is just listen to the actress playing Condi Rice for five seconds and you can get an accurate gauge on the entire movie.  These are real life people and yet the screenplay and movie inject less into them than a good movie with imagined characters!  How can you take this movie maker seriously when he refuses to inject any humanity into anybody in the story he does not like?  Its almost impossible to make a movie of events while they are still unfolding...and Stone's joke of a film W. proves that. Stone is chasing relevance with his film making for some time  and continuing to fail....football, 911, George Bush,  and more recently Wall Street again.  If he has to keep making movies perhaps he should find another Tarantino (who scripted Natural Born Killers) and just direct a brilliant script by somebody who actually HAS a voice. His chasing trends instead of setting them ...has failed.  I would recommend this movie to people who enjoy train wrecks and car crashes...because that is what this is.  If you want to have fun at George W Bush's expense...then watch the hilarious Will Ferrell DVD <a href="http
 So easy for people to applaud a movie like this when you still have both of your legs, are NOT on almost 10 medications just for your head alone due to severe PTSD, nightmares and panic attacks... Oh, and you basically don't LIVE at the VA hospital and don't have the privilege to compare mental inpatient treatment programs across the globe about every other year. I am only 32 years old, for Christ's sake (which is actually OLD compared to most of the injured vets that have come home/coming home)! His place in history for me? A murderer of my comrades as well as The American version of a "dictator. ... And I may actually have to tell my grandchildren (if I live to have any) that this man was my "Commander-In-Chief.  Yes, I am extremely angry, and have every right to be. It will take me AGES to heal. Now choke on that. I guess ignorance really is bliss, heh.
 I'm not going to lie. I did not like this movie. I am one of the suckers that bought this movie. I should have rented it. The Conda-LEEza Rice impression would have been worth three bucks, but not $25.  I found it dull and didn't really discover anything new. The best recommendation I have for this movie is to go rent it if you really want to see it and then judge for yourself if you really want to buy it.  The characterizations are funny, but don't carry this boring story. Unless you love George W. Bush or been living under a rock the last eight years, why bother?
 This latest peice of Stone crypto-conservative misdirection all but overlooks the single major factor in all the decisions that affected the Bush family's lives
 This was a painful and skimmed-over review of the life of George W. Bush.  It's as if Oliver Stone had in mind to capture certain elements of Bush's "hidden agendas while in office, and as the "brilliant film maker he continues to feel that he is, tried to display those agendas through underlying themes within the movie.  Stone probably feels as many Americans do; that Bush is so self-absorbed and narcissistic that he often "misses the forest for the trees".  And, that Stone himself would be able to pass an articulate piece of film making by this president as a historic and valuable piece of art, while exposing the Bush agenda and wrongdoings. (Kind of like Frost did with Nixon, only this would be in movie form.)  I was in hopes that his film would rejuvenate my positive views of W.  I voted for him in 2000, but I was certain to not make that mistake again in 2004.  The W Administration was a joke and a blight on the history of America.  I felt that Stone may be able to pull off something less generic and create something more personal so that I may make some sense of this President's selfish, misguided and corrupt antics.  The truth is, this film encapsulated many of the real facts of W's life.  None of which really give him the foundation to make a credible and responsible presidential leader of our country.  W proves to be an uncaring, narcissistic, greedy man that cannot ever admit any wrongdoings.  He proves to be self-righteous, confused about his goals/direction, somewhat insecure, and growing up completely spoiled, as a child AND as a man.  His personal life is wrought with family dysfunction as he lives in his father's shadow.  Sadly, W appears he will accept any sympathy anyone offers him for this kind of family dysfunction. It's a disturbing film when you realize that W probably agreed to this work before its release and potentially feels that this film, in part, may put him in a better light. Or, worse yet, that this film may help distribute and absolve the blame and consequences of his faulty administration.  The undertones of priming Jeb for an upcoming presidential election are quite obvious.  And, I believe at some point during the making of this film, Stone sells out.  I believe that he comes to realize that there is no perfect way to exploit the truths that would expose the Bushes, so he goes with the simplest path; Those that are the generic and obvious truths that the Bush family would have to agree with. And sadly, that is precisely what you get.
 W. didn't tell us anything we didn't already know. Although George was almost charming in this movie, it didn't tell us anymore than we've already seen on CNN. Personally I was hoping to see a little about the year before 911 and maybe some Paul O'Neil.
 The movie was a clear attempt to make Bush look like a complete fool.  Did Stone really need to show him in the bathroom wiping????  Is Bush always eating?  When he eats is he always talking?  Is the Bush family really that dysfunctional and hateful to each other?  I know its just one mans "story of another mans life, but it almost seemed like it could have been done by Michael Moore as it was so one sided.
 Oliver Stone has proven once and for all that his agenda has destroyed his artistic insight and objectivity. This movie is dreadful, it is as if Stone was picked on by some bully kid named W. in elementary school and has sworn revenge. He offers "insights' that he could not possibly know and plays the Bush family as a bunch of power mad zealots with George W. as a buffoon and George H.W. as a whiny weak man. Stone clearly has an agenda here, He shows Dick Cheney and Karl Rove as the puppetmasters controlling the BUsh administration and Condeleesa Rice as an Uncle Tom-ish character. This is a hatchet job if ever there was one. W. may not have been the most articulate of statesmen but he was never mean, this depiction is just plain mean spirited and unwarranted, and most importantly it isn't even good film making.
 this film is another example of oliver stone's distorted view of america and it's political leaders , and in this instance it is nothing more than his leftist imagination running out of control .  in this film he takes a number of actual events and then creates his own version of the conversations that might have occurred at that time while making it seem like they actually happened .  in each instance he goes to great lengths to make the president seem like an arrogant and uninformed gunslinger .  there is no reason to believe any of the purported dialogue actually happened , and if you are looking for a historical film based on reality , this is not it .  stay tuned for stone's upcoming films on che guervara , mao tse tung , pol pot , and other stone heroes for i am sure that they will be full of praise for them , and will gloss over their record of butchery .
 I purchased the movie with some scepticism. As I have always believed, "Consider the Source".  The scepticism payed off.  Oliver Stone has always been known as a liberal thinking leftist.  How do we think he will show George W. Bush to be other than an alcoholic, lazy fool.  We should try to remember that Bush was elected by the american people for two consecutive terms of office.  He must have done something right.  Stone did his best to show George W. to be a complete idiot using lies to confuse the viewers of the film and mixing lies with the truth to attack the former president.  The film was very difficult to fallow due to the broken lapses of time, back and forth and so on.  I was not only very dissapointed with Stone's film making, but was apalled by the total lack of honesty in giving a true story of George W. Bush's life and administration.  In the past I have always enjoied Oliver Stone's films such as Wall Street, Platoon, Talk Radio and JFK.  He did well with these films.  But I find "W. to be a complete failure.  Better luck in the future, Oliver!
 This movie will not tell you anything more about the Bush presidency than you don't know already.  It glazes over Bush's life, and presidency, and most of it is probably NOT factual.  It will not help you understand why decisions were made.  Oliver Stone does not uncover any "plots".  It is simply a silly movie that basically tests the actors to see who can do the best impersonations of the real-life characters they are imitating (The award goes to Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney).  Do not buy this movie.  It is the worst waste of money.  I was sorry I spent money to see it in the theater.  1 Star is an OVER-rating.
 one thing certain, Oliver Stone doesn't like GW Bush.  i didn't vote for him the first time and i was somewhat dismayed when he took office, but this film is a hatchet job.  i recall seeing something called Red, White and Maddox, a parody of Lester Maddox, the erstwhile leader of Georgia.  this film is in the same vein.  if you wish to make a parody, then call it that.  how many people, after viewing  W.  will actually think that Stone's portrait of W was something true to life, that he actually engaged  in fistacuffs with his father, over every issue.  if Oliver Stone wishes to make funny  political satire, i suggest he view THE SENATOR WAS INDISCREET with William Powell.  that film was a sidesplitting take of the goings on in Washington DC circa the late 1940's.  it tells the story of a bumbling senator's campaign for the presential nomination, where he comes out foursquare against assasination, and utilizes the diary he's kept  for years which details the foilbles of everyone in politics  as a wedge to keep his political life in high gear.
 This is a mixture of some truth mixed with a liberal viewpoint.  Oliver Stone made a statement to the movie world thru his own beliefs as usual.  I found it cruel and unfair to our former president. The only good thing was I think the actors did a good job with accents.  I bought this to give to my Dad (who is a Democrat) thinking he would like it, but I am too embarrased to give it to him now.  People deserve their dignity, and I don't think it was given in this movie.
 I get it when I watch a movie by Oliver Stone that he's gonna bring his own personal agenda into it.  However, I'd been pleasantly surprised by his filmmaking before like 9/11 where he remained solemn and pretty much politically neutral. But he threw all of that out the window in making W.  I voted for George W. Bush twice and appreciated his strong leadership through some very difficult moments in our nation's history guided by his faith in God who sustained him through it all.  Stone chose to mock Bush's faith and attempt to paint him as a hypocrite and a blundering idiot.  He is neither.  President Bush did more good for this country than people give him credit for which has become all the more apparent with the buffoon who's running the White House these days.  At every opportunity in W, we see Bush made to look like a little kid who needs to be reprimanded and George W. Bush deserves better than this.  I'll give Josh Brolin credit, he got the role down perfect--although I'm sure Oliver Stone coached him to play up the idiocy more than what the real President Bush exhibited.  I suffered my way through the entire flick and left wondering what the point of this film was beyond bashing what history will show as one of the most monumental presidencies in our nation's history.  GOD BLESS YOU PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH!
 I personally thought that Stone really dropped the ball on this film. "JFK is one of the best political films ever, and "W is more like a extra long version of a SNL skit. The portrayals of W's staff were more parodies than portrayals. Thandie Newton is a great actress ( NOT TO MENTION FINE), but her performance as Rice was pathetic. What was even worse than that one was the one of Powell, Keanu Reeves could have made a better Colin Powell. The rest were almost as bad. All Stone accomplished was taking good actors and making them play bad parts to try and destroy the image of a sitting President. That is obvious to even the most casual observer.
 As usual, we have a producer/director that thinks he knows what's going on in the world; when, in my opinion, it's all in his own mind.  The movie, in my opinion, is totally slanted.  Portraying W as weak and readily lead to decisions by any one.  Tell me, those of you that think that you are so intelligent, what would you have done if you were president when the tragedy of 9/11 happened?  How about having the worst hurricane season right after?  No, the problems in New Orleans weren't W's fault after Katrina.  Look to the governer and mayor (who was elected again although he let New Orleans go to hell during Katrina).  At some point the people in the US have to start taking responsibility for themselves.  Do I recommend the movie W?  Only if you want to push your problems off on the government.  Then again, if you want to do that, you have to go back many years.
 I've been renting and watching movies which feature scenes inside the White House, to see how the inner circle works. "13 Days is by far the best I've seen.  I've read the memoirs of many of the central players in Stone's cast, CIA Director Geo. Tenet, Colin Powell, Undersecretary of Defense Feith, former CINCs. While I disagree with them on various points, none of them seem to differ on Bush's persona.  He was not retarded, as Stone portrays him.  They all say he was business, very presidential.  Watching this utter craphole of a movie, I thought I was watching a Saturday Night Live comedy sketch, something Lorne Greene would give us.  Yes, it was that silly.  I was embarrassed for Oliver Stone, embarrassed for everyone in it.  When the actors in it went to the premier and saw the edited version for the first time, they surely must have walked out with jackets covering their heads, it was that bad.  Thinking there might be something worthwhile in the commentary, I watched it again with Stone's comments running... and he pretty much spells out his entire liberal philosophy on life.  Contrary to what reviewer "Jon would hv you believe, Stone doesn't put a conservative spin on anything, far from it.  Stone launches into liberal diatribes while at the same time admitting he doesn't really know the man, says he and his writer, Stanley Weiser, are just guessing what he's like, making scenes up, taking dramatic license, fabricating dialogue from thin air.. saying stuff like, "I thought doing the two scenes on the toilet shows us the real George Bush, a man who has no home.  That's not a dignified or respected director's work, that's a sophomoric high school student trying to be funny in a class project short.  And that's the way the whole film comes across, sophomoric and high school, only with a larger budget.  At the end, Stone says the Administration was a failure not only to liberals like himself but also to conservatives, with the budget deficits and destroying of the Constitution..  Wonder what Stone thinks about the Obama Administration which really is destroying the Constitution and is running a larger deficit in 1 year than Bush's 8 years.  What will Stone's take on the Obama White House look like?  Probably a cartoon entitled B. HUSSEIN O. with three scenes of Pres. BO on the toilet.  Save 2 hrs of your life, there was nothing redeeming about this movie. The acting was particularly strained, cardboard, and awful by all, EXCEPT for Keach who masterfully plays the preacher with the hairlip, and the guy who resigns at the Pecan Pie meeting - who was hired for that one scene and was the only believable actor in it.  I don't know how "Jon got his review so wrong, he obviously didn't watch the movie or listen to Stone's commentary track.  Can't wait for B.O. to come out before the 2012 election.
 I was quite disappointed in Oliver Stone's "W.  He does a terrific job of portraying George W. Bush as a psychological basket-case.  And this is fine.  W. was and is a personality of feeble intellect and stunted, 7-year-old emotions.  But that's all Stone does.  He leaves it at that.  Imagine if a movie were made about Hitler or Stalin and only covered their psychological problems.  No doubt they had them.  But the only reason people would care is the enormity of their crimes.  Same here.  SOME time should have been devoted to W's idiotic, murderous, neglectful, help-the-rich and kick-the-poor policies.  On the other hand, Thandie Newton is terrific as Condoleeza Rice; and Richard Dreyfus is superb as Cheney.
 WARNING!!! THIS title does NOT work on AUSTRALIAN PLAYERS. Contrary to what this web site says, IT IS REGION ONE!!!
 I realize I am a latecomer in the reviews for this film, and Obama is succeeding in his competition for the title of our worst president (isn't it convenient that as of yesterday, he is able to take credit for killing Bin Laden...just in time for his re-election campaign?). However, I expected much more from the director of JFK (which still doesn't do justice to the conspiracy, but at least debunks the Warren Commission).  I'm only about 1/2 an hour into this film, and I have already spotted some glaring errors. There's Phi Delta Kappa, the fake fraternity that W is shown being initiated into (apparently Stone has been intimidated into keeping silent that W is a Bonesman), and W claiming to be a Texan (he was born in Maine) and an Episcopalian (he's a Catholic), and there's still another 90 minutes to go!  The best film out there if you want the truth about both W and 911 is Alex Jones 911-The Road to Tyranny.
 As someone said in an earlier review, "If you hate Bush, you'll probably like this...  Well, I hate Bush and I hated the movie!  Unlike with Nixon, Stone was too easy on him.  I suspect, however, that the film reflects most of the truth.  As much as I diagree with all that Bush was about, I think that he was genuine in his love for this Country and meant the best for it.  I was just a bit shocked that Stone let him off the hook so easily.
 After I downloaded the movie W. , the movie stops playing at 1 hour 42 min. I have deleted the file and the Unbox player and reinstalled and downloaded the movie and THE EXACT THINGS HAPPENS AGAIN AT THE SAME TIME AS BEFORE !! Amazon has really disappointed me this time because the purchase is useless to me. Even the troubleshooter within Unbox cannot fix this AND AMAZON STILL HAS MY MONEY FOR ONLY 3/4th of a movie that I paid for. I am thinking that I will go back to BlockBuster movie downloads in the future since I have no problems with digital downloads with that company. As of this date, 3-8-09 NOBODY FROM AMAZON has contacted me for a resolve to this issue. How 'bout that customer service ?
 Stone, ever the friend of Hugo Chavez, manages to make a boring movie about the first American President who virtually by his will alone manages to free millions of Iraqi's from a tyrant and his homocidal sons.  Providing a chance for rule by the people (not okay with Stone or Chavez - unless the "people are really socialist rulers) may be the most pernicious assault on the oppressive regimes of the arabic world.  If freedom takes root, "W may yet be born out by history.  Meanwhile Oliver's boring little movie, which I struggled to get through, will go down as one of his least history rewriting films.  Even Brolin's acting is weak.  But no matter -- we await with breathless anticipation Stone's coming and glowing movies on "Chavez! and "Che! and "Ahmindinajad! Count on them to get great reviews from the N.Y. Slimes -- errr N.Y. Times.
 I think the movie, "W was well-done, although it's not my favorite.  That's probably because it's about politics, one of my least favorite subjects.  Richard Dreyfuss and Josh Brolin were the only actors I knew by name, but the movie still held my attention with all the punches 'George W. Bush' gave; that was what made the movie interesting.
 Needless to say, movie stinks, especially for a sitting president at the time of it's release. I think Stone should now make the movie "0 and show how Obama is paying off all his buddies, or make fun of how much of an idiot he looks like everytime he opens his mouth, or how inept he is at the job he worked so hard to win, that will never happen. You can go ahead an trust all the wonderful reviews of the drones on here that all seem to have some sort of unified thought pumped into their minds kinda like the borg in startrek, oh wait they do, it's called the news and hollywood, never mind.
 This film is an awful insult to a GREAT president, I am unfathomably appalled by how the average American feels towards Bush. He was a vital asset to this country in very trying times, he had to make some extremely difficult decisions during his time in office and I think that he made nearly every single one of them correctly. This movie is merely a statement of the ignorance of the American public, primarily those in Hollywood. Do not support this propaganda!
 I don't like Oliver Stone and his movies (except World Trade Center) and I think he's a stupid film maker. This movie is another failure like Alexandre and JFK..... I think one star is even too much for it. ((BDS stands for Bush Derangement Syndrome - I believe Oliver Stone suffers from BDS too))
 I have an abiding interest in American politics, and by extension the personalities and philosophies of our presidents. That made the PBS American Experience series on the presidents a natural choice. I thought I should give this dramatized depiction a try, especially considering how well the former president seems to lend himself to parody.  This film, though, isn't aimed at parody. It's certainly silly, and perhaps intended for the shortest-attention, lowest-common-denominator audience. It's certainly not serious from a documentary or biographical perspective. Most of the content seems embellished. The only framing is a handful of major events of which most Americans are already aware.  The actors are clearly intended to represent actual politicians, but their looks / voices / mannerisms are far from convincing. The result is a sort of uncanny valley, where you expect these actors to represent reality but they have flaws that are hard to pinpoint exactly. It's not even a psychoanalysis, because any introspection is superficial and stereotypical. On that note, the constant riffs on Bush's Texas heritage and accent wear out quickly.  In terms of other story elements
 This is one of the worst made movies I have ever seen. It is a mess, tells the most confused view of Bush I have ever seen, suggests there was a little good a little bad in the man, nothing new and no insights either good or bad. What a waste of time (for reference Fahrenheit 911 I thought was brilliantly made - one either hated it or loved it, but it was well made and sure got its point across.) W gets nothing across other than the director had not a clue about what he was doing or even trying to do.
 This film is just a political cartoon showing a caricature of George Bush.  I've seen George Bush interviews on TV many many times.  I've read books about Bush from several different authors.  (I read a lot of books about historical figures.)  My Dad has interacted with George W Bush.  The film fails to show the friendly compassionate Bush that so many talk about.  I'm no fan of George W Bush's politics, but this film is a flat one sided approach to a person who has a friendly compassionate side that doesn't show up in the film.
 How utterly disgusting - I thought colorization as a practice had long sense been abandoned because of the overwhelmingly negative public reaction to it in the 1980s. And now it rears its ugly head again at the expense of one of the great swashbuckling classics. With hundreds of unreleased treasures in their vault, Fox has the audacity to do this. I, for one, am boycotting everything Fox until they come to their senses. If they want to release classic films in color, how about "The Gang's All Here", or "Weekend in Havana", or any of the dozen or so other classic technicolor Fox musicals?
 ...by not buying Fox's idiotic attempt to colorize one of the great screen classics. Yikes, will they NEVER learn?!?!?
 This is the worst transfer to dvd that I've ever seen.  My vhs copy from TCM is much better!  I love the film, but was bitterly disappointed at the shoddy treatment.  Shame!!!
 Almost two decades after Ted Turner put away his crayons and stopped "colorizing the MGM and Warner Brothers classics ... and Now, when most of the industry is focused on restoring films to their original brilliance and releasing them on DVD in pristine condition ... Fox Home Video is choosing to shoot themselves and their customers in the foot by re-releasing their highly vaunted "Studio Classics in ghastly computer-colored versions that feature washed-out transfers and pale, unappealing tints.  Oh!  And in the case of "The Mark of Zorro", they're charging a little bit more than they did for the black-and-white version ... a higher price for a lot less quality.  What are these people thinking?!  Do yourself - and the world - a favor by not encouraging Fox to continue this travesty.  Colorization mercifully died a long time ago, and deserves to remain dead.  (If you want more professional looking color, just watch the black and white version with a layer of multi-colored Jello smeared on your TV screen.)  Shame on you, Fox!  You've got hundreds of films in your vaults that the public is eagerly waiting for.  Better to preserve and release them before they crumble to dust than to try and grab a few extra dollars by hideously tampering with titles you've already released.
 This is a terrible movie version of a pretty exciting book. Frank Sinatra was and never could be Joseph Ryan. He was totally miscast in this role. I have a feeling he was a producer who acquired the rights for himself thinking that he could play the part. So wherever you are, Frankie, it didn't work!
 Roger Ebert gave this film 1/2 a star...he was too kind. First off I want to apologize, I really do. I'm sorry for breaking my new years resolution so soon.  I resolved that I would never again write a negative review on amazon, that I was always trashing everything and I was making people angry and that if I didn't like something I should shut up about it.  Then I saw Josie and the Pussycats.  I have never been more embarrassed for a bunch of actors.  I loved Charlie's Angles and thought this would be like that only with guitars, I was primed for some cool 70's retro music and some silly fun.  This movie was painful.  I have never seen worse acting, never.  If you watch you can see Parker Posie looking around as if she is waiting for the director to yell cut.  Someone should have.  The same tired old joke is rehashed countles times, that product placement is everywhere, Target logos inside the plane etc..  This was mildly funny once.  Once.  Rachel Leigh Cook is unsinkable.  She is so beautiful that she can make a film better simply by standing there, she is incapable of delivering a bad line no matter how poorly it is written, bravo Rachel, you poor brave girl.  To screw up a film like this takes hideous directing, editing and writing.  The jokes are old, the story is lame and the acting must be seen to be believed.  I was ashamed leaving the theater that someone would have seen me there, I need not have worried there were, perhaps 3 people in the whole multiplex...three too many.
 If this is what one calls "American Youth Culture", then let me say, for crying out loud..."Give Us All A Break"! The movie is nothing but an egotistical trip of a ...girlie rock band, trying to find its way in the typical corporate mainstream. I have to be honest, Hollywood media is so much based today on mainstream ..., that they tend to ignore the actual "American Youth Culture", that today is in fact leading towards the underground "DANCE SCENE". I really had admired movies like "Groove and "Trainspotting which truly reflected that particular club culture...which I guess will take years to finally hit the Hollywoood mainstream, which is so much obsessed with reflecting of what's "In in terms of MTV, and the top 40's....
 My daughter has an old cartoon "Josie and the Pussycats video from years ago which she likes to watch.  So when she wanted to buy this DVD with her Amazon credit, I said "sure.  I am sorry I did.  The characters are evil and nasty.  One character in particular uses an excessive amount of bad language to get her point across.  The story line is completely vapid.  This was a waste of money and I've hidden it so my daughter can't watch it again.
 This is not the nimble, intellectual satire that the movie makers, and reviewers on Amazon, would like you to think it is.  Beyond that, it is insulting, and may actually be a vehicle for the very product placement/power-of-suggestion marketing technique it claims to be skewering.  The movie doesn't really know what it wants to be, and it manages to NOT be any of the movies it's trying to be
 You don't get much dumber than this movie.. seriously it was horrible.  The only reason that I watched this was because it had a pretty good review on this website, where I get most of my reviews but I guess that reviews don't tell you everything.  Seriously, if you decide to watch this movie.. god help you, it is so bad and should never have been made.  Please, for the sake of your mental health, NEVER. EVER. EVER. watch this movie.
 I think in the years to come, when people are studying film, this movie, though a flop, will be discussed as an example of the large problem that product placement or "brand integration has become in Hollywood. Josie and the Pussycats is bad enough to begin with (despite having the characters and general idea from the comic and early 70s TV cartoon, the movie really didn't succeed in transferring the feel of the comic to the screen -- Alexander and Alexandra are wasted); but when the viewer is assaulted by product placement throughout it just becomes too much. I have never felt so insulted by a movie.  This isn't a story, it's an hour and a half advertisement. Products and logos are so awkwardly inserted into every frame that I was overwhelmed. The filmmakers claim it's a subversive in-joke
 The only reason to watch this movie is that there are cute girls in it.  If you like it for any reason other than that, you are stupid.
 First off. This comes as a DVD-R not a pressed DVD, so incompatibility might occur on some DVD Players. That being said, this is DVD rip of a VHS master. It's ok, it's basically the fundamental of Wing Chun. Not very good in the details. No chapter stops. I believe it's only 30 minutes long. I would say that the cost and quality exceeds the value of this DVD.
 The DVD cover looked good online but it is nothing more than a inkjet printed cover.  Poor audio.  No structure on topics covered.  Nothing more than a home video with the Master and his students demonstrating some aspects of wing chun. Could be better but for now really poor show.  For the price I paid for it, simply not worth the money.
 This attempt at a teenage 'When Harry Meet Sally' is perhaps the most unsettling films I have seen in quite some. How could any highly - paid studio executive OK this - the cast and script rank among the worst I have every seen. Prinze was wrong for the lead (Rushmore lead would have done much better), while Biggs was sleepwalking through the picture. This could have been a very good teen pic - but the script needed work. The end result is a painful waste of our time and money - and the studios money. Avoid - at all cost. Instead(same genre)
 This movie was terrible.  Basically Freddie Prince and Claire Forlani have a habit of running into each other before they eventually become friends and then, of coarse, more than friends.  Nothing in this film was original.  Prince and Forlani don't like each other at first, they have strange best friends, and a final sequence in the airport where one of them is leaving. The only redeaming parts of this film are Forlani's beauty and some decent comic relief provided by Jason Biggs, who plays Prince's roommate and only friend.  In fact the funniest part of this movie happens during the final credit sequence in which Biggs has a dream with Victoria Secret models that want him to fart.  Other than that this movie was just a waste.
 The quality of this DVD is appalling, and virtually unwatchable. Althought I understand that the footage is old, I had no idea that it would be so bad that it makes most amateur videos look like award-winning examples of cinematography! It is difficult to see the kata being performed clearly, and due to the absence of audio in the clips (the only sound is the narrator and the funeral scene at the end), the breathing cannot be heard. The video is blurry, dark and visually  noisy .  The funeral scene at the end is so dark, it is difficult to see anything at all. Don't waste your money
 I just received my 10th season and all 4 discs were all badly scratched.  CBS/Paramount's quality of their DVDs is the worse of all studios.  I think because they have so many rights to TV shows and are putting them out at a fast pace, regardless of the quality of the DVDs.  CBS/Paramount needs to get their act together and start putting out quality unscratched DVDs.
 I wish I could rate this two ways. I believe it should get 5+ stars for it's illumination of one modern Catholic's mindset, but must give it 1 star for how wrongheaded the enterprise was written and directed. The director, Kevin Smith, has called this film  ...my love-letter to God and to faith - which is about the only thing we really truly have in life.  This should surprise a great number of the critics of this film who wrongly believe Smith is slamming the Church. He further states,  Faith is the glue that holds us together and binds us (kind of like the Force). It's something we all have in common - even if you're not a religious person.  Clearly this shows he is NOT the faithless iconoclast as portrayed by the good-hearted but misguided efforts of the Catholic League, but rather this is a man whose movie is a statement of his faith as he understands it. And while it is intentionally satirical of many things, if viewed not as a slam but as a love-letter, a well catechized Catholic can gain some pretty incredible insights from it. I'm not promoting this movie in regards to how well it expresses the Catholic Faith - far from it. It is wildly inaccurate and largely ignorant of history or of the arguments that underlie fundamental beliefs of (most) Catholics. But there is a payoff. Watch this movie and realize something
 Dogma is probably one of if not Kev's worst films. How a Catholic can Make this movie is beyond me. As a Catholic myself I wouldn't cross the line for the sake of "Art if that's what people think art is that's their problem. Kevin is a very talented Guy as are the cast it's sad.
 I think what bothered me most about this movie was that it thought it had something intelligent to say. Unfortunately a more cogent argument against religious dogma could be formulated by a 4 year old. And then there's the script. Was this a first draft? The acting was also horrendous, with incredibly annoying performances by Rock, Damon, and Affleck, but with a script like this that was inevitable. In short, do not pay money to see this garbage! Kevin Smith is a one trick pony and needs to stick to stories involving New Jersey and convenience stores.
 While Kevin Smith does an adequite job in steeping the movie with religious dogma (and for the most part keeping it legitimate) he loses himself somewhere along the plot line and turns what would be a thought  provoking look at church doctrine and turns the movie into something  reminiscent of a Zucker brothers movie (complete with uninspired fart  jokes.) Keep it mindless or keep it serious but the schitzophrenic nature  of this film does not do justice to the brilliant ideas Smith introduces to  us in the beginning of the film.  I give this film one star because as a  huge fan of Kevin Smith, I really hoped he could have done better.
  Dogma  is about a total moron who spouts off, and everyone else shaking their head at him in a benign way. I'm not making that up. Also, if you're doing a satire, never have a cutesy apology appear before the movie starts. Jonathan Swift or Terry Southern never did that. You either believe in your vision, or you don't. Smith's problem is he wants to have things both ways. He's supposedly educating us on religion, and making us laugh with bathroom humor. Except he ends up doing neither. The religous stuff is just preaching to the converted, there's nothing insightful about what he's saying. And the humor is painfully forced, unfunny, and over the top vulgar. Don't get me wrong, I love lowbrow humor as much as anyone. But this movie is basically for anyone who still gets a kick out of hearing themselves or other people curse. It reminded me of a  Scooby Doo  episode written by a pretentious hack philosophy student. Damon and Affleck's lame performances exemplify the movie's smug, pleased with it itself tone. They seem more interested in entertaining themselves than the audience. And you have to be really untalented to make George Carlin and Chris Rock not funny.
 this movie is boring, boring, boring. smith's flat satire lacks subtlety and grace and is redeemed (relatively speaking) only by its moments of ridiculous humor - a feces demon, horny jay, screeching chris rock et al.  the damn thing isn't even offensive, except in the sense i paid for the  rental.  cheap shot? worthy target.
 After Watching this film i feel Kevin Smith Should Seek a Real Job.this Film was Horrible.part Bill&amp;Ted's Excellent Adventure part History of the World part 1&amp;the Rest all junk.Chris Rock is Flat in this Film.same  goes for Linda Fiorentino.Matt Damon&amp;Ben Affleck add nothing to this  Poor Excuse of Film-Making.i see nothing funny in this Mockery of  Catholicism.it's a Travety that this Film was even ever made.
 I am not a Catholic, or member of any other organized religion for that matter, so I was eagerly expecting irreverent, intelligent, and witty theo-illogical comedy from Dogma.  What I experienced was more like a bad  acid trip commandeered by graduate-school PC theological tedium mixed with  prepubescent sex and scat jokes.  This movie has no reason to exist beyond  the smattering of one-liners and a certain stoner hipness, but even these  are cliched or pretentious beyond tolerability.  Even the considerable  talents of its ensemble cast can't save this drivel from the postmodern  trash heap. If this is what ex-Catholics are struggling with, god help  them! This film is an insult to anyone with an ounce of spirituality left  in them.  It knows not from whence it came nor what it wants to say.  Honestly the worst film I've seen in years.
 What a worthless, childish and pretentious movie. It`s supposed to be a satire on catholicism, but is such an inane film that I almost felt pity for it. So this is what a hip, clever, witty movie should be nowadays, eh? Well, in fact it`s just a lame mess. The beginning isn`t bad, Damon and Affleck have a couple of entertaining scenes with some black humour, but it doesn`t last for too long and soon falls into mediocrity. The film seems endless and gets worse from scene to scene. In the end,  Dogma  is a failed parody with a few decent moments and a lot of crap. The characters are flat and uninteresting, the acting bland and the direction shows little creativity. While it's strange, different and offbeat, it doesn`t qualify as being actually something worthwhile and poignant. A letdown.
  Ambitious ?  Funny ?  Aggressively Intelligent ?  Unlike those enlightened souls who found this a five-star hit, I guess I just didn't  get it.   I saw this film in a theater and it has to be among the worse movies I've *ever* seen! If the DVD version can redeem it as worthy of time and expense, it's just another huge plus for the technology.  Maybe you have to be a Catholic or at least a Kevin Smith fan, but my advice would be
 I was very excited to see this movie.  I liked Clerks and Chasing Amy a lot.  I think people just like this movie because it is from this hip new director but if you took Kevin Smith's name off of the box I don't think this movie would have very many fans.  This movie didn't strike me as controversial or thought provoking.  It also wasn't funny or entertaining.  I was bored.  Kevin Smith's characters are constantly explaining the plot to you through the whole movie.  My english teacher always told me to show, not tell.  Apparantly Kevin Smith never learned this rule.  And on a side note, I know Chris Rock seems like a really funny guy, but is he ever funny in anything?
 Just the sexy, heavenly muse played by Salma Hayek wouldnormally be enough for me to scream out loud and give this movie aclean 5 on the scoreboard, but I don't. This film did nothing for me. I think I laughed twice during the whole film and that's not enough. Chris Rock does his best to make us laugh at the bad jokes this great comedian is stuck with and Salma Hayek tries to look as sexy as humanly possibly, but it's not enough.  Linda Fiorentino delivers well below average acting as she stumbles through the story as Bethany (be sure to be out for more popcorn when she tries to play drunk). And please, let's not even mention Smith Mewes and his pathetic character, Jay. One of the reasons I didn't like this movie a bit, might be because of a certain individual sitting three chairs to my right at the cinema. I have never, ever in my whole life heard anyone (or anything for that matter) with such a terrible laughter and I hope I will never hear him ever again. He laughed with his whole body and soul and it sounded like an old steam engine and a jumbo jet colliding in mid air then falling 10.000 feet to crash land in an amusement park. And the more he laughed, the more I wanted to walk over to him and kick him real hard.  That said, if Dogma had been a real good movie, I had never noticed  Laughterman . Dogma was not a real good movie. Stay clear of this one. There are brick walls more amusing than this film. And Alanis Morissette as God? Gimme a break...
 I'm not Catholic and perhaps I didn't "get it"; I wasn't offended by the excrement, etc. but the continuing sophmoric plot apparently intended to offend wore me down.  What a waste of talent (except, well, Affleck, stick to WRITING; you are SO wooden in your acting).  I hope all of those who were raised Catholic that were in the audience or in the movie FEEL better and their church-induced inhibitions have been wiped away after seeing or being in this flick.  The review of Shashank Tripathi (an Irish contemporary of mine) says it all well too.  It's only the second movie I ever walked out of (Drew Barrymore couldn't carry "Home Fries all by herself; more wooden acting, not immature plotting, in that case).  They're lucky I didn't firebomb the theater on this one.  It was like the Worst of Saturday Night Live.  Grow up, Kevin.  You pseudo-intellectuals  givng this dreck 4 and 5 stars too.
 DOGMA has scores of "comedic moments pumped into it.  The problem is, none of them are the least bit funny.   Example
 Why does this movie suck this bad!this movie is dull and has no storyline.FACE THE FACTS.
 This movie goes so badly as movies can go... The duo of Damon and Affleck think they made a master-piece of controversy, but that's not case
 I hardly ever write reviews here, but when this awful movie appeared like a lurking demon to the left of my monitor I knew something had to be done. This movie was so bad that I walked out about 5 minutes before it ended at the theater. The only advantage to it on DVD is that it can be destroyed. If you like movies with terrible scripts, not-funny toilet humor, bad acting, poor direction, etc, then you MIGHT find this tolerable. How anybody could like this travesty is beyond me.
 What is there to say about this movie? The only good actors in it are Alan Rickman, Jason Lee, and George Carlin. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon couldn't act their way out of a paper bag if they had to. They're both the same in every single movie they're in, and they're both extremely annoying. I've always liked Kevin Smith's work, but this movie was simply appaling. That thing at the end with Alanis Morrisette as God.. BAD call Kevin, what the Hell was he thinking? Putting a racist person like Chris Rock in any movie as a character even remotely  righteous  or  holy  is an insult to anyone with a frontal lobe. And all this garbage with Jay... I nearly prayed to the porcelain idol after seeing him again. He's a bad, BAD actor; he's just not funny or creative at all. He makes me look hysterical. Somebody with a comedic side so devoid of talent shouldn't even be cast in a comedy. On a scale of 1-10 I'd give this movie a 3 or so, cause it does have some funny parts in it (not very many, but they're in there).
 Sorry. I'm just a stupid person, and unfortunately I coudl not see the so-called  greatness  of this  Movie . It doesn't offends Catolhics at all, it doens't offend Protestants at all... It only  offends the intelligence of the public, forced to watch the horrible duo of  Affleck and Damon performing the worst characters of their movie carrer,  and forced to watch a ridiculous blonde guy using bad language all movie  long, and forced to watch the unshameful commercial appearance by Alanis  Morrissete, as a totally unconvincing God. For a person to think this  garbage is  polemic , he really must have his head closed to  daily life...
 Looks like someone's let their ambiton get the best of him.  This film is so F-ing boring and so F-ing unintersting that it just makes me wanna F-ing puke.  Usually I like witty comentary on biblical subjects but for the love of god, I like HUMOROUS witty comentary, not comentary so long a drawn out that you forget what the hell they were talking about in the first place.   Let's get one thing straight, movies are a forum for communicating ideas.  Not giving an actor/actress three pages of dialog and saying  read this to the camera, cause this is what I think .  That's what writers are for.  I don't go to a movie to be told flat out what some jackass thinks about christianity.  I go to be pursuaded and think,  oh, maybe he's got a point there.  Kevin Smith is a direct product of the Hollywood mindframe.  Apparently he believes that making previous movies of moderate  fame gives him the right to make an opus of unintelligent hawgwash.  Man, the ego on this guy.   Kevin, if you're listening, go back to the low brow comedy of the past, and leave thought producing movies to real directors such as PT Anderson, or Joel/Ethan Coen.  Definantly the worst thing to come out of 1999.  Ciao Dave P.S.  All those people that found this movie  entertaining , and  utterly delightfull  need to cut the BS, don't pretend like you get it just so you look somewhat witty and intelligent. I'm on to you.
 i saw this movie i should have brought with me my pillow and my blanket the movie was so bad i walked out of the movie holding my nose i should stayed at home and bored my self to sleep my friend thought that this  was a poor excause for a movie he said that it stunk even when we walked out we said why did we spend the money for this i should have saved my money  and bought baseball cards and i dont buy baseball cards
 I really did have high hopes going into the viewing of this movies.  Were those hopes met?  NO WAY.  I really can't imagine anyone enjoying this movie.  It's a  dark comedy  as the two creators would like to think.  But Dark Comedies usually are intelligent and thought provoking, if not always entertaining.  This movie is simplistic and wraught with poor performances.  From the creators of the MALLRATS and CLERKS, I expected better.  All they could get out of great talents such as Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, and to a lesser degree Ben Affleck and Matt Damon is a monotonal emotionless walk-through of the script. This movie is the BOMB...er I mean A BOMB.
 I think Jonathan Rosenbaum, film critic for the Chicago Reader, said it the best.  This is a film about spirituality aimed at 11 year olds.  I found the film extraordinarily simplistic, boring, and obnoxious.  The charcters are really annoying, and the performances are quite bad (with Jason Lee coming across the worst as a devil like dude).  Affleck and Damon's characters end up being another variation on the know it all, smug, Gen X type who thinks he has all the answers, and enjoys pointing out everyone else's faults.  This was supposed to be Smith's "profound film, but he's way out of his depth here.  Gen X filmmakers like Smith are not known for tackling big subjects, and when Kevin tries to tackle the heavy questions of existence here, he fails miserably.  Even though the film is a comedy, it still fails to really get into anything worthwhile.  It comes across as "existence for dummies".  Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy (his best in my opinion), is actually more profound than this film is.  It's an overly silly movie about religion.  I was just offended by the bad acting and filmmaking, not by the so-called "blasphemy of the film.  The Catholic Church who protested this film were fools for doing so.  There's nothing worth bothering about here.
 This is without any doubt, the worst film I ever had the misfortune to see. Truly, impressively, stunningly awful, pretentious, stupid... just bad.
 I found DOGMA to be such a monumental waste of time that it set a real precedent in my life for a wasted evening.  As someone who can enjoy almost any well-intentioned movie this film was a total waste of time, energy and resources.  Since I am a lifelong confirmed horror and sci-fi fan I am not the least "high brow", nor do I hold any strong opinions regarding organized religion. I also would not consider myself to be prudish in any way and irreverence towards organized religion has never bothered me enough to spoil a good film.  When I went to the theater to see DOGMA I was on vacation in Newport Road Island with my wife when a trusted friend recommended that we see this film. The party in question shall remain nameless, but after seeing this movie I questioned his sincerity and certainly his advice from that day on. We also were not able to see the very excellent GREEN MILE which was also playing, and I suppose I regret missing that film as much as catching this one.  I am also dismayed at the number of multi-star votes this film received on Amazon. It would appear that the producer, director or some vast left wing conspiracy must be members of a large "family (or some other organization) who have a vested interest in this film.  I simply can't believe the outcome of the Amazon statistics. Someone has been stuffing the ballot box!
 "Dogma, a film by Kevin Smith, is, in my opinion, a trite and confused bit of religious non-sense.  In one scene the characters appear to throw religion out the window in the interest of good-natured, irreverant fun, until all of it comes to a screeching halt, and the viewers find themselves suffering through sudden moments of sobriety in which either Matt Damon or his bland side-kick, Ben deliver their own silly attempts at homiletics.  Don't waste your money.  Pass this one by.
 Not clever, not funny.  With the amount of talent in this movie, how could someone miss so badly?  This movie is aboslutely one of the worst I have ever seen.
 I should note that I didn't come from a Catholic family, so I'm not in the potential audience for this film.  Never the less, this fact is no excuse for 'Dogma's being as mindbogglingly annoying as it is.  Every character, every damn one of them is agonizingly obnoxious, it's just unbelievable.  Any one of them could cripple a scene all by his or herself, yet there are often many of the on the screen at once.  Take the most involved scene in this film then add in, say, Kathy Griffin and Chris Tucker, and it would cause my head to explode within seconds.  Frankly, I'd probably be better off.  Still, every time this thing comes on TV, which is about every other day on Comedy Central, I can't help but watch a little of it.  I don't know why.  Do I hate myself? Am I a masochist?  Or do I have to prove to myself every time I see it that it's really as bad as I think it is?  Suffice to say, this isn't necessarily the worst movie I've ever seen, but I honestly can't think of a single movie that I HATE more than 'Dogma'.  Grade
 This has to be the worst DVD I ever bought!  Not only was the movie boring, but it was also quite annoying due to the extremely terrible acting -- Ben Affleck and Matt Damen needed to be smacked for their horrid performances in this film.  The only characters that manage to draw any giggles or smiles at all were Jay and Silent Bob, but well... that's been done before already, and it's just not enought to carry the whole movie.  See this movie only if you want to get a good baseline of what bad acting, script and film work are.
 While I am a fan of Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and usually Alan Rickman, and was raised Catholic so I can appreciate some of the jokes, this is close to the worst movie I've ever seen.  It gets one star because some of the performances are good, even if the story is dubious.  Sorry twentysomethings. The poop monster was right out of South Park humor, or perhaps Beevis and Butthead-also not my favorites.  And Alanis Morrisette as God?  Please.
 Both my husband and I came very near to walking out of this film in the theater. Matt and Ben were funny together in the past so we thought this was going to be a real treat. Well, the acting, production values, script, dialogue, intellectual depth - just everything about this thing was severely subpar. I can't believe they're trying to resurrect this piece of crap for new, unsuspecting audiences. Yes, I can believe it. Incredible.
 I wasn't offended by the subject matter of the movie, I was appalled by the writer's sophormoric views on religion. Read the Bible, don't waste your time watching this over rated piece of trash.
 Personally, I am a crude, profain marine.  Until I saw this show I thought nothing could offend me.  This group of usually good actors crosses the line.  I watched this show with a party of twenty-something people---none of them particularly religious---who all wanted to take a shower after watching this sickening show. Unless you aspire to be just like Maralyn Manson, you will wish you didn't watch it.  I consider seeing this movie one of the worst two hours I have ever spent.
 Forget about what your read from people giving this a one star effort because they say its "offensive or "anti-religious", its a one star effort because we have a great cast here that is wasted on what is clearly Kevin Smith's worst movie. As I watched the first half-hour, I was waiting for something to be funny, and it just wasn't. I was felt like I was wasting my time, so I finally hit the stop button, as I couldnt bear to watch another minute of this snooze-fest. Believe me when I tell you that I find everything amusing, hell I even bust out laughing when watching Spongebob Squarepants. If you are a fan of Kevin Smiths films, please stay away from this one. Go into your collection and watch Mallrats on Clerks again.
 WORST MOVIE I EVER SAW.  THERE IS SO MUCH SWEARING, YOU NEED A LOT OF SOAP JUST TO CLEAN IT UP.  THERE IS NO FUN IN THIS MOVIE AND NO HAPPINESS.  JUST BLOODY SENSELESS KILLING.  THE MOVIE MOCKS THE CATHOLIC RELIGION WITCH IS VERY DISTASTEFUL.  DON'T BUY THIS IF YOU HAVE GOOD VALUES.
 This shallow film is but pretentious garbage for the new age crowd who think they've found a profound message in their little crystal beads and yoga books.  Although somewhat creative in terms of plot, the script and acting are about as shallow as the pompous message it seeks to propagate.  The story follows two fallen angels played by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon who know a way to return to heaven without God knowing it; thereby proving Her imperfect and bringing an end to Her supposedly perfect creation. Yes, to keep up with modern liberal trends God decided to have a sex change operation for this movie.  A woman named Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) is called upon by two stoner prophets (Smith and Jason Mewes) to take her safely to her destination to stop God's errant angels.  The blunt messages passing off as subtly symbolic are laughable (i.e. the new Virgin Mary working in an abortion clinic.)  Wow! What creative powers of imagination!  Maybe they should have made their points more subtle such as Jay and Silent Bob using condoms for example or Chris Rock as the 13th apostle being not only married but polygamous.  Why not have the female God get a divorce while they're at it?  But since this screenplay is an attack on Christian hippocricy, why name Matt Damon's  hesitant protagonist character 'Loki' (a mischevious Nordic god having nothing to do with Christianity) while virtually every other character has a biblical name? To appear creative I suppose.  Perhaps the most irritating was Alanis Morissette as God
 Creepy movie for sure but not creepy enough... The film begins out with promise and then falls apart miserably in the final 1/3 of the movie. The ridiculous sub-plot with Danny Glover was embarassing to watch. The 'who dunnit' becomes weak and fails as the writers seemingly ran out of ideas and just slapped together some mess of an ending. At times there was good suspense and some scenes were scary - but in the end, the film falls short of its goal.
 Pardon my theft from a classic Easy Money line, but this movie just plain stunk. Saw is a Seven clone but without the heart, soul or intensity of the original psychological thriller. Saw tries in every way to mimic the better aspects of Fincher's masterpiece, the ultra-quick cuts, the psycho who's fed up with the wrongs of society and the no win choice that the main character of this film is left with. Cary Elwes plays Lawrence, a middle aged surgeon who is married with a small daughter. Elwes just doesn't have the grit needed to pull off this grimy, dirty, angry role. He's too much of a pretty boy and you can see right through his rantings and ravings as ultra-scripted. The plot twists a number of times but the ending has to rank among the worst I've ever seen. It leaves the viewer angry and feeling hollow, besides this, lots of loose ends are never tied up. The premise is what drew me to the film certainly not the star power (or lack of star power for that matter) eventhough Danny Glover does play a cop in search of the killer. Saw is late night cable fare at best and a poor imitation of an original idea (Seven). Not Recommended.
 My husband convinced me to join him at a "sneak preview of Saw this evening. Well I saw it and all I can say is I haven't laughed that hard since I saw Scary Movie. The only problem is I don't think this was supposed to be a comedy! Was it bad? Oh yeah! Is it worth renting? Oh no!
 Here's the gist...  The creators of this film obviously saw such films as the Usual Suspects and Seven and said "Hey I want to make a movie like that, except not particularly intelligent or inspired in any way.  The vaunted villain is the worst sort in movies like these. They want him to be a genius, but instead of being particularly cunning or intelligent they instead just make everyone else him the movie such an idiot that he's basically allowed to get away with anything. minor spoiler
 There are not words to describe how bad Saw was. Horrific, and not in the scary sense. Hideous. Abysmal. Those merely skim the surface. Where to start?  The Acting
 MOVIE
 This is the perfect example of Hollywood's inability to no longer generate an original thought. This is just a culmination of 12 other movies, one that was good, some that were mediocre, some that were, well, not so good, but the end result is one of the worst movies ever made, it sucked. First off the whole feeling of the film is of one of those low budget, straight to video, serial killer, B movies. The lighting, anywhere else but the bathroom sucked, the acting was below par and frankly sucked, the short 45 sec. car chase scene, was one of the cheapest, cheesiest scenes I've ever seen in my entire life and frankly the editor and the director should be ashamed for having it in the finished product. I mean, just because you shoot a guy in a car with high speed film and make them move around so the finished product is herky jerky and chaotic looking, does not mean that its a cheaper alternative thats just as good, it in fact means that you've achieved to project yet another B grade effect, lending an amateurish prose for your film. The only reason that I gave this movie even a star, was because it does have a surprise ending. Not a thought provoking one like Se7en, which is thought invoking on many moral and ambiguous levels (which I think this director really tried to unsuccessfully imulate), no its just one of those endings where you go, "Oh, and move one with your life and don't give it another thought, unless your retarded and in which case you'll still be talking about it a week after you saw it (in which case you'll inadvertantly talk thousands of intelligent people into watching this (...). This film not only took 2 hours of my life that I will never get back, along with my $3.50 it took to rent it, it also took several IQ points that I would very much like to get back. Now there's an idea for a movie, retarded hollywood directors make crappy films to suck IQ points from viewers, it could be a documentary, not a fictional account, 'cause its happening right now!!! I really can't tell you why I even picked this up off the shelf at rental place. Guess I just wanted a little escapism. Well I didn't even get that. But I'll tell you what I did get, one lame ass movie.
 I'm probably going to get my share of flack from others on this site after they read this review, but I'm going to voice my opinion anyway.  I'm being completely honest in everything I say here.  I just viewed this earlier today at my local theater and it has to be the biggest letdown for me out of all the movies that I have seen this year.  To me, Saw has a weak and uninteresting plotline with a bunch of horrific actors weaved into it.  Cary Elwes was completely unconvincing in this picture (I've never seen him in others, so I'm only going by his performance here) When the film first started, I wasn't getting into it then, but I decided to wait it out, hoping that things would pick up by mid picture, but sadly to report, it did not.  I wasn't scared at all, I was disinterested.  I was so bored, I couldn't wait to get out of the theater.  I wasn't the only one.  I was the only one left in the theater because everyone was walking out (I never walk out of films, but I REALLY wanted to).  I heard one comment as a dad and his son were exiting
 I believe this film had promise--at least in the beginning however it quickly descends into a horrific mess with tons of plot holes and a premise that is just shy of absurd.  Danny Glover is totally wasted and it's hard to believe he even did this movie.  Avoid.
 I originally intended to watch Saw in the theatres to get the full effect that I thought I could get from such a movie. Thank god I didn't waste my money. Now usually I'm a pretty easy going critic of scary movies. But this one I just couldn't appreciate no matter how hard I tried. As far as the plot line goes, it wasn't too bad. The fact that its been done a million times, the bad guy trying to teach "innocent people lessons, is getting a little played out. The aspect of the movie which I could not get over was the HORRIBLE acting. Cary Elwes and Leigh Whannell over acted so much that it seemed funny. Even Danny Glover, who played a disjointed cop, was unconvincing. It got to the point that I was wishing someone would stop playing games with him and just put ME out of my misery by killing both of them. Now not to take anything away from the plot because I actually thought it was still creative even after being done a million times before. I also liked James Wan use of lighting and how he kept things a little abstract and dark so that we couldn't get the whole picture until the end. Now Saw 2 is in pre-production and I can only hope the casting director will step up and get some really good actors so we can all enjoy the "Jigsaw Killer's next little game!
 Wow, what [.....] and [....] what a piece of[....], this [.....]poor, [.......]. Everything [.....] this [....]movie is so [.....] lame!!!!! and the [.....]story of [....]bad, and a[......] little corny puppet???? This pop-horror [....],what kind of[.......]stupid[....], and[...] a saw??,[...] old guy and ,[.....],[...] a with [...]tape recorder!!!  Hollywood can [...]a fat[....] ,it's[....] stink's and[....]corny!!!!! Bad acting [....] .and [...] mainstream , but[....]a room [.....] ,just[.....] boring!!!!!!! I didn't like it.
 Ok, this movie is so stupid. It is not a scary movie AT ALL. It was boring, predictable, and only had a few moments that were really suspenseful. I can't believe that there's been three sequels from this movie. I mean, come on!!
 I gotta say, when I went to see this movie, I was expecting something different. From the ads, I figured it was going to be a hardcore psychological thriller with a hearty dose of the old ultraviolence to keep things moving along.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover that Saw is actually not a thinly veiled takeoff of "Se7en at all! Rather, it's a tongue-in-cheek parody of the genre. Or at least, I think it was. I wasn't too certain after a while--that's how closely they walk the line with this movie.  After the initial genre confusion wore off, I found it a very enjoyable film indeed. Ask the guy two seats ahead of us, who kept turning around to tell me off for laughing.  Don't be turned away by the promises of sadism and gore--they're in this film, in spades, but they aren't the focus of the movie itself. Yes, it's bloody and overblown. But it's more than that--it's a total laff riot. From the Insane Black Cop to the Adorable Little Girl In Peril, this movie has it all. It's a veritable cornucopia of cheesy cliche and saw-it-coming-a-mile-away plot twists.  Imagine "Se7en put to slamming metal music, filmed in some guy's semi-finished basement with a dirty 80 watt bulb to light the room, and you have Saw.  Cary Elwes plays an extremely convincing role as a self-mutilating albino grub-man with tiny pretty eyes. The Adorable Little Girl In Peril debuts with authenticity and passion, but you'll find the scenes stolen again and again by that lovable scamp, Mr. Dead Guy On The Bathroom Floor.  I think the author of the original script is in this movie as well, but I didn't see much of him because I spent a good 2/3 of the movie balled up on the sticky theatre floor, giggling helplessly while an usher nudged me angrily with the tip of his shoe.  Bottom line
 If you haven't seen "Saw (or is that sawn "See"?), don't read this. What a shame, because the ending deserves a better movie. I can suspend disbelief ("X-Files comes to mind), but this film is insulting in its conceits. The convenient coincidences and the maddening stupidities piling up at the end reminded me why I bailed out of the Fox TV show "24 early in its first season. How does Jigsaw lay motionless for hours? Why does Dr. Gordon saw off his foot when the saw was long enough to reach the cell phone? He's a doctor. He couldn't tie a better tourniquet to keep from bleeding to death? How does Jigsaw know so much about so many people? How did Jigsaw lower Adam into the tub, then have time to position himself in the middle of the room before the water roused Adam? Dr. Gordon was awake when Adam regained consciousness, so why wasn't he aware of the presence of Jigsaw? If there was a lapse of time between putting Adam in the tub, Jigsaw postioning himself in the center of the room and Dr. Gordon waking up, then how did Adam not drown in the tub to begin with? If you've been given a "slow-acting poison that you know will take hours to kill you, why not go to the hospital? A poison expert could narrow down the possibilities (how many such poisons actually exist?) and administer the antidote. Your 8(?) year-old daughter tells you there's a man in her bedroom and you don't search the room just to prove there isn't? Your wife disarms the "killer then doesn't shoot him, especially when he's seated two-feet away from your daughter who is still tied-up? The daughter cries out, of course mom is distracted and of course the "killer disarms her. How does the "killer escape, travel to the remote location, negotiate the catacombs and get to the room where Adam and Dr. Gordon are located as if he's been there many times before? How did Jigsaw get Dr. Gordon's penlight? Once it was determined that Dr. Gordon had an alibi, why wouldn't the police start checking into his patients or hospital employees, since Jigsaw was clearly someone who had access to Dr. Gordon? This is only scratching the surface. Watch the "Making of.. featurette on the DVD (which was also pretty weak) and you'll see that this was a great idea in search of a story. And these guys are getting the chance to make "Saw 2? Oy vey!
 I don't expect much out of horror films these days, but as a gigantic fan of the genre, I subject myself to most decently buzzed-about films that are classified as horror. First off, very few films catagorized as horror films these days are. "Scream is not a horror film; it is a mid-nineties FOX show with suspense and a killer. "Saw is also not a horror film, in fact, it should not have been a film at all. Cary Elwes deserves some sort of award for the worst over-acting ever committed to film (put it right up there with his portrayal of Ted Bundy in "The Riverman and we may have the worst actor of today on our hands), the script reads like it was written by a middle-school kid daydreaming out the window about one day killing the lunch recess bully, and the visuals are god-awful( the car scene narrowly beating out the cut-to-flashback format of the first two killings. Ever since that other tremendous film "Sixth Sense", we seem to always have to have the surprise ending in every horror film, as if it is a prerequiset for the film to be made. Very rarely is this ending a surprise; here it is no different. The difference is, this ending makes absolutely no sense. There was no preperation, no thorough introduction of the character and then no identification as to real motive. This is a film made by amateurs, and it shows. Whoever green lit this peace of trash, should not be allowed that respondsibility again. This film attempts to be clever, to make you think. What it achieves, though, is completely opposite. It is films/"art like this that help to create a less intelligent society.
 Yes, this is simply nothing more than mind rot at its most blatant! There is no plot, no psychology, no suspense, just gore-gore-gore-and MORE gore just for the sake of showing gore. And to think this film not only is a 'hit', but it has spawned sequels. Now, that to me is psychologically frightening, a lot more scarier than this film (or its sequels) could ever dare to be. If I wanna see someone being tortured, I'll visit youtube and watch some Iraq footage or something, but I really don't prefer to view someone being tortured just for shock value. I advise anyone with any common sense of decency to stay as far away from these trash 'snuff-porn for dummies' films as possible. They are a plague on our country, and people are sitting in theaters eating them up as they are eating their popcorn and being told 'this is ok to watch', brainwashed like mindless sheep. Treat this crap like AIDS or Typhoid Mary, for it is liken to a very scary virus that's overtaking theaters in place of what used to be great cinema. I just read someone reviewing "Hostel part 2 saying that Hitchcock would love it. HUH??? REALLY???! What drugs are these people on to even remotely try to compare this garbage to anything Hitchcock???! He wouldn't even watch such crap, let alone applaud it. And the same goes for Jonathan Demme (the director of the classic "Silence of the Lambs", another film these 'fans' are comparing this crap to). Don't get me wrong, for I believe everybody has the right to form their own opinion, but these type of films were hidden from sight and concidered illegal just 20 years ago, and now they are being paraded from theater to theater with pride. What the h*ll happened to our society??? If I wanna see someone digging in a toilet, I will watch a plummer working, that would be more entertaining than this trash anyday. And, since I prefer my horror films to be psychological, I will steer as far from this as Humanly possible, and I advise the same for any other intelligent/intellectual film goer out there. Thank you.
 (This review does not necessarily expose the plot of the movie, however it may change one's expectations of the movie and thus make for a less enjoyable experience.)  Ever rented a scary movie, expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear, and instead ended up howling in laughter at each and every stupid turn of the plot? This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare the viewer. It was cut poorly and jumped around too much; making references to the past seem more like excuses as to why the plot was heading in its particular direction. The writers must not have thought about how the potentially excellent plot should have been carried out, because the poor construction of time throughout the plot is discouraging to the viewer and makes the movie increasingly tiring to watch.  Almost worse than the writers having abused what could have been an excellent and classic thriller was the fact that it gradually relied on cheap tactics for a scare. The acting didn't make it scary, and the situations hardly made it scary, therefore it needed a few dark scenes with things jumping out at you to make it worthwhile. Even those were predictable.  Not even the gore could've saved the plot, and it rivals the gore of the successful thriller Se7en.  Speaking of Se7en, I feel like Saw tried to follow Se7en's incredibly fascinating psychological theme, but failed miserably in doing so. I was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of the killer. The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller; believe me, it is far from that.  Oh, did I mention poor acting? At first, Cary Elwes seems makes a convincing performance; however, this completely deteriorates at the most crucial parts of the plot. I was left in tears of laughter at this performance, which is worthy of a Razzie. The performance of Leigh Whannell is also terrible and too played-out, although not as bad as the performance by Elwes, and the big red flag with this is that Whannell is also a writer for the movie.  The end of Saw could never make up for having lost the entire middle of it, and that is what makes it a huge failure. It was an opportunity wasted, and I have no clue as to why Monica Potter and Danny Glover chose to take roles in this movie.  I am mad at myself for wasting money on just renting it. It was definitely not worth the $4, and in the future I will definitely avoid seeing anything having to do with Elwes, Whannell or James Wan. The big tragedy in this is not that it lacked basis to its plot, it's that the great potential storyline was thrown away and poor acting added insult to injury. I'll avoid the poor puns involving the title and just conclude with this
 "Saw is a badly acted movie with spotty writing and odd direction. The characters aren't believable and the twist at the end is even more unbelievable. Nothing rings true, unless you like gore for gore's sake.  This is not a horror movie in my opinion. It's simply a horror.
 I saw this movie for the first time on the SciFi channel. It is so poorly filmed that it could've been a made-for-tv movie. They must have had a very low budget to make it.
 I was told by several people at work that this was the best horror movie that they had seen in a long while.  Based on their opinions, I went and bought the special edition.  After viewing 'Saw' I came to the conclusion that it was one of the silliest movies, horror or otherwise, that I had seen in quite some time.  Firstly, it's not scary in the slightest.  Gory does not equal scary in my book.  Also there were several unintentionally funny scenes in the movie.  The silly mask that 'Jigsaw' wears was just one thing that made me laugh.  If you're a connoiseur of horror movies as I am, I would recommend 'Saw' for a good laugh but nothing else.  I don't think I'll listen to the people I work with anymore.
 I should apologize for such a bad joke but it's appropriate here.  Saw stands alone as the only film this year in which, at the end, I was wishing for horrible things to happen to all the cast members and anyone connected with this monstrosity, I exempt the little girl who was too young to know any better.  Like all truly horrible experiences, this film was just intriguing enough to get me in the door, and then to keep my attention for a little while, I can forgive much in a film, especially when the filmmakers are walking such familiar ground.  Seven, Silence of the Lambs, Copycat, Kiss the Girls, The Bone Collector and on and an and on, we have seen this formula many times, most recently with "Taking Lives", all these films have much in common.  We have a serial killer who is, by necessity, crazy and brilliant, he either A. Has someone who is going to die/be killed if the hero does not solve the mystery B. He will strike again unless the hero solves the mystery.  Pick one.  With so many other films like this I don't expect big surprises, but I was wrong.  This was surprisingly, maddeningly, excruciatingly bad, really bad.  As if it weren't enough that we had a familiar story line, the producers of this bile had to handle it like a paint by numbers game.  The cop who is after the killer has all the newspaper clippings from the case taped to the walls of his crappy little studio apartment.  Why?  So the audience can read them of course, also because it is a tired clich&eacute;.  Like all bad cop movies, there is the convenient "abandon building, the building that serves no purpose except for chasing bad guys around, and of course it is conveniently empty except for the cast.  This film takes place in one of those strange worlds where people can fire guns around and drive like maniacs and no one ever calls the police, even the police don't call the police.  At least 5 times the villain is in the crosshairs and he is let go by acts that would embarrass the three stooges, Scooby doo and the gang would have done better.  Then there is the terrible contrived acting, the players seem to be in some sort of acting workshop where they are told, off camera, "all right now cry and plead"..."good, now lets put on our angry face", everything happens because the screenplay needs it to, there is not reason to care about any of the characters and I have never, in recent memory seen a film where I was so completely angry with virtually everyone on screen, the pay off at the end was ludicrous and maddening, there was no reason for anyone to suffer through this mess.  If my leg were chained to the theater floor I might have been tempted to saw through it rather then see this crap.
 First of all, If I could give this movie negative stars I would. Secondly, If I had the choice of seeing this movie again, or bashing my head in with a big blunt object, I would grab the biggest rock I could find and smash away. This movie is a disgrace, and I'll tell you why I think this in a second. Before I go any further though, let me just say that this movie does have some very morbid and graphic torture scenes, and it does have a few good scenes to make you jump, but that's about it at the very least. Now, I hate this movie for so many reasons that I can't even keep count, but mostly because it wasn't what I expected it to be, or what they hyped it up to be on the previews. If you're looking for a horror or scary movie to watch this definitely isn't the movie for you, but if you need a good laugh it's perfect. Afterall, I laughed my head off because some of that stuff was so cheesy. I don't really think the budget was really the major problem because there have been some brilliant movies that had small budgets, but I do think this movie was just written terrible. Don't get me wrong, I can appreciate the concept of this movie, but what I can't appreciate is the shabby way they put this movie together, and then smacked us in the face with that horrible ending. I'm sorry to spoil the ending for you if you haven't been fortunate enough to see this movie, but I gotta say that having an old man that was already dying turn out to be the insane killer at the end was pure GENIUS! I wonder who's bright idea that was. I felt so cheated by the time the movie ended I just sat there looking at the credits going they can't be serious. For crying out loud, they could've just kept the hospital orderly the killer if that's the best that they could do, and even that was too far-fetched. I could bash this movie all night long, but the last thing I have to say is that I had a choice in seeing this movie, or watching "The Grudge", and I wish I would have picked the other movie.
 This was probably one of the most disappointing movies I've ever watched, especially with all the hype surrounding it.  My friends insisted that this was a horrifying movie, and they were right- just not in the way I expected. The only horrifying thing about this movie is the acting done by a tired and bloated looking Cary Elwes.  Past that, the movie just doesn't make any sense.  And so far as the plot twists that so impressed my friend, they're juvenile and easy to guess or just silly.  Wait for this one to come out on a premium cable channel and save your money.
 I rented this and what can I say? Well... you can't use that type of language here at Amazon but I'll just go with it...  Awful acting? Check.  Awful story? Check.  Awful direction? Check.  Awful villian? Check.  Awful chemistry? Check.  Awful ending? Check.  To have this movie as a 3.5 star average and to even have ONE five star rating is a crime against God, humanity, and cinema... and maybe not in that order. If you are the brainless sort that finds Fear Factor to be "good television then by all means, buy this NOW.
 For what is supposed to be a horror movie, I did not find it scary at all.  Instead I found it annoying and boring.  The two actors are either wrong for the roles or just did not know what they were doing.  What were they thinking when they made this ugly movie?
 Saw is one of the worst psychological thriller/horror film I have seen since Kiss the Girls.  It is pseudo-Harrision, tedious, and the writers obviously did not dwell in the research department for long while writing the script.  The plot is outlandish, unbelievable, and ultimately retarded.  Not only would a person not go to the great lengths and means to achieve his ends depicted in the film, but a person could not plausibly do any of the exaggerated actions depicted in the film.  I have heard many people say that this is the most disturbing film they have seen in a long time, and I can agree with that so long as they are disturbed by the fact that this film was actually made.  In a nutshell, Saw was a complete and utter waste of time.
 This movie is seriously a joke! The editing is horrificly bad, the set design is way over the top. . . I mean come on, how could ever square inch of every "scary room have "perfect lighting?! It's ridiculous. Cary Elwes gives his absolute worst performance ever. . . . and compared to the films he's done, I guess this would be his best. He, as well as every character in this huge blunder, is completely unbelievable, and the production is as good as a middle school talent show. I cannot believe Hollywood puts as much funding as they do into material this atrociously bad. Shame on you if you waste any of your life on trying to dive into the mess-up called "Saw This movie was a waste of time and energy. Filled with pointless, disturbing violence, it was made only worse by a flakey storyline and irritating characterisation. It just made no sense! Come on! a sick man in hospital organising gruesome killings so that the victims learn to appreciate life. Then he's lying still for over 7 hours pretendng to be dead (the guy with his brains blown out) so he observe his victims. Then at the end of the film he walks out of the room. This movie was sick, and I suspect only sickos would appreciate it. Why isn't it possible for people to ban these kinds of movies in the first place, - that glorify filth, murder & moral degeneration? An ungenerous review for a morally depraved and ungenerous film.
 One of the worst movies i have ever seen!  I saw this movie in theaters, and almost walked out.  If I hadnt had payed for the ticket, I would have.  The acting is some of the worst I have ever seen and the script doesnt help at all.  Most of the "scary parts will just make you laugh, because you do not develop even the slightest connection to any of the characters whatsoever.  The methods of killing are mediocre at best, and, like most horror movies, the intelligence level of the lead characters is very low.  The one redeeming factor of this movie is the ending, which is the only part I enjoyed.  I expeced better.  Thumbs down.
 I rented this one to see if it was actually as bad as the premise would suggest.  It was.  Not only did I feel sick while watching this movie, I felt nauseous for the rest of the day.  I'm not talking about a squeamish kind of nausea; my stomach is a strong as they come.  I felt disgusted with myself for actually having watched and sat through this dog.  Sadly, there was a time in my teens when I would have absolutely loved this flick.  PS-- I also felt cheated by the image of a rotary saw blade on the dvd, when all they used were cheap hacksaws... big difference.
 Sorry but Despite it's Drama and it's So-called Horror, I don't mind gore when necessary in a Horror movie to get it's point across. but The Saw Series which By the way I have only seen up to 3 I think. Is plain torture porn, I don't like torture to such extremes, It's all it is,that and Hostel . there is no value in such a movie. And then the guy come on? oh well. maybe my bias would make others think I am crazy for not liking the movie, but I apologize it's not my type of movie, watch/rent it and see if you like it.
 A pointless plot, bad acting and the typical Hollywood formula for teeny-bopper horror movies. The ending made the movie go from crap to MAJOR crap. This movie is very scary and disturbing - for 3rd graders....  You want disturbing?  You want to be freaked out for weeks after a movie?  Try out some of the best, most disturbing work anywhere - look up director Takashi Miike on Amazon, then try out Audition, Gozu, Ichi, etc.  But for all those who thought SAW was scary and disturbing, then forget it - you couldn't handle Miike.  Try Sesame Street.
 How does anyone say the Saw movies are better than Hostel,these movies don't deliver anywhere near the amoount of carnage that movies like Hostel and Wolf Creek do. These movies are soft enough for elementary kids to watch. The gore doesn't match up to Hostel and the story doesn't match up to Seven. This movie doesn't deliver on either level its suppose to.
 This movie works for about 45 minutes, then takes a horrible nose dive with some truly ridiculous plot twists. AND I was SO happy when Danny Glover got massacred in this movie. I actually stood up and clapped. Any detective who has his gun on the killer and doesn't get him, then loses him AGAIN after obsessing over the crime to the point of insanity, deserves to die. This movie was really dumb. Bad writing, bad acting (now we know where has-been actors like Cary Eiwes go to die). What a waste.
 I saw this movie with a friend of mine the other night and I have to admit I was really looking forward to it.  I was told that it was a bit gory but it had a good plot and the ending was good as well.  WRONG!!!  This movie had poor acting as well as a very dark plot.  There is nothing happy or satisfying in this movie.  In the end, you feel very cheated and wish you had the last 100 minutes of your life back.  If you are looking for a good thriller, do not see saw!
 I had high expectations about this movie.  It's a psychological thriller where the Jigsaw Killer essentially forces his victim's to die or kill the other person in the room with them.  This movie was a huge disappointment.  It was not smart, not well acted, not a good plot.  I just didn't find it plausable, especially the ending. I guess you'll have to judge for yourselves, but two feet down for me. The rest of this review contains spoilers.  *SPOLIER ALERT*  Here are some of my problems  1. The guy lying on the floor the whole time and they didn't know he was alive.  Plus he has tape player in one hand, gun in the other, and electruction button where? Sorry not buying it.  2. You don't know if Dr. Gordon lives or dies.  3.  The guy kills Adam for losing the game.  I didn't know he was playing a game.  What was it?  I thought Dr. Gordon was playing the game.  4.  The orderly who is "innocent and kidnaps the wife and kid decides to hold a stethoscope to their hearts to hear their fear but he's not even the bad guy.  Stupid.  5.  The bad guy is terminal and in the hospital but he is perfectly fine when it comes to building the face-ripper-aparter and barb-wire maze.  6.  The whole thing about Adam taking pictures of Gordon and that's how they wound up together. Retarded.  7. Danny Glover and his parter have the bad guy.  Danny Glover is pointing a shotgun at him, the partner is trying to stop the head-drilling machine.  The partner shoots the drills.  Somehow this distracts Danny Glover and the bad guy gets away.  What the f***?  That's so stupid.  Then the bad guy gets shot in the back with a shotgun then gets up and runs away.  Brother.  8. Finally, I just couldn't buy into the fact that Gordon would saw his foot off.  Even at one's most irrational point you have to know it'll take like half an hour to saw through the bone and then you'll bleed to death, and then you don't know where they are so you won't get to them for who knows how long.  Plus, wouldn't you pass out before you could saw your foot all the way off.  Anyway  P.S.  I have to credit some of these points to earlier reviews, they're not all mine.
 Lame. This movie debuts at #1 on the 2004 Craplist. It tries to much to be like "Seven and "The Usual Suspects and falls short of even effectively duplicating the plot twists and surprises of those two films. I wanted both my time and money back. I would escape by sawing MY leg off if I was chained to a floor in a dank room and forced to watch this movie over and over again.  And if you didn't pick up on what was going to happen in the first five minutes, like what the title meant, then you're an idiot who provides a market for brainless films with bad acting and sensationalized plots and idiotic violence. I'm sorry, but this movie SUCKED!
 I can understand when someone likes a film for reasons others may hate it, and sometimes acting, mood, lighting, sound, and direction all make a huge effect on someone's opinion of something. I believe anything could be better than this 'film', even cutting myself to pieces and filming it would be more fun than this crap!  Danny Glover stars in this. I had to check the main Amazon page to verify that sense I don't own this crap. Isn't that a shock in the rubber parts??!! To think at one time he was doing such GREAT work in classics like "The Color Purple to sink to doing this. Wow, what a downfall!! I think Danny Glover needed the money. I was embarrassed for him! And, I thought he was embarrassing in "Gone Fishin", but this is the bottom of the barrel. This is unwatchable garbage.  Yes, this is simply nothing more than mind rot at its most blatant! There is no plot, no psychology, no suspense, just gore-gore-gore-and MORE gore just for the sake of showing gore. And to think this film not only is a 'hit', but it has spawned sequels. Now, that to me is psychologically frightening, a lot more scarier than this film (or its sequels) could ever dare to be. If I wanna see someone being tortured, I'll visit youtube and watch some Iraq footage or something, but I really don't prefer to view someone being tortured just for shock value.  This isn't 'horror', nor is it a 'film', but disgusting pieces of footage combined together to whet a poor filmmaker's egotistical fetishes and air them in public for all to see; and, what vile carnal garbage this is, at that. Bilge like this should be flushed down the toilet, along with the people who made it. I couldn't sit through more than 20 minutes of this crap. It isn't merely disgusting, it's PRETENTIOUS JUNK that's pretending to be "art", when in reality it has NOTHING to say or add to the world...except maybe provide viewing pleasure for people who get off on watching torture. And THAT'S scary. We've sunk pretty low. These are some sorry individuals who made this!  The scariest thing is indeed the fact that so many people love this crap. Some are starting to call it "torture porn", meaning that it's pornography for people who love violence, not sex. I think that's an apt description.  These movies are inhuman. People, mostly kids and young adults, are paying good money to enjoy watching inhuman acts. Society is becoming like "Lord of the Flies". And the people who are the sickest are the least likely to see it in themselves, apparently.  I advise anyone with any common sense of decency to stay as far away from these trash 'snuff-porn for dummies' films as possible. They are a plague on our country, and people are sitting in theaters eating them up as they are eating their popcorn and being told 'this is ok to watch', brainwashed like mindless sheep. Treat this crap like AIDS or Typhoid Mary, for it is liken to a very scary virus that's overtaking theaters in place of what used to be great cinema.  I read someone reviewing "Hostel part 2 saying that Hitchcock would love it. HUH??? REALLY???! What drugs are these people on to even remotely try to compare this garbage to anything Hitchcock???! He wouldn't even watch such crap, let alone applaud it. And the same goes for Jonathan Demme (the director of the classic "Silence of the Lambs", another film these 'fans' are comparing this crap to).  Don't get me wrong, for I believe everybody has the right to form their own opinion, but these type of films were hidden from sight and considered illegal just 20 years ago, and now they are being paraded from theater to theater with pride. What the h*ll happened to our society???  If I wanna see someone digging in a toilet, I will watch a plumber working, that would be more entertaining than this trash any day.  And, since I prefer my horror films to be psychological, I will steer as far from this as Humanly possible, and I advise the same for any other intelligent/intellectual film goer out there. Thank you.
 I'll keep it simple.  This is a trite and contrived attempt and making a thriller.  Basically the entire movie is stolen from previous thrillers like Seven.  The characters are boring and the acting is comically bad.  Danny Glover and the rest of the cast should be ashamed of themselves.  If you're like me you'll be hoping everyone dies at the end.  I love how people we're going on and on about how gross the movie was.  It was so weak. If you saw the trailer, you saw the movie.  Save yourself the time and money.
 When the acting is so hideous that you want EVERYONE to die, it's really hard to find a movie appealing. If you really want a scare, watch Black Christmas. The writers should be ashamed of this trash.
 (Spoilers)  Oh man, remember that movie Se7en? That was a classic. So good it just cries out for a remake. Only, instead of Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman, let's see if we can't get Cary Elwes and Danny Glover, both of whom are available for a slice of pie. Also, let's take the taut, inexorable logic of the original and turn it on its head... sorry, DROP it on its head, removing all wit and sense. Throw in a puppet and a dirty bathroom and BAM! You got yourself a half-a**'d movie, my friend!  SAW actually starts out promising enough. The director throws you into things in media res with Elwes and Some Dude awakening to their surprise in the aforementioned toilette, chained to some pipes that are probably non-functional, but sufficiently atmospheric in a Godsmack video kind of way. Naturally, questions abound. How did they get here? What diabolical madman would do such a thing? How come there's no toilet paper? You get the idea.  Come to find out, Elwes is an oncologist, and these two clowns are at the mercy of one of his cancer patients. That's right, a guy with Stage IV colorectal cancer arranges to capture, kidnap, and torture able-bodied guys half his age. As someone with Stage III colorectal cancer myself, I gotta say, my man gets around!  Would you like a run-down of SAW's 700 other plot holes? Or a sneak peek of its preposterous 'surprise' ending? I didn't think so. Suffice it to say that you get a couple of Se7en's elaborate death traps, but you don't get the moral irony behind them. You don't even get a lot of scare or even gore for your dough. Your biggest fear is that the film will never end!  Props to the puppet, though.
 I purchased this item at a very good price but when I got it , it wasnt what the picture said it was.
 This movie is about some crazy guy nicknamed Jigsaw who kidnaps people and tries teach them lifes values, by putting them through sick twisted games.What the heck is that all about?!It is nothing but blood and gore throungh the whole movie! If I could give this movie 0 stars I would,it sucks!
 You heard me! This movie sucks. Everything about it is stupid. This film is disgusting. It is polution to your mind to watch this. Stay away.
 "Cube is much scarier and better made, using a similar idea. Find out what happens to six people who wake up trapped in a mysterious white room that seemingly has no doors. Truly frightening!
 This movie was OK, it was kind of disturbing, but it was OK, The acting of Cary Lewis, I thought, was pretty bad. I really, really, did not like the ending. Other people who I have talked to said this movie was dumb, and I agree with them. The people who thought this movie was good, you obviously have no good taste in movies and believe me, I know movies, and I know when or when not to recommend them to people and this is one that I would not recommened.
 Let's face facts, if you are dying to see this film I won't change your mind. This review is for those on the fence. A lot of the five star reviews talk about the low budget and twist ending so let's address that first. It is VERY apparent that a film has a low budget when the boom microphone is visible in approximately 8 shots in the movie. About five of which are in the opening minutes of the film (pay attention to "Adam because that black spot above his head is not a film flaw). I saw this in a dollar theater so perhaps they have made enough money to digitally erase it from the DVD (if not those wacky college kids have a new drinking game-"take a shot for every time the boom mic appears"). Those boring hyper-cool quick cut flashy strobe like filming sequences that some of us remember being trite in the prime of MTV's "headbangers ball days are over used and only make the film that much worse. They become especially ridiculous during a car chase sequence (why not just do a few quick cuts back and forth). The final "twist ending involving the killer's identity is on some level morally off even to those not easily offended. They should have sat the killer down for a good viewing of "Ikiru". It did surprise me... in the sense that it had no real logic to it. Other than that, the two name actors (Elwes and Glover) phone it in. Probably because they saw the dailies and decided to just collect a pay check (everyone has to eat). The script is like a mix of "Fear Factor and Donald Kauffman's writing before his untimely demise in "Adaptation". It provided me with many laughs as a whole and Mike (as the boom mic came to be known after sooo many appearences) made for a good running joke. However, in my meager two cents worth of opinion the people that are hailing this as genius are the same people that make movies like "Final Destination 2 commercial successes.
 do not waste your time or money on this juvenile,lame-a** plot,piece of trash. if i was about,say..13,14, i'd say "cool man,that was gory",not caring about plot. but i'm 30yrs past that. i do love blood&guts so....but GD, there HAS TO BE A STORY LINE. anybody who liked this should think the"faces of death tapes are the ultimate. put this one straight in the roundfile.
 la verdad que esto es un insulto para las personas...una pelicula...por demas sangrienta....con un argumento...terrible...pesimas actuaciones....realmente..hubiera preferido .. no verla  salduos
 This film was stupid. What a let down. Looked very good in the trailers. Saw sucked!!!!!
 THis is one of those movies that does not play it fair. What this kind of movie does? It's simple. It catches you attention by means of a clever and intelligent first act, then goes to unlimited plot twists and clever editing that makes your brain gets numb and you will feel that you are watching a great movie, that you are being entertained. Then, some minutes after the movie ends you suddenly ask yourself
 Wow, movies today are getting more repulsive and disgusting by the minute. No wonder we have so much teenage violence. This movie goes way too far as far as blood and gore goes. I mean, we dont need to watch some guy sawing his leg off and getting shot in the head. Directors are just trying anything they can to get a rise out of people these days, its pathetic. Save your money.
 (big time spoiler) This is one of those movies that you hear everybody calling it the best horror movie in the long time, but actually suck. This is one of those Blair Witch Project movies that you wait 1 or 2 hours for something to happen but at the end the whole movie goes down the drain. A guy cuts his arm off (and doesn't bleed to death). A very young girl is gagged and the camera insists on her cries and suffering (which is so wrong), and at the end the killer gets away (who by the way didn't have any reasons to do what he did). This movie is so DUMB I couldn't believe my eyes. If you are a horror fan like me, try
 SAW 2 IS COMING OUT.. IT'S CALLED  SAW 2 
 Cary Elwes doesnt even deserve to be making films - this movie was just terrible and I could not believe how bad the acting was.  The concept was good and in better hands - it couldve been an okay film - but in this case a laughable farce that shouldve gone straight to video.  Definitely deserves to be in a list for the top 10 worst films - it would almost be the top of my list.
 The movie starts out kinda good (first 1/2 hour). Gets lost in the middle with Danny Glover running around for no reason. His character in the movie seemed pointless and reminded me in a small way of Glover in Predator 2 (sweaty and bloody, but not in as good of shape). Anyway, the acting was horrible (Cary was the WORST) and the ending was VERY predictable. If you bought this before DO NOT buy it again! If you didn't buy the first release do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy this one either. Severed thumbs way down!!!
 This movie is horrible.  Its not even worth 1 star.  This plot is so overused, I mean if you like this at least watch Seven you might view Saw differently, I could tell a couple college kids wrote it in 2 weeks its a simple formula for money which is a big part what the movie industry is about, but comon now.  But I am going to give it a star, not as a horror movie but a comedic attempt at a horror movie, some of the scenes are friggin hillarious in retrospect, recommended for a good laugh.
 u offered the saw blood cover with pics and all of it said u had it than sent the one with reg cover dont like the way your company does biz.
 this film is doesn't make sense, so it starts where two guys are locked up, it's doesn't build up at all, there already there at the beginning. I like certain things to build up, not cut to chase that soon, but I don't like certain things to build up too long, it's got to be just right. terrible ending, worse than "War of the Worlds  Ed Wood probably made better thrillers than this bloodbath crap. how does movie even in a genre, it's not horror nor suspense, it's bloodbath crap. Cary Elwes what happened to great lines like "hey great gift dad I have seen the UK version of this DVD, the quality is terrible, as bad as the oldest VHS, chroma bleed and noise destroyed that DVD.  I can only hope that the US encoders do not use the same ratty old VHS to master from that  the UK people obviously used.  This is complete shame as this is one of  Hoppers' great manic moments, the tension present in the film is ever  present and awesome.  5 stars for the film, none for the UK encoding
 I suppose that most of you who are contemplating on purchasing this DVD version of Lynch&#65533;s BLUE VELVET will have already seen the film. This isn&#65533;t exactly a window-shopper&#65533;s item. Therefore this is just a comment on the DVD and not the film. You can read my thoughts on the film elsewhere on this page, if you&#65533;re interested. The film is presented in fullscreen (4 
 and that's about all it has.After reading countless reviews for this i gave it a try..needless to say it did not impress. The cinematography is exceptional...however it is relied upon to heavilly...this movie was like looking at a shiny penny,at first it dazzles then you realize it is just a penny. lynch seems to prefer style over substance as every scene could be a still picture(then be called art),but in trying to evoke a story he relies on the viewers ability to read between the lines and hoping that the pretty colors will be enough to make the B-movie writing thought-provoking. If you feel like zoning out for awhile,looking at some pretty colors and giving your brain a little rest then rent this. other than that there are numerous movies out there that rely on sound writing and stories than visual flair.
 Someone needs to tell David Lynch that the way to get subtlety and metaphors across to your audience is not to hit them over the head with it. Blue Velvet is brilliantly acted by nearly all involved, with the exception of Laura Dern, who manages to deliver one of the worst performances I have seen in a long time. One of the chief ways of making Blue Velvet an effective movie was for the director, Lynch, to make a noticeable difference between scenes in light and scenes shrouded in darkness. This would convey the theme of what lies beneath suburban America. However, in the light scenes, the dialogue is so ridiculously contrived, that it is impossible to care at all about the characters involved. Here, Lynch has made a movie with something to say, unfortunately the way in which he says it is uninteresting and at times, pitiable. The actors in this film are excellent, and to me represent the only reason anyone should ever see this movie. The characters created by Rosselini, Hopper, and Mclachlan are played with genuine feeling and emotion, something rarely seen in modern cinema. These actors, however, are left with a script that is struggling to make sense of itself. Many have said that Blue Velvet is one of the most significant films ever made. If Lynch had managed to pull of a halfway interesting approach to a fascinating theme, I might be inclined to agree. However, the script is atrocious, the direction and technical aspects of the film poor, and the story, honestly, is not at all interesting. Some reading this review will charge that I simply  didn't get the film . The problem isn't that I didn't  get  it--I did--but that the film was so poorly made that by the end, I just didn't care.
 Some have found this movie to be daringly shocking.  The only shocking thing that I found about this movie is that some many great actors let themselves participate in such a bad movie.  At the start of this pointless film, it seems interesting and full of suspence, but it soon becomes overly melodramatic and the plot becomes boring.  If you like dry, poorly made movies that have no qualities of redemption, this is the movie for you.  If you have any amount of self respect, stay far away from this film.
 Blue Velvet has got to be one of the strangest films I have ever seen. It started off o.k. but when we first see frank booth it just gets weirder and weirder. The film also suffers from bad script. The acting in the film is very poor expect Dennis Hopper. There are so many films like this and I can't understand why people think this one is so special. I was really looking forward to watching this when I bought the DVD but after watching it I felt cheated into buying a poor film. Overall bad film, bad acting and bad script. People who appeciate those three should steer clear.
 This movie is about coming of age and the loss of innocence. It deals with the dark and sunny side of life.  Kyle MacLachlan is very pure by the beginning of the film but at the end is corrupted or grown up.  He has to  take over and be man because his father is sick. Lynch contrasts the  blue-eyed Sandie with the dark Rossellini character.  This ideology is  great. We get a contrast between the innocent and the corrupt. Blue Velvet  is a coming of age story, that deals with a fantastic and surreal world.  Some of the sequences are truly memorable, especially the one involving  Dean Stockwell singing.  In the end, however, the film is a complete  failure.  There is no plot and teh characters are not at all interesting.  We are given twisted images of sex adn violence but nothing is explained.  This is a very cold and meaningless piece of work.  Lynch is rebelling  against the conventions of film making but through his poor plot and  meaningless characters also alienates us the viewer.
 David Lynch is a man commonly praised as a genius of bizarre imagery and stories. Well, "Blue Velvet is the only one of his films I've seen, and while I'd still like to see several others, it most certainly turned me off of him quite a bit.  The film follows Jeffrey (MacLachlan), a curious small town boy who discovers a human ear in a field. This causes him to enlist the object of his desire (Dern) to help him investigate and uncover a strange mystery involving a masochistic lounge singer (Rossellini) and a psychotic pervert named Frank Booth (Hopper).  Though the film featured horrible acting from (almost) the entire cast, ridiculously stupid dialogue, and an extremely corny-looking fake bird (don't ask), I think what really bothered me was Lynch's script. It seemed full of contrived plot twists and insanely over-the-top characters meant only for shock value and nothing else (e.g. a laid-back cross-dresser with a fetish for aged overweight women). He seemed to be purposely trying to be bizarre and disturbing, and I really didn't find the film to be much of either. It seemed like your run-of-the-mill "quiet suburbia with a dark side story.  The film's only redeeming quality is the good performance from Dennis Hopper, but the man is a reliable actor. He did the best that could be done with his role, which was over-the-top and pointless, again, nothing but shock factor.  There are plenty more interesting and well-made films out there about the bizarre and the disturbing, this is one that you really don't need to bother with.  2.5/10
 If you read most of the reviews you'd think I'd give the movie the same rating, NO WAY. This movie stinks, and that's putting it lightly. I've heard some call it a "cinematic masterpiece", I don't think so, more like a waste of miles of film. Some say it's one of the best films of the 80's. Wow that's funny, it didn't win an oscar for best picture. It also didn't make the American Film Institute's Top 100 Best American Movies Of All Time list. In the story, a young man finds a severed ear and begins an investigation which leads him through the perverse side of a small town. While he attempts to solve the crime he meets a woman named Dorothy (Isabella Rossellini) who is in a wild relationship with a sadist named Frank Booth, played by Dennis Hopper. He becomes deeply obsessed with Dorothy even though he already has a girl of his own (Sandy Williams played by Laura Dern).This is a mystery movie with loads of sexual deviance. Seeing it once was enough for me. This is one of those "out in left field pictures". Oh and by the way, I've noticed that most people who give this movie a low rating, get lots of "no votes on the "was this review helpful column including myself. That's OK, whoever you people are, can say our reviews aren't good all day long, it won't change the fact that this movie [IS BAD]
 I was really looking forward to seeing this one. I had heard nothing but great things about it, especially Dennis Hopper's disturbing portrayal. Now my only question is, why did Hopper agree to be associated with this trash?  The film makes a bold-but unsuccessful-attempt at delving just under the surface of small-town America. The result is a convoluted, over-acted, downright laughable piece of grade-A garbage. The only reason I gave it one star is that there was no choice for ZERO. A whodunit? How about a whocareswhodunit? Don't waste your time with this. There are more exciting and/or fulfilling things to do in life, like licking stamps or folding socks.
 This movie is so bad, it deserves its own genre. I think I'll call it "film crappe". In the 80s, many gutsy directors experimented with an unconventional style as a response to the straightforward Speilberg formula we all know so well. Some directors were successful while others were just plain clumsy.  Blue Velvet falls solidly into the latter category. It is basically a Hardy Boys Nancy Drew story peppered with a lot of profanity, weird close-ups, and sexual grossness. "Sexual grossness means that these scenes are so unglamorous and disgusting that not even John Holmes could get turned on. Trust me on this; I never thought I'd be yelling at the screen "Put your clothes on, Isabella, for all that's holy! I've seen enough beer belly for one night!  Artistically speaking, Lynch wavers between surreal and stupid. The film begins quite well but quickly degrades as soon as the actors open their mouths. Dialogue isn't Lynch's strong point. He should stick to gore.  I'll give you one example of the film's cheesiness
 If your taste runs towards the morose, then David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  is for you.  Unfortunately, there is little in this widely acclaimed film that makes it watchable or enjoyable.  It's a depressing exercise in non-humanity, and is better left on the shelf.  The director shocks us into thinking his characters have a real raison d'etre, when in fact there is little to explain why they behave the way they do.  A waste of talent, time and critical support.
 I make it a point to see hundreds of films from virtually every genre, and I judge them good or bad primarily on the basis of how convincing the acting is, how believable the plot line, and whether or not the film generally avoids kitsch and cliche.  Like most people, I usually agree with the critics (except when they seem to under- or overrate a film based on colleagues' opinions), and it was Blue Velvet's widely positive reviews that moved me to see it.  I have never been left so convinced of critics' tendency to jump on the overrating bandwagon.  Overall, the film is atrocious, with it's absolutely last-rate acting being its worst feature.  I'll never forget a few of the more glaring examples of hokum, including a scene when McLachlan's character turns to his sweetheart and begs, "Why, Sandy?  Why are there people like (Dennis Hopper's villainous character) Frank in this world? Why oh why?!  Or the numerous instances when Laura Dern's character insists -- through halting sobs -- to go along on Jeffrey's oh-so-dangerous detective missions ("No, Sandy!  It's TOO dangerous!  I care about you TOO much!").  Awful.  Just awful.  The last scene is brief, but it really captures the essence of this film
 One of the worst movies I ever saw.  Dennis Hopper must have been on drugs to have acted in this movie.  It was crap from beginning to end.
 I picked this disc up a couple of months ago at Best Buy, and I can't begin to describe how disappointed I was.  First and most importantly, there's more than one glaring inaccuracy. If you're going to do a documentary about Gettysburg, shouldn't you at least check the basic facts? It was frustrating, to say the least.  So frustrating, in fact, that I've yet to watch the portion detailing Lincoln's post-battle visit to Gettysburg. If the battle portion was any indication, the Gettysburg Address segment was going to be as bad ... or worse.  The ONLY decent feature were the battle maps. When viewed in high definition, they're fairly cool. However, a few maps here and there isn't nearly enough to warrant a purchase. Go with something else ... anything else.
 This documentary is total BS. The facts and opinions are totally wrong. I doubt that whoever was responsible for this have even read a single book on Gettysburg.  Heth's troops opened the battle, not Early's. Little Roundtop was the most important battle feature on the second day, not Culp's hill. Custer did not "Save the Union". Indeed Grant's victory in Vicksburg did more to end the Civil War than the battle at Gettysburg. Had Meade lost there he would have retreated into Washington's inpenetrable defenses and waited for Grant's army to push Lee away from the district. I have read in many books about Gettysburg that Lincoln was livid that Meade did not follow up the battle by persuing Lee. Their statements as to a 'discovery' of a hand written telegram regarding this and subsequent opinions was absurd. Indeed these four "facts are only the beginning.  Even the material regarding the address was silly.  Avoid this garbage.
 This is a repellent story about an impoverished Victorian entomologist who falls in love with an aristocrat. The only redeeming value of this movie was to depict in what is probably a realistic way the treatment of servants  in that era.
 Total waste of time.  Waited for the ending to somehow validate this moronic movie and only got further into that place where you say to yourself "How did I sit through that whole piece of junk?  I'd give it about a -3 if they had minus stars.
 Historical epics have been a part of Chinese cinema for a long time, and now that Jackie Chan has grown just a tad too old to pull the insane stunts of his youth, it makes sense that his latest film, his first directorial effort since 1998's Who Am I?, is 1911, a historical drama about the Xinhai Revolution, which overthrew China's last imperial dynasty. Released on the 100th anniversary of the revolution and marking Chan's 100th film, 1911 was unfortunately a failure here in the States, where it took home just over $135,000 at the box office is one of the worst films of Chan's career. The problem, is that the film relies too heavily on title cards to explain already convoluted plot points, rendering the proceedings more akin to a history lesson than a piece of entertainment. If you aren't already familiar with the story taking place, you may find 1911 tedious, overlong, and dry, three words you'd never have thought to associate with a Jackie Chan movie.
 In my opinion, this is one of Jackie Chan's weakest movies. The pace of the movie left no room for actor play and character development. Unless someone understands the history of what was happening in China in 1911 (which I do not), it is hard to make sense of what is going on in the movie. There is an attempt to put the explanation and commentary on the screen, but the font is so small, it is impossible to read in regular definition resolution. After watching the movie I have no more knowledge or understanding of what happened in China in 1911. I also could not bring myself to connect with any of the characters.  The biggest thing that just escapes me with this movie, though, is this. Does Jackie Chan really believe that the revolution was a good thing for China and that Communism has anything good to offer? Was the movie a piece of propaganda forced onto him by the Chinese government (which would explain why the movie is so bad)? I just do not get it.
 Disjointed movie. Bad Chinese propaganda linking the 1911 revolution for democracy to the 1949 communist revolution that installed a dictator government. Jackie Chan sold out.
 The DVD version of this film is a nightmare.  When this movie was released I was the night projectionist is a grind house in downtown San Diego, California.  It was so incredibly offensive that I immediately put it in my "Cult Classic list.  Imagine my horror upon watching the DVD.  The sound track is perfectly horrible and the "editing is nothing less than a hatchet job, to say nothing of being a close relative to book burning.  The pitiful Pollyannas who did this have completely robbed the film of its impact.  What kind of a world do these people think we're living in anyway?  I strongly advise against buying the DVD in its current state.
 This DVD is Complete Rubbish! No, not because of the Racism, The Klan, Lynchings, etc., but because of the Poor Acting, Film Quality, and Editing. The DVD Producers actually turned this into a PG Rated Fim...Oh, it's still called an "R", but the Lola Falana Rape Scene was Spliced so heavily that it not only fails to move Me emotionally, I would miss it entirely should I blink My Eyes. The Original Opening Scene, Where a Topless Young Black Lady (Jeanne Bell) is tossed around by White Men standing in a Circle is Edited Out as well, the Producers try hard to omit Racially-Charged Scenes, but to do so leaves the Film empty, unfortunately they keep the Redneck Characters intact, the crappy acting from both Marvin and Burton, and a Dull O.J. Simpson, whose own Voice was overdubbed in this Film.....
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it's a joy to watch. You have  to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of  "The Klansman. Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was  awash in vodka. He arrived in Oroville, California and promptly proposed to  an 18 year Denny's waitress. His costar, Lee Marvin, was also drinking a  bottle a day. Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible  movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious  moments. Burton, as usual, dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a  Southern accent are pitiful, to say the least. Marvin's acting is much  better, but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script, he  can't fare much better. This is a great movie to watch with a couple of  beers. If you appreciate a terrible script, crude sets and two major stars  who were drunk out of their minds while filming, you'll love this one.
 I watched the Klansman on my Kindle Fire. I was appalled to discover two first rate actors, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin, as the protagonists. I've seen "disaster zone movies before and I must say that the Klansman makes the top five! The only reason to watch this movie is to see Burton-Marvin "acting as part of a sentimental journey into the past... There's nothing else to recommend this complete failure.
 Dire.  By which I mean the DVD which seems to have been authored by someone at home with some free software.  The DVD claims to be 112 minutes long (It says that on the packaging) but it is only 100
 I can't believe two great actors would lend their names to this catastrophe.  It wouldn't even make the B-movie list.  Reviewers said there was a lot of editing out of violence. I can't imagine what could be restored to make this worth anything.  It was cliche-ridden, poorly written and poorly acted. For example Burton's character was supposed to be crippled--Richard Burton hardly ever maintained that simple bit of acting.  The Klan was an evil entity.  Actually more insidious than the film depicts. So much more could have been made out of the story. Even the climactic scene was cut short.  I can't believe it, but the best acting was done by OJ Simpson.  Then there was the penniless white woman who was raped, She had a hair color job and make up that would have cost a month's salary--not convincingly destitute.  Her rape was never cleared up--among several loose threads left dangling.   It was even worse than  the first BILLY JACK from the same era.
 I don't know who was more lubed, Marvin or  Burton.  Lola Falana is the victim of a really brutal gang rape, OJ Simpson is whacking people left and right.  Not even bad enough to be funny.  Hard to believe the same man who directed FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE was involved.  Save your money.
 This is one of my most disappointing blu-ray purchases ever. As you can readily see from multiple sources, this film was shot 1.37
 This video is just horrible!  I bought it because my 18 month old loves Elmo.  Elmo is barely in the video!  After 2 minutes, my toddler walked out of the room.  It most definitely did not hold any interest for her.
 We were disapointed to see this video had very little of Elmo and a lot of Rosie O'Donnell. It really didn't keep me son's attention - and when Rosie broke into song - my son broke into the other room. His other Sesame Street video Let's Make Music keeps him interested even after 40+ veiwings. Elmopalooza lost his interest the first time he saw it.
 Let me start by saying our son is a big Elmo fan, and we think "The Best of Elmo is tremendous. This DVD starts VERY VERY VERY slowly...and gets worse and worse and worse.  The opening segment takes forever to get through and offers nothing to keep your child's attention or your attention. When the music finally starts, it is disappointing beyond description.  Our son hated it, we hated it, and returned it after 1 abbreviated viewing.  This DVD has nothing to offer for anyone in any age bracket.
 Our family has an embarassingly large collection of Elmo and Sesame Street DVDs, so I speak from experience... I found this production to be way below par. My 2 1/2 year old son picked it out at the video store and we got through maybe 
 Okay, my wife and I couldn't stand it, but my child, who loves Elmo, couldn't sit through it.  Thank heavens for fast-forward.  By the way, who ever told Rosie she could sing?
 But the video is the WORST!!! This video was actually recommended to me and I was so disappointed (and so was my 17 month old son, who lost interest almost as soon as I put it on). As other reviewers said, there are too many adults and not enough Elmo or any of the other muppets. Except for the Rosie segment (which was actually pretty good, but too late in the show),the musical numbers are not appropriate for toddlers, either. They are slickly produced music videos instead of muppets dancing and singing in the studio with the singers, which is what they usually do on Sesame Street. The plot was really dumb and full of inside jokes. I am in the entertainment industry and I did not even like these jokes!... Then there were all these really brief celebrity cameos.... I can't understand how anyone could give this video a good review, but I guess to each his own.
 I rented this from the video store and could not believe my eyes when I saw what a poor quality film it was.  It looks like this is home movie shot with one camera because you constantly see the camera shifting from actor to actor.
 I've enjoyed previous movies that Laz Alonso was in, like "Stomp the Yard, "Fast & Furious, "This Christmas and "Jumping the Broom so I figured, "Hey, I've never heard of this film. He's in really good movies. Let me check it out.  Cons
 Before you consider throwing away money on this atrocious "film, know that the product description is most definitely misleading.  Besides the fact that the film is in no way close to being a "B-film as mentioned in the product description, this film is not made by Irish or Scotsmen, but actually consists only of Texans.  This movie has no real association with Irish or Scotsmen, and as for the acting it is merely reading lines at a grammar school comprehension level, and the movie would be improved drastically if edited to be a black and white silent movie.  Also, while irresponsibly not mentioned anywhere about this product, it is by far not appropriate for children.  Do not waste your money on this embarrassment, because all you will get is 2 hours and 20 minutes of homophobic jokes and film quality surpassed by high school AV club movies.
 Take your $27 plus shipping and flush it down the toilet.  Perhaps some good can come from the money that you would have wasted watching this rip off.  I am not quite sure that Strangeheart technically qualifies as a movie per se.  I have yet to see a middle school play that was so poorly crafted, written or acted.  Drunk or not, what a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Find something better to do with your time.
 The Anchor Bay version from 2001 is currently the best you can do with this title.  I had high hopes for the new release, but was suspicious based on the awful cover art.  Sure enough, they have a super-low bit rate, are actually zooming on the image in some areas and have problems with no English subtitles on some of the extras (the film is in French).  I've shown the Anchor Bay version to friends in the last few years all of whom have been impressed by this clever caper from 1981.  But when a company comes out with a new version (seven years after the last time Diva was released on DVD)  it deserves a whole lot better than this.  I second the call for the director of the film and whoever owns the rights to get it the heck away from Lion's Gate so Criterion or some decent production studio can take a crack at it.  DO NOT BUY THIS EDITION.
 Diva is one of my favorite international movies with spectacular surrealistic cinematography and French-style action mixed with beautiful  bel canto singing.  Unfortunately, the producers of the DVD version of the  movie really didn't know what they were doing on the audio track which is  mono and seems to suffer from severe compression and distortion  effects.  The effect is that the sound track sounds muffled and  occasionally even  drops out altogether. Unfortunately, the  audio quality is so bad that it  really ruins the movie, and  ultimately makes one want to fast-forward  through Wilhelmenia Fern&aacute;ndez's beautiful singing. What a  shame. Therefore, although I highly recommend the movie, I would  definitely NOT recommend this DVD.  Perhaps the video version or  French-only release is better.
 This DVD is an insult to DVD technology. I have never heard such a bad sound, not even on video tapes. The movies worth is at least 50% sound (who ever saw it). Besides the fact that laguage is french (what I oversaw) this  es my worst DVD experience ever. 1 star is too much.
 Horrid sound that gets worse as the movie progresses.  I'd read the customer comments and bought it anyway.  The sound is so bad at the end of the film that I had to turn the volume up to 9/10ths to hear anything at all.  Instead of enjoying the film I was constantly reaching for the volume control.  By far this is the worst transfer of a film to DVD that I've seen/heard.  If you're thinking of buying, think again or go get a video copy.
 A brilliant film, you really should get a copy, but DO NOT BUY THIS DVD!! The video is muddy, it reminds me of the Asian Bootlegs shot in theaters by people with cameras hidden in their coats - ironic no?  The sound is beyond description, distorted, muted, flat , just aweful.  Don't waste you time here, move on to one of the higly rated more recent transfers!
 When McClintock (my fave Wayne movie, by the way) came out on VHS, there was a big controversy because  Goodtime  video released it in such bad shape. About a week after they released it, John Wayne's son who had produced the movie, said that Goodtime had released it without his permission. He then released a much better version. BOTTOM LINE
 The DVD is of very low quality due to the use of an old unrepaired master film. It is also in the pan/scan format for TV. If you want to see this movie in it's best form, watch it on Turner Classic in the cleaned up wide screen format. I give this DVD 2 thumbs down.
 The movie is a classic John and Maureen.  The problem is that the transfer appears to have been done in a theatre, with a video camera using a very old print that has been run hundreds of times.  This gives you images with what appear to be tears, burns and other image reducing faults.  I went back to my old VHS copy to see what the real image was supposed to look like. All in all, one of the worst transfers I have ever seen.
 Horrible picture on this DVD.  The picture was faded, blurring, and out of  sync!  It was awful! I want to get my money back!  BUT there is good news. Now you can get the official authorized version, which we did, and it's excellent.
 First thing I need to say is that this rating is NOT based on the film  itself. This is a wonderul, charming funny movie. However, the quality of  this dvd is very poor. There are lines that move through the picture  occasionally, there are bits of lint and dirt (like in a movie theatre),the  sound is not always crisp, the film quality itself is sometimes fuzzy and  unclear. I would highly recomend taping the remastered version off of TNT  when it comes on, or buying the vhs version ( I believe it's better, but  not having purchased it myself I would be careful before I buy). I do hope  that they will re-release this movie onto dvd in its remastered format. If  they do, it's worth the wait, pass on this one.
 The Delta Entertainment DVD is clearly a pirated product and one of the worst film-to-DVD transfers I've ever seen.  At 50 cents a dozen this DVD would still be a waste of money.  Go with the Wayne Estate authorized version.
 The Good Times version of McLintock was of atrocious quality. It ruined the entire experience. THis version should not be sold unless there is a disclaimer of the poor quality.
 The picture looks like a VHS tape of McLintock if someone taped it on cable in 1987. Terrible picture quality, snowy, blurry, very disappointed
 Great Movie but DO NOT BUY this poorly made copy from Hong Kong/Taiwan. Our bought VHS tape has better picture quality than this DVD version.
 I have the video and the DVD for this movie. My copy of the DVD is horrible. Goodtimes replicated the DVD and it has lines and blurriness throughout. I am a John Wayne fanatic and was very disappointed in the DVD. The video I have is by MPI and it is in much better shape then the DVD. If you plan to buy this movie...WAIT until someone does it right!!
 The quality of this addtion is very poor and it is not near as good as the Family autherized copy.  It is not centered right and some seens are out of focus and I was very disappointed.  I have searched for the better copy and have not been able to find it.  If you have a copy please e-mail me thank you (I have a copy on VHS)
 Goodtimes video has butchered this great movie.  Sometimes the person talking is not in focus or even on the screen.  Some scenes are missing.  I can't take it back for mine was a gift.  Make sure you buy the version authorized by the Wayne estate if you want the real movie with all of the scenes included.  I have that copy on VHS.  Sorry to say I have not yet found it on DVD.
 While this is one of my all time favorites I made the mistake of not reading the reviews of the product.  Horrible video transfer.  Stay away, do not buy.
 We just got this the other day - really looked forward to watching it. My husband & I are big fans of the movie. It was such a letdown. Our old VHS copy is a better quality than this DVD. We thought that the DVD version would be much clearer and better sound quality. That couldn't have been further from the truth. We're very disappointed, and quite frankly disappointed that Amazon is even selling this DVD. Don't waste your money - worst quality DVD I've ever seen.
 This is a terrible DVD.  The company is Goodtimes Home Video.  It was reproduced in Hong Kong or Tiawan.  I'm very disappointed that Amazon.com would be associated with such a piece of junk.
 This is one of my favorite John Wayne movies.  Now that Amazon is offering 5,000 streaming titles to Amazon Prime members for free, I've been thinking about buying a wireless router and a new Blu-ray player so I can stream to my television.  But I'm reconsidering based on the way Amazon has handled this title.  They're making a poor-quality, blurry pan-and-scan version available for free streaming.  You also have the option of watching a decent-quality print in widescreen, but you have to pay for the privilege.  What a scam.  If this is Amazon's strategy to entice customers into using their streaming service, then I'll stick with buying the titles I want on DVD when they go on sale.
 Seriously poor quality.  I "wish I had read the reviews on this product before I ordered it!!  It was as if someone had videoed the movie from a TV screen.  The picture color was poor, the images were "grainy", and the film was "scratchy".  I loved the movie when it came out, but this was a very poor quality product.  Amazon should take this off their market.  It reflects poorly on them.....
 This DVD was of VERY POOR QUALITY. The picture was blury,it had alot of static lines,vertical lines & bad sound. I sent it back for replacement & was sent another one of the same poor quality. All that was done was replacing one bad DVD WITH ANOTHER ONE. I would not recommend this version of McLintock.
 This is a horrible copy of the original.  The color is bad throughout the movie.  There are lines in the picture like you would see if you were watching an old home movie.  The widescreen version is much better than this one.
 In my minds eye I have retained this film in all its boisterous, hilarious, non-political correct fun! The available copies of this film, however, suck. I will pay $50 for a decent DVD copy of this gem.
 If you can find it, get the MPI VHS version of this film. That is the official version from the Wayne estate. It is not wide screen but it has been restored magnificently. Video products from  Goodtimes  have never been known for  good  quality. This film is one of John Wayne's best. Go on a quest. Seek out the MPI version. Good Luck!
 We were disappointed in the quality of the DVD. The picture quality was lousy. In some places it was downright blurry. In this day of computerization, I would think the movie could've been "updated as so many others have been. When our eyes started crossing, we decided to stop watching it. We were sorry we spent our money on it.
 A very bad copy for a DVD, my VHS copy is much better. Some scenes are out of focus. Some frames are off center. I'd look for a better edition.
 If you look at the fine print on this DVD, you'll see that it is not approved by the Wayne Foundation.  And boy does it show.  The image quality of this DVD has all the earmarks of being a DVD recording of a VHS copy of the movie.  They didn't even bother to use a new VHS tape-- judging by the grainy texture and the annoyingly prevalent flaws (flickers, "hairs on the screen, etc) it was captured from an old copy of the tape.  I have a VHS tape that has a better picture than this DVD.  Everyone PLEASE write the Wayne Foundation and tell them about the shoddy release of this movie!  If we make ourselves heard, we might be able to convince them to release widescreen, Criterion quality releases of John Wayne's less famous movies.  UPDATE
 McLintock is one of my favorite John Wayne movies.  It is a wonderful tale done by a great group of actors.  The sad day comment is based on the totally pathetic quality of the DVD.  To put is very simply it stinks.  Not  only is it not in widescreen it appears the film they copied it from was  dragged around the parking lot for half an hour then danced on by a herd of  elephants.  I will stick to the VHS version of this movie until someone  who is not out for a quick buck puts out a credible copy of this fine film.  Save your money.  I would have given this insult to John Waynes memory no  stars but the system required that I give it at least one. So that is what  it got.
 It is a toss-up between  McClintock!  and  The Quiet Man  for our all time favorite John Wayne movie, so we were very excited to be able to order them both for our new DVD player.  Re
 DON'T THROW OUT THE VHS!!  I foolishly didn't look in this section and see the previous reviews of the DVD before I bought it.  Bad move.  This DVD is the worst quality DVD transfer I have seen.  I compared the VHS and the DVD at the same time
 The movie is good if not great but the problem was on the GoodTimes video transfer.  The quality of the movie in the transfer was horrible.  At times the picture was ok, but most of the time is was fuzzy and the soundtrack lagged some.  I also have the John Wayne movie  El Dorado  on DVD but not a GoodTimes rendition and the quality of that DVD is excellent.  While I recommend the movie McLintock I do not recommend this GoodTimes version.  Do not waste the money on this one.
 McLintock is a great comedy/western; the casting is perfect and the script intelligent and witty.  However, Good Times Video treated this excellent movie with tremendous disrespect and cheated buyers of this DVD badly.  The ancient Greek saying of  caveat emptor  or  let the buyer beware  fits well here. Anytime you see that the DVD comes from Good Times Video I highly recommend that you pass purchasing that item. Hopefully a REAL version of McLintock will be released by John Wayne's estate soon.  This movie was not one of John Wayne's favorites and was released late for being such a good movie.  Hopefully this had nothing to do with the estate of Mr. Wayne in releasing a crisp (and letter box) version.
 If you love McLintock! as much as I do, you WON'T buy this version from Good Times Video. The overall quality (picture, focus, screen ratios, etc.) is absolutely awful -- this goes for both their VHS and DVD versions.  If I could give it a half star I would. Apparently, the John Wayne Estate or his family lost control of either the reproduction or marketing rights to McLintock! some years ago, and Good Times took some Scotch brand tape, staples and chewing gum and patched together this awful copy. The good news is that John Wayne's family authorized a VHS version made from the original master footage, which is excellent.  Look for an orange box with the Wayne family authorization printed on the front.  Let's hope The Duke's family will work to produce an authorized DVD of McLintock as well.
 I can't believe Good Times Video actually released this DVD without doing any touch up whatsoever, nor even trying to get a better copy before making the DVD.  Normally one of the funner John Wayne movies, a sort of western version of  The Taming of the Shrew,  it's nearly impossible to enjoy watching any of it due to the poor quality of the DVD.  From the opening credits to the closing credits, the image is full of scratches and holes.  There are even several complete scenes which are out of focus and blurry. This was obviously an attempt by Good Times to make a quick buck off of John Wayne's name.  Let's hope that at some point in the future someone gets the rights to this film, restores it, and cleans up the images so that the charm of this movie isn't lost to future generations.  Save your money on this one and pickup  The Quiet Man  or  The Horse Soldiers . At least those DVD's are not hard on the eyes.
 DO NOT waste your money on the DVD of this great movie. Absolutely the worst quality I have ever seen in a DVD transfer. Wait for the wide screen version that, hopefully, will appear soon. The one star is for the quality of the DVD.  The movie itself is a solid 5.
 My main criticism of all the DVD versions of this movie is that there are lines that are missing. How this happens astounds me but I know the movie well and thankfully have kept an old VHS copy that is complete. The most notable exception is the scene where Maureen O'Hara bursts in on him playing chess and Birnbaum comments her hair looks a different shade. John Wayne laughs and says he is right, she did color her hair. Why cant they transfer a movie without cutting it up? All of John Wayne's movies need authorized editions that have been remastered badly!
 I remember this film from my youth as being a great movie, and people cheering in the theatre as the plot unfolded.  However, the intervening years have changed my opinion.  One of the greatest disservices it does is portray New York City as a uniform cesspool of unchecked crime.  It is illogical that Paul Kersey's family would live in a part of town where street thugs would so brazenly roam.  And, although it does make an attempt to show why Kersey, the man of peace, turns into the avenger, it takes place too swiftly.  Otherwise, this movie is talky, has LOUSY and irrelevant music, spends a great deal of time in digression, and is unrealistically resolved.  The DVD I viewed was a terrible transfer too, but this might not apply to the one being sold here.  I was more than disappointed.
 I am sorry for the review for all the HD Fans out there . I purchased a HD DVD player to go along side my Blu Ray player so I am not restricted to the issue of titles avail. So as I love this move and it is rated in my top 10 movies I went out and purchased this HD DVD version even though I have the remastered version (25th Ann) and boy was I so Disappointed. The picture quality alone on a normal DVD via the HD DVD Player or the  Bluray Player is far supior to this HD Version. SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I had always heard so much good about An American Werewolf in London.  I had set meself up for a really awesome movie.  What a profound disappointment.  While the special effects were first rate the rest of the movie was dreck.  The acting was totally cardboard and the storyline was like so totally canned and predictable.  The director \ story teller could have stopped the dialogue in mid film and just starting saying, AND YOU KNOW, LIKE AND YOU KNOW AND SO TOTALLY NARLY AND WE WOULD ALL KNOWN GOTTEN AND UNDERSTOOD THE LAME TEXT BOOK ENDING!  This movie really drags to be a mainstream production.  An American Werewolf in London is "The Right Stuff of Werewolf movie fare boring and numbmingly predictable such that you watch the film thinking will it ever end.  Please let it end... PLEASE!  There is another Werewolf movie called Dark Wolf a total low budget B picture if I ever saw one.  The script is paper thin, the characters are badly acted, the special effects are just about good as those in American Werewolf in London but one thing makes Dark Wolf different.  Dark Wolf does not take itself seriously so while not particularly frightening it is funny.  There is enough blood and gore in the movie for any person.  The Movie is deservedly rated R because let's say your local Hooters has nothing on Dark Wolf.  The sadest thing is that in a battle of scripts Dark Wolf the solid B movie soundly trounces its mainsteam competition in every category.  Besides being the better more engaging if silly story Dark Wolf made up with laughs and visuals what it lacked in star power and location.  Amazon sells Dark Wolf if you want a real fun Werewolf buy it. An American Warewolf in London is more a study in Warewolves as Boring High Tone ART!  I don't know about you but keep the high tone artsy stuff when I want to see Werewolves I want it down and dirty with none of the sophisticated veiwing pleasure crap thrown in.
 ...a hundred more times instead of wasting another 90 minutes (or so, it felt like a year!) on this garbage. After watching this "legend of a movie (I have no idea why it is so famous?) I felt confused. Is it supposed to be scary? Or funny? Or both?  "An american werewolf in London was a disappointing movie-experience -not that "Wolf (Nicholson, Pfieffer) was that great either, but it sure is much better than this so-called cult-classic!
 Werewolfs are like the Terminator. They cant be bargained with, they cant be reasoned with, they feel no pity or remorse and they will hunt you down until you are dead.  Well this alleged werewolf movie could have worked on the same premise. It opens with the protaganist and his friend arriving at a English Country Pub and not being warned by the townsfolk what lurks out there, just stay on the road they are told in short. Of course they dont and one friend ends up as a midnite snack. From thereon in it starts to degenerate into the poor kid who mutates into an animal that one can only describe as being part gray squirrel part wolf with a bobblehead that keeps, ehh, bobbing up and down and sideways as he walks and snaps.  Ladies and Gentleman, behold the WEIRDWOLF.  Not funny, not scary, not a werewolf movie by any means.
 I never received this DVD from the seller, despite emailing and requesting the courtesy of a response...I have not received either a response or the movie.  Guess I'm just out $27.00 with no American Werewolf in my collection. Would not recommend doing business here.
 I know a lot of people out there love American Werewolf in London but hate American Werewolf in Paris which i don't understand. American Werewolf in London is the worst werewolf movie i have seen if you want to see a proper good werewolf movie you should see the Howling not this. Also they say the movie is funny its not i only got a laugh out of it because of the thought the main female character had had sex with a werewolf besides that its boring. Seriously i love werewolf movies don't get me wrong but the werewolf in this film more looks like an over inflated hairy balloon with legs and a dog mask, it's nearly as bad as the bald, over sized annerixic hampster of a werewolf from Harry Potter 3. In short don't see this film other wise you'll want to watch something else remotely tasteful to wash out the bad taste
 I will never buy anything from this company AGAIN! They lied stating the dvd was "very good condition that dvd was not even close to being what they stated, for starters the case where the dvd sits was broken so the dvd just rolls around loose and the dvd itself was scratched real bad!!! I wrote down the companies name so I know who NOT to buy from.
 This product is available with another name too i.e.  "Chemistry
 The movie opens with a man in the woods on Skull Mountain hunting "stock footage deer. Suddenly a freak earthquake happens and a demon appears from the ground.  Skull Mountain got its name because Native Americans would boil the heads of their victims and place the skulls on sticks around the mountain. Not likely, but that is what the movie claims. Meanwhile Camille, who is psychic, is having visions of the demon killing various people on the mountain. She goes to investigate. Also on the mountain are two guys with a metal detector looking for treasure...finding a metal knife used by Native Americans. (When did they have an Iron Age?) This all ties together in an exciting climax you won't want to miss! No one will be allowed in the theater during the last 10 heart pounding minutes. Don't reveal the twisted bizarre ending to your friends! ;)  The hand is what we see most of the creature, who only attacks during the day because filming at night is more difficult. The dialouge was extremely bad, resorting to fart humor. 71 minutes long because they knew we wouldn't last 90. Tempe has made worse movies...Believe it or Not!  No sex. No nudity.
 I guess Amazon thought my original review was a little harsh, so I'll try again. PURE GARBAGE MADE BY AN INCOMPENTENT, NO TALENT CHILD WITH A CAMCORDER IN THE MID WEST AND IT ONLY COST $25.00.
 After watching most of this movie, these are the questions that were begging to be asked
 This workout has no warmup and no cooldown. It's the worst workout I've ever bought. I actually threw it in the trash.
 This is one of my most disappointing blu-ray purchases ever. As you can readily see from multiple sources, this film was shot 1.37
 Donald Hamilton created the ultimate hard-nosed spy in Matt Helm, a man who would always do what had to be done. Somehow this became used as a farce by Dean Martin. One can only wonder why the filmmakers would want to waste money buying rights to Matt Helm when they didn't intend to use anything from the books, or create a character even vaguely comparable. Even the James Bond series in its early incarnations had some relationships to Fleming, although it too ultimately degenerated into farce until Daniel rescued it. But this Dean Martin nonsense--stupid, poorly paced, poorly written and most of all---utterly irrelevant to the great books that are now, alas, out of print.
 If my memory serves me right, I seem to remember seeing bits and pieces of these films on television as I was growing up.  By the time, though, that I finally saw enough of one to really understand, I had made the wonderful discovery of Donald Hamilton's Matt Helm novels.  After reading only two of Hamilton's tough, spare writing style about the cynical counterintelligence agent pulled back reluctantly back into service when things get too close to his family, I could never again watch these movies without wincing in pain every moment.  I guess Irwin Allen thought he couldn't create an American counterpart to Fleming's James Bond, so he decided to spoof him. Even as a parody it's painful.  (Humorist P.J. O'Rourke, explains parody this way
 This is a review of the DVDs and not the movies.  I like all four movies and I am a big Dino fan.  However, I am greatly disappointed in the current presentation of these movies.  None of the formats are in widescreen and they have all been edited for television.  This is ridiculous and unacceptable.  With the world moving to high definition, these formatted to fit your tv DVDs will soon be outdated.  You know that once this occurs the DVD company will re-issue this box set in widescreen format and charge us more money !!!  Booo !!!  As for the editing, I am calling it censorship.  If you want to edit your product for whatever reason, then let us (the buyer) know somewhere on the package.  I bought these movies under the false pretense that I was getting the full version of each picture.  I don't care what is edited out or the reason why, but the DVD producer should inform us that these are edited versions and let us determine whether we want to buy them.  Don't waste your money on something that will be replaced in a few years and for which you will eventually have to shell out more money !!!!!
 For those of you who are Dean Martin;/Matt Helm fans, this is the set to pass on.  The movies have been edited for TV and a lot of content has been removed due to subject matter.  There are unedited editions out there and I highly suggest searching for those.  The set is very dissappointing for collectors, it isn't even worth a one star rating.
 I could not make it past the first half hour of it because it was so graphic and seemed to just be going in an endless circle/cycle! I hated every second of it and should have turned it off way sooner, but I just love Heath Ledger so I tried to get through it. It was awful!!
 ANSWER 
 I wanted to get the DVD of "growing pains"-a TV show. And when i searched, it showed in AMAZON. So i ordered. But the true name of DVD i got from AMAZON is "a guide for parents to growing pains", not the one i wanted. Why the item did not show its true name in AMAZON? It is cheating!
 can someone tell us what this is. Is this the first season of growing pains? Or is it something else?
 Don't be fooled by shady sellers like Musicisus2001 who won't give refunds. This is really "A Parent's Guide to Growing Pains. Amazon should post a picture of the case to clarify all the confusion.
 Historical epics have been a part of Chinese cinema for a long time, and now that Jackie Chan has grown just a tad too old to pull the insane stunts of his youth, it makes sense that his latest film, his first directorial effort since 1998's Who Am I?, is 1911, a historical drama about the Xinhai Revolution, which overthrew China's last imperial dynasty. Released on the 100th anniversary of the revolution and marking Chan's 100th film, 1911 was unfortunately a failure here in the States, where it took home just over $135,000 at the box office is one of the worst films of Chan's career. The problem, is that the film relies too heavily on title cards to explain already convoluted plot points, rendering the proceedings more akin to a history lesson than a piece of entertainment. If you aren't already familiar with the story taking place, you may find 1911 tedious, overlong, and dry, three words you'd never have thought to associate with a Jackie Chan movie.
 In my opinion, this is one of Jackie Chan's weakest movies. The pace of the movie left no room for actor play and character development. Unless someone understands the history of what was happening in China in 1911 (which I do not), it is hard to make sense of what is going on in the movie. There is an attempt to put the explanation and commentary on the screen, but the font is so small, it is impossible to read in regular definition resolution. After watching the movie I have no more knowledge or understanding of what happened in China in 1911. I also could not bring myself to connect with any of the characters.  The biggest thing that just escapes me with this movie, though, is this. Does Jackie Chan really believe that the revolution was a good thing for China and that Communism has anything good to offer? Was the movie a piece of propaganda forced onto him by the Chinese government (which would explain why the movie is so bad)? I just do not get it.
 Disjointed movie. Bad Chinese propaganda linking the 1911 revolution for democracy to the 1949 communist revolution that installed a dictator government. Jackie Chan sold out.
 Watching the trailers for this movie I didn't think it would be very good, but I was quite prepared to have my mind changed, particularly since it had such a good cast.  The story is obviously taken from The Dead Poet's Society, but this time given a feminist edge.  That feminist edge is Julia Roberts, a thoroughly modern miss who takes a class of art students at a conservative college, only to realise that it's really just a finishing school.  There's an appropriate array of stereotypes
 I don't remember why I rented this movie.  Maybe it was watching the trailers, and just hoping, that it would not be as bad as it appeared from the those.  Nope, it was.  And then some.  Everyone said that this was like Dead Poet's Society, but with women, but it just wasn't.  Dead Poet's society had an engaging teacher and interesting, quirky students.  This was some kind of Hollywood consciousness raising that fails miserably.  Julia Roberts playing that art teacher was really not all that convincing to begin with.  Actors have to transmit some kind of inherent intelligence to be believable as teachers.  She does not.  And, as usual in movies, the orders of the art time periods are mixed.  Its cave painting, then Pollack, then Van Gogh.  Uh, ok?  As for the actresses, the only one I found somewhat palatable was Ginnifer Goodwin, who to me played someone who was not a stereotype or a caricature.  The rest of them....  Julia Stiles plays an overachiever.  Again.  Maggie Gyllenhall as the one who sleeps around and Kristen Dunst as the marrying one.  Boring.  Kristen Dunst's marriage falls apart.... What a shock.  I also couldn't understand why this movie was made.  The 50's were a really divisive time in America, and set the stage for the 1960's.  So this slice of life from the privileged classes enjoying the privileges of the privileged classes is supposed to remind us of the "good old days when women wore chastity belts, I mean girtles?  Women worked back then, women go to college looking for a husband now.  What message is this movie trying to transmit?  I have no idea.  Now these are just the same comments everyone makes, but the movie lacked one more thing.  Flesh.  Sex.  I'm not saying they should be making porn here, and I know, PG-13, and all, but no intimate situations are ever shown.  Just one scene of one of these girls, just alone, talking to their significant other, privately, the way couples do, would have been sufficient.  Instead, its just "oh, let's get married.  Let's get divorced, etc.  Like that's what the script says.  I got the feeling that maybe there were some scenes like that, but that committee that makes the movies in Hollywood, so that they are as bland as possible and reach as wide an audience as possible said "cut the sex.  Don't want America's children to know anything about life.  If you must see a Julia Roberts movie, rent My Best Friend's Wedding.  That one at least has some singing in it.
 The theme of this movie is that women should be able to have it all
 WHEN I FIRST HEARD ONE REVEIW ON THE MOVIE THEY MENTIONED THE MOVIE  DEAD POETS SOCIETY  THAT MOVIE WAS WONDERFUL. THEN I SAW THIS ONE WELL SUCKED. I SPENT AOLMOST THREE HOURS SEEING SOMETHING COPYING A MOVIE I LIKED AND NOT VERY WELL. I LOVE A LOT OF JULIA ROBERTS STUFF. BUT SHE WAS TERRIBLE IN IT AND IT WAS A WASTE OF TIME. I DIDN'T LIKE ANY OF THE CHARACTERS AT ALL. AND IT NEVER REACHED A GOOD POINT. EVEN AT THE END WHEN KIRSTEN DUNST FINALLY COMES AROUND I WANTED TO HIT HER. THE OTHER THING IS IN  DEAD POETS  THE DAD WAS MEAN AND CRUEAL AND YOU COULDN'T PUSH HIM AROUND. IN THIS I FELT I COULD TAKE THE MOM. SHE WAS ANNOYING AND EVEN IN THE 50S YOU COULS SEE THAT. ALSO THE SPECIAL FEATURES AREN'T THAT GOOD AT ALL. IF YOU INTO THEM THEY HAE A SPACE THAT HAS TRAILERS. THEN YOU GO OUT TO THE MAIN MENU AND THEY HAVE ANOTHER SPACE THAT SAYS TRAILERS AND THEY WERE THE SAME ONES AS IN THE OTHER SPACE. THE  CAST DIDN'T TALK ENOUGH ABOUT THE MOVIE BUT THEY ONLY TALKED ABOUT THE TIME PERIOD. I HATED IT AND THINK PEOPLE EVERY WHERE SHOULD BURN IT!
 This movie is really BAD. The acting is horrible and the overall plot is crap. See one of the actresses other movies. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE AT ALL!!!!
 This is yet another example of Hollywood's liberal attacks on America's most popular decade. There are books written about teenagers that portray all of them as rebels that were out to destroy their parents. As a teenager (actually I was in my early 20s; I was born in 1935) in the 1950s, I came across NO ONE who had these feelings at all both in high school and college. Neither did my teenaged sisters. ANYWAY, let's look at this  film
 You're not like the lady with the mystic smile Is it only that you're a commie we have blamed you For your anti-traditional viewpoints in your smile Do you smirk at moral values, Kathy Watson? Or is this your way of breaking lonely hearts? Many lies have been brought to our doorsteps They just lie there, and they die there Are they real, are they fake, Kathy Watson? Or just a cold and lonely, hateful piece of art?
 If you are trying to gain a few brownie points by renting a nice chick flick for your significant other, whatever you do, do not torture yourself with this mess. I can't possibly find one redeeming thing to say about  Mona Lisa Smile . It's not romantic. No nudity or even partial anything. Total lack of pretty sets or scenery. Clothes are way conservative and non-revealing. Officially zero car chases and/or explosions. Do whatever it takes to get out of sitting through this
 I liked Jennifer Weiner's book and even followed her columns about standing on the set watching this movie get made.  My daughter and I then went to see this movie and we were both disappointed.  The first problem is the casting - it is just impossible to see Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette as sisters.  Collette never had a smile on her face and it was impossible to believe that she was an intelligent lawyer. Diaz's acting ranges from a to b (as Dorothy Parker once said about Katherine Hepburn). Shirley MacLaine was also woefully miscast as the grandmother; she barely phoned in her performance and never took on the role.  This viewer was always conscious of watching Shirley MacLaine.  There was also a problem with Curtis Hanson as the director; the movie just did not have the light touch of a romantic comedy and it dragged.  On the other hand, Mark Feuerstein was one bright spot, even if there was no chemistry on screen between him and Toni Collette. I'd suggest saving your money.
 I thought In Her Shoes would be better after watching the trailer and previews for the film.  I found it to be vulgar, boring, and I fell asleep trying to watch it so often, I just took it back to Blockbuster.  Don't waste your time...move is a snore!
 If you have a sister, maybe watch this with her, it's about sisters, I guess ... If she's as horrible an actress as Diaz, CLUB HER TO DEATH WITH A SHOE. If you have this sort of relationship with your sibling, please seek help!  I'm serious.  Other than that burn it like an evil witch trying to eat your kidney!  I like a poignant 'chick flick', but this is not a chick flick, this is a collection of the tritest white American stereotypes thrown together.  Sleazy rich partners in law firms; whorish and dumb sister who steals money (oh, but she's not dumb because she's lazy and never read or studied, oh no, she has dyslexia); money hungry Jewish step mom; dad who is warm but totally disconnected (why is the dad never blamed in these movies?); unsatisfied career girl who just wants a good man to order her food; spunky WASP grandmother; heartwarming old man who dies (are old people tired of being inspiration for obnoxious, young jerks?); my favorite was the bland boyfriend who is part of the worst show of race tokenism I've ever seen ('Oh look, Johnny Blandman can talk to those black people about their fancy 'basketball', he's so nice')  Any movie where Diaz criticizes someone for being too skinny should be immediately banned throughout the world.  As for Diaz being 'hot'... ick!  Hard to have cellulite when your skin is taut on your bones.  ...and those teeth!  Like looking at a Mexican Day of the Dead doll.  If you must have a 'chick flick' try the older Fried Green Tomatoes or Chocolat or Eat/drink, Man/Woman, or even A Walk to Remember.... anything.  There is no meaning or warmth in this movie!
 I saw this movie on the plane to Europe and to tell you the truth I didn't like it at all. It's a bad story itself, but the actors were horrible. How could Cameron Diaz sleep with her sister's boyfriend? I think it's one of those movies that if you don't see you don't lose anything. It's bad, real bad.
 OK, my GF negoiated me into seeing this film.  If you can buy a dinner instead, DO SO!!!  This movie is a strict chick flick - no comedy, no action, boring, slow, all about feelings and relationships between parent and siblings (and in laws).  Plus it is depressing...
 Like it's previous Stargate, the sound is poorly done.  Which if Amazon had encoded CC wouldn't be a significant issue.  I don't understand why sound people think everything has to scream at you.  Silence is Golden.  Dialogue is what is important, music and sound effects should be in the background where they belong.  It's like having to watch commercials where you always have to mute the screaming idiots!!!!!  Hopefully one day, someone will recognize that when it comes to sound, less is better....
 I don't get it. How can anybody give this miscreation of a film more than 1, maybe 2 stars? I expected to see a funny, original film but instead got to see some of the worst screenwriting ever. The plot is just plain awful. The sets and costumes were beautifully done, the acting wasn't bad, but that's not enough to save this #@%$(* of a film.
 Worst video ever!!!!!  Don't waste your money.  Poor poor video quality,  people walk in front of the camera shots.  The video has bird, frog and other various sounds that have nothing to do with the bird or animal on the poor quality video.  You won't like it, your cat won't like it, and that is an understatement.
 what an absurd title for this set. black oil. as opposed to what? white oil? pink oil? i certainly hope that they dont expect to sell this set to anyone other than established fans. because i would scoff & giggle at the redundant title. its a glaring reminder of the 'cheese factor' that seemed to bubble up to the surface sometimes during the shows run. whats next
 Maybe it's for people in the dance world. Didn't understand it for some reason. Just didn't get it. Don't know.....
 I haven't read the book, so I had no idea what to expect. I heard people singing its praises, so I thought I'd watch it. It looked a little corny, so I was already braced for that. It's not really corny, it's just really boring. I don't have anything against British cinema or period set movies, but this one just went on and on and left me wondering where it was going.  The storyline is rushed, which wouldn't be that bad if they didn't also rush the character development. The movie just presents the girls as growing up into pretty teenagers that get sent to a performance academy due to financial need, this being paid by one of the elder sister's, Sylvia (Emilia Fox), tenants.  From there, you just get a feeling of entitlement from the girls. It's like watching a 30's set version of My Super Sweet Sixteen. Pauline (Emma Watson) soon gets a big head because she's pretty and it assures her roles in acting. Watson's acting is terrible. I love her in Harry Potter, probably because I'm so used to seeing her as Hermione, but even in that role I think she's a pretty mediocre actress. Ballet Shoes gave her a chance to shine on her own light, but she looks too old for the role and makes her character come off like a drama queen.  Posy (Yasmin Paige)is supposed to be gifted in ballet, hence the title, but other than that, we don't really see her dance well. Furthermore, it's not really clear why it should be titled Ballet Shoes because her dancing is a pretty minor thing in the plotline. It only makes her come off as a spoiled brat and only diverts the attention from golden-girl Watson for a mere seconds.  Speaking of temporary attention detractor, this brings me to Petrova (Lucy Boynton), who the movie treats just like the author did when picking her name. She moans a little bit about hating performance and wanting to be a pilot. The audience is supposed to feel sorry for this character but instead it just feels like a breath of fresh air to have a character not being painted as beautiful and talented in this movie. I didn't particularly like her more than the other orphans, but it was less boring to watch her struggle where she didn't belong than having to watch Watson's character whine because she was in an early film.  Overall, the movie version of Ballet Shoes butchers any meaning in the story by using cheap techniques like the apparently made-up romance between adult characters and constantly trying to make the audience feel sorry for the orphans. The former fails simply because they were adopted when they were babies by loving people, had the good fortune to find some random lady to pay for an education, where blessed with good looks and are considered talented enough to earn a living. They also kept reminding us they were poor, which I felt hard to sympathize with seeing as they still had new-looking clothes to wear and lived in a house bigger than mine.  Based on the reviews I've read, this movie is no good unless you have the lingering memory of the book. I have not read the book, so I only have the lingering memory of frequently checking how much time was left of the movie.
 I've tried it in my DVD player, my laptop (bought about a year ago), my Xbox 360 slim, and another DVD player.  Returning this.  I really wanted to watch Emma Watson.  
 My daughter and I bought this DVD because we both loved the book by Noel Streatfeild.  But the movie is missing all the aspects that made the book so interesting.  The movie leaves out almost everything about the Academy of Dancing and Stage Training and the girls' daily lives.  It adds unnecessary romances between adult characters.  There is a lot of cigarette smoking and drinking in the movie, making it unsuitable for children.  There is almost no dancing shown.  The actors who play the three girls are *way* too old for the parts. Finally, (and this is a matter of taste but for me it was very distracting) the hairstyles are terrible.
 this was a real downer.  The young girls were alway worried about money and doing danceing to help pay for bills.  While paying the bills was a good reason to begain with, the girl become selfish.  They built little friendship or respect of each other.  I could have watched the true life story of any troubled child actor's if I wanted to watch children act for just the money. The girls in the movie danced and acted because they hand to and in the end they really never learned anything but to keep working even if it was hurting the family.  In the end the family is pulled apart and but since everyone gets what they want it's ok.  Right?!  Keeping the family together and letting the girl have childhoods is not as important as getting the money.  By the way, the girls only have to go to dance school, never mind making their own dress or cleaning their rooms or cooking.  Their parent will do all that. What a joke.  I would never show this to my nieces because I would hate it if they ended up a spoiled and selfish as these girls.
 Nothing against Amazon.com, but I did not like this movie as there is one scene where all three of the girls are in the circle and making a promise about getting their names in the history books, and one girl ends the promise with "Amen".  The other two girls look at her suprised that she said "Amen because they have never said "Amen before and she responds that they need help and she does not care where it comes from.  This was VERY disappointing to me.  It seems that people only call on God when they need help and then walk away once they have received what they needed.  So, I was no longer interested in watching the movie.
 Synopsis
 THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ is based on true events surrounding the crime problems of Juarez, Mexico reflected in the gringo exploitation of businesses in neighboring El Paso, Texas.  The story contains many important facts that desperately need to be brought into the light, but the impact of the film falters because of the choices made by the writer and director.  Karina Danes (Minnie Driver) is a journalist for a Los Angeles newspaper who has flown to Juarez to investigate the multiple (in the hundreds) killings of young women. The targets for these murders seem to be young women working in the US sponsored sweatshops in Juarez who are picked up at night after work, raped, beaten and killed.  Danes is convinced the Juarez police force is doing nothing and takes on the mission of exposing the tragedies, in part due to her own past issues of being too idle with similar crimes in the US.  She meets Father Herrera (Esai Morales) and a community activist Patrick (Angus MacFadyen) and together they probe the police files and follow the most recent murder, discovering along the way a survivor named Mariela (Ana Claudia Talanc&oacute;n), a frightened young girl whose memory of her rape and beating is erased by her apparent vision of the Virgin Mary.  A father of one of the victims, Isidro (Jorge Cervera, Jr.) nurtures Mariela and helps her to escape the hospital, placing her in a 'church' where she becomes a 'saint' to the people of Juarez who long for the crimes to end.  Mariela appears to the public with the stigmata of bleeding hands and offers hope to the victims' families.  Danes works hard to discover evidence that will expose the perpetrators, taking a sheet of photos of 'most wanted men' from the police office of Detective Lauro (Jacob Vargas), and works with the police and Father Herrera to resolve the tragic chain of events that continue in Juarez. Fearing for Mariela's life, they transport her to Los Angeles where mysterious events end the story.  The squeaky, mawkish script was written by Michael Fallon and directed by Kevin James Dobson.  Had their vision been more directed toward defining the line between realism and fanaticism, the story would possibly have been better related.  There are some good performances by Driver, Talanc&oacute;n, Morales, and Vargas but the minor roles vary in quality.  Reporting atrocities such as the one this film addresses is a valid and valuable contribution of contemporary cinema.  It is sad when script and the production dull the impact.  Grady Harp, June 07
 THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ (2006) directed by Kevin James Dobson approx. 1 hour 25 minutes  The town of Juarez, Chihuahua in Mexico is just across the border from El Paso, Texas.  It is home to several factories owned by American companies who employ Mexicans at very low wages.  Since the early 1990s, Juarez has also been the murder site of hundreds of women.  There is a lot of debate as to whether the deaths are the work of a drug gang or a serial killer.  It has also been suggested that due to the local police department's failure to solve the crimes, new rapists and thugs have moved to the area knowing that they will never be caught.  The situation is an overwhelming tragedy and this movie uses the story as a backdrop.  We start off seeing how unsafe women feel as they walk and work in Juarez.  Then we meet the hard-headed American journalist played by Minnie Driver.  She aggressively questions the local police and befriends a Catholic priest.  Within the first twenty minutes or so, we see the terrifying reality of the situation in Juarez.  At this point, the story jumps from something that might have happened to something that is only found in this movie.  A woman named Mariela survives an brutal attack but is in critical condition in a small hospital.  While the priest is speaking to her, she lets out a howl... and her hands begin bleeding*.  This "stigmata is meant to show that she has been blessed by the Virgin Mary.  Our reporter protagonist clashes with various authorities on what should be done.  Meanwhile Mariela goes underground and attracts a devoted following, eventually landing her own radio show (!) and living under the protection of gang members, whom she refers to as "modern warriors".  The only thing missing is "Jes&uacute;s Malverde".  Now I understand that we don't know everything about the Juarez murders and that a screenwriter has to "fill in the blanks when crafting an exciting dramatization.  However if you are going to deviate so far from the true story, then don't preface your movie as being "based on the ongoing unsolved murders in Cuidad Juarez".  There is plenty of interesting and legitimate information in the REAL stories of Juarez and there is no need to fabricate.  This movie may "raise the issue of the Juarez women, but it isn't really about them at all!  If you are interested in learning more about the killings in Juarez, there are a few documentaries.  A recent one from Las Perlas Del Mar Films is simply titled 'JUAREZ' and is a good introduction.  Zulma Aguiar's 'JUAREZ MOTHERS FIGHT FEMICIDE' (focuses on the families) is also easy to find.  There is another one which I haven't seen titled 'BORDER ECHOES'.  *- note to Hollywood
 Informationally, this SHOWTIME original is essential viewing for enlightening audiences on the dangerous plight of women migrant workers from Los Angeles who are routinely and mysteriously murdered on the border between Juarez, Mexico and El Paso, Texas.Since 1993, hundreds of woman have turned up dead and mutilated and no one seems to either care or have an answer. The fear and death continue.  Director Kevin Dobson has brought us Michael Fallon's screenplay THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ to the screen as a fanciful/possible solution to what may be happening down in Juarez.Though this is but a film, the information about the unsolved murders and the religious fanaticism in the area is crucial.  Suggested companion film would be AGNES OF GOD.
 I'm sorry to be such a Scrooge with Christmas rapidly approaching, but while watching Far From Home- The Adventures of Yellow Dog tonight, it sort of struck me as boring.  I was expecting a family-oriented film that focuses on a teenager and his dog struggling to make it after a terrible boat accident leaves them stranded along the rocky coasts of British Columbia, and the film delivers in that respect but... it just *barely* delivers.  The entire presentation feels really bloated and exaggerated to me which is typical of early to mid 90's adventure films.  A film that certainly LOOKS really good and I imagine a lot of time was devoted to making it, and I remember back in the mid 90's how these type of animal movies won the hearts of everyone who had an affection for them, but as the years pass and technology and filmmaking changes, I find a movie like this just isn't very fun to watch anymore.  I can't remember if this film was produce by Disney but it definitely *feels* like it was.  My biggest problem is that the actual survival story between the teenager and his dog was incredibly shallow.  Yes they collect bugs, kill animals when they get hungry enough, encounter dangerous wildlife animals such as wolves and wild cats, but... it's just not enough.  These segments feel undeveloped and uncreative.  It's just not enough entertainment and doesn't offer a darn thing as far as originality is concerned either.  It's completely missing anything TRULY enticing.  Yes, the parents are worried that their teenage boy is missing.  Interesting though that it never seemed to cross the mind of either those searching for the boy or his parents (with the exception of one scene) that he might be dead.  It was also strange how it was just assumed the boy would make it on land.  I'd be flying planes over the ocean first.  If that was MY son out there missing in the woods, you better believe I'd fear the worst.  Granted, there was one really good emotional segment where the father looks into a mirror and cries his eyes out while his wife comforts him, but eh... that was just one moment of sincerity surrounded by a subtle belief that the boys life was never *truly* in danger.  Not very appealing or accurate storytelling.  The fact the film is barely 75 minutes long is another problem, and even though everyone loves the dramatic and touching ending, I've seen better.  Actually had the entire movie been dramatic and memorable like the ending, it would have been even better.  Personally I feel Homeward Bound is a LOT better because that movie utilizes not just a compelling story of animal survival, but humor as well.  A much better movie than this one.
 Growing up in the Pacific Northwest, young Angus McCormick (Jesse Bradford) has learned many survival skills.  He's just finishing up a nice canoe.  And when he finds a stray dog, he adopts him and names him Yellow.  Taking a few days off from school to accompany his dad, John (Bruce Davison), on a supply run seems like a dream come true.  But when they encounter a fierce storm, the boat they are in capsizes.  John is quickly rescued, but the search and rescue teams can't find any trace of Angus or Yellow.  The two have survives and are trying to find their way back to civilization.  Will they be able to survive and be reunited with their family?  This movie is fairly standard and innocuous family fare.  It is a little slow at times, especially in the beginning while things are set up.  It is fairly predictable.  But it is entertaining.  Kids will enjoy it more than their parents.  My biggest complaint was actually the short scenes.  Many things are introduced and resolved too quickly, never giving any plot point time to be fully developed.  At the same time, I did eventually get caught up in the emotions and found the ending satisfying.  The film could have been much better but does grow on you.  Don't rush out to see it, but there's no reason to avoid it either.
 I love dogs and I really wanted to love this film.  Unfortunately I didn't find it quite as satisfying at most of the reviewers.  Can't quite put my finger on it, but perhaps I didn't find the characters as likeable or convincing as some who saw this.  Even the dog was not that interesting for some reason; perhaps not one of the more attractive breeds.  Also it seemed that they didn't spend enough time developing the bond between the boy and the dog. (The movie is short; not even 1 1/2 hours.) It's a great family movie and I think it is more suitable for young children than older ones who may find it boring.  The younger ones might be a little upset near the end when the dog can't be rescued, but don't worry as it has a happy ending.  It's an okay movie, but I expected a lot more.  I like movies that BOTH kids and adults can enjoy (like Shrek II).  This is definately one mainly just for the kids.  So many things that kids can't or shouldn't watch.  This is one that anyone can watch, which is a big plus.  Probably would have been better as a TV movie and would easily fit in a 2-hour timeframe with plenty of time for commercials.
 I had heard a lot of criticism leveled at Gao Xiaosong's "My Kingdom complaining that its two disparate halves never really fit together into a cohesive narrative. The first part of the film strains for epic grandeur with its story of two orphans being trained in the art and honor of the Chinese opera (not the singing kind). One of the boys sees his family slaughtered in a political maneuver but is saved from imminent death by a wandering opera master and his charge. The three form a offbeat family unit which is threatened when their master is humiliated in a challenge with a Southern rival. The movie fast forwards until the boys are grown and ready to seek a form of retribution as they move into the popular Shanghai opera scene in the twenties. After this simple story is resolved, the second half of the film becomes a loopy bit of revenge fantasy. The screenplay twists and turns as secrets are revealed, implausibilities mount up, and characters have their ulterior motives exposed. It is chaotic (and tries way too hard), but at least it's fun.  Many who have unfavorably judged "My Kingdom tend to proclaim the first half as brilliant and the second half as the weak link. I, however, tend to disagree. I thought that the introductory premise was so thin and contrived that I never bought into the dramatic substance of the plot. Heck, two seconds after the boys arrive in Shanghai, they are greeted by a street parade extolling an upcoming performance of the man who bested their adoptive father 15 years previously. Hey, that was simple. These two vagabonds issue a challenge to the opera superstar that somehow gets newspaper coverage and makes them headliners in a opera duel. Hey, that was simple too. Now they are legends! Wow, that's a lot for their first day in town! After the duel, the boys must integrate themselves within the existing opera company that includes a defiant leading lady. As one steps into the spotlight and an illicit affair, the other seeks to avenge his family's murder from so many years ago. The remainder of the film plays as a twisty thriller that never feels particularly real. But as the convoluted plotting wraps around itself, I must admit to being amused by it all. It, for me, was far more entertaining than what had preceded it.  The movie itself is elaborately staged. The battle sequences and opera numbers have a pleasing over-the-top quality. 1920's Shanghai is lush and gorgeous and the costuming is memorable. However, it all feels a little flat. The leads are attractive enough, but they lack a gravitas to convince us they can headline an intended epic. I understand they are known pop stars in their country, and that makes sense. The actor who plays a diabolical police investigator seems like he's about twelve and downplays the drama out of every scene. Ultimately, I think "My Kingdom tries to accomplish too much. I personally wish they would have committed to making it an adult soap opera with no pretensions other than to entertain. As is, it's a bit of a mess. I probably liked it for the wrong reasons, but its loopiness is not without its charms. KGHarris, 1/12.
 Did not play well on my computer where I always play many of my DVD videos(def not a PC problem) but I had no problems playing on my home sorround system.
 The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is an over-1200-page voluminous novel. How could this super-long drama be fit into two hours? This film did that misson-impossible task. Compared with French TV-series starring Gerald Depardieu as the Count of Monte Cristo, first half of the story is well depicted, while the latter part is too brief. There is no Valentine nearly poisoned by her step mother, no Haydee, former Turk princess. And the story depends too much on duels so it is more visually described than the original story's deliberate revenge plan. But the relief is that Albert's role is spared and is given a huge part in this drama.  Verdict
 We must allow James Caviezel to be very good at being lashed- I believe, in fact, it was that aspect of this very performance that landed him the role of Jesus in Passion of the Christ. Besides that, he makes a pretty face, along with Guy Pearce, although somehow Pearce seems ESPECIALLY short in this film. Anyways, the acting is so-so, Caviezel plays Dantes as a whiny little brat, Guy Pearce acts like an evil gremlin, and the end ends happily as hollywood must, tho it makes the story more lame. The one reason to watch
 I hate to give this film three stars. Or, rather, I hate that a film based on the book of the same title is worthy of only three stars. In most cases, I do my best to separate my opinions about a piece of literature, on one hand, and a film based on that literature, on the other. And there's no question that this film adequately and entertainingly captures the tale of revenge. What it lacks is the intricacy of Dumas's work, which really captures the meticulous planning and plotting that go into the protagonist's desire for vengeance. I cannot fault the film too much, as the level of detail required might have made this 2 hr. film much, much longer, which can be a fault, unto itself. I do recommend this movie, and for those who find it compelling, I give a far greater recommendation to the book.
 I read the 'Monte Cristo' book a few months before the movie came out and I adored it, so I was really pumped up to see it on screen. First off, the actors were perfectly casted and the director did a great job adapting the book to film. BUT,I have to take points off for the ending. Whenever a book is made into a movie, the plot is tweaked and molded to be more entertaining visually. My issue was not just that the ending was changed, it was the COMPLETE OPPOSITE of what happened in the book! It was totally ridiculous! It was exactly what you would expect to happen, even though it was totally unrealistic. That's why I gave it only three stars. If you're speaking in terms of overall cinematic experience, it's a wonderful film. I suggest that you read the book first, see the movie, and judge for yourself. Or if you've already seen the film, go read the book anyway and see what you missed.
 "The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is one of the great adventure novels of all time, and one would think that it would be the perfect story for an adventure/supense/period film.  Indeed, Kevin Reynold's version is the latest in a long line (the Hallmark televised version may be the best).  Sadly, none of them have done the written work justice.  True, the novel is a complex and detailed work that would require a rather special treatment on the screen. Reynold's version is a good movie, but honestly it is not "The Count of Monte Cristo.  Far too much dramatic license has been taken here in changing the story, the characters and the ending.  Significant characters were left out, parts of the story are not even aluded to, and some things were added to create a "hollywood ending (no, the book ends much differently than this film...and it is far more satisfying).  This film is nicely photographed and produced and is largely well acted (except for the portrayl of Napoleon which does not work...oddly enough Napoleon is never actually "seen in the novel, he is always off-stage, so to speak).  Enjoy this film for what it is, then treat yourself and pick up a copy of the novel.
 The production value, cast, acting, storyline, etc. of this were good and entertaining. The problem is the movie is more UNLIKE the book than it is like the book.  If you want to watch a movie of the book itself, you will want to look at <a href="http
 Great flick for a Saturday night during the winter.  The camera work and filmaking were excellent, Italy and France never looked so good from the sea.  The actors were good, the novel was represented fairly well, and this movie moves along at a good pace.  The classic themes of revenge, adultery, deceipt, redemption, father vs. son, friend vs. friend, lover vs. lover, are all in this movie.  While this movie will not win a ton of awards, compared to so much of the low quality movies out there today, this movie definitely receives a grade of  B  or higher.  Worth seeing.
 For all its production values and sweep this version of THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO remains insipid. The characters are thumbnail sketches, which lack all the depth necessary to convey the true meaning of this story. There is no sense of revenge, lost love or even enlightenment of revealed secrets. Instead of really feeling sympathy for the wronged Edmund Dantes you may actually feel disdain for his naivete. Richard Harris brings some life and period humor as Dantes' mentor and prison mate. This portion of the film is very good being well developed and structured. However, when Dantes escapes and returns as the Count it seems like the rest of the film got compressed to fit it into a pre-determined time slot.
 This version of <a href="http
 Great Sale, however it was not in very good condition bc there was writing on the DVD.
 The original story by Dumas is a timeless classic. For me this film is not a great adaptation. Much of the film occurs in "Dark-o-Vision"...using only natural light or candlelight. Perhaps more realistic, but frustrating for lack of details to savor, and confusion during several action sequences. There are several outdoor scenes that have radical changes in lighting. The end duel occurs in bright sunny daylight and dark cloudy weather, all in a matter of minutes. The lead character just doesn't seem to have the from the gut passion he should have. Actually the leads are just quick sketches, and not allowed enough  time to become more than just puppets.I think too much precious screen time in spent in the set-up. This time should have been better spent in the social/educational/fighting re-awakening prison training sceens, especially when you have such an interesting and fascinating actor such as Richard Harris as the instructor. The delicious machinations of revenge, and the crushing realisation when the original betrayers are destroyed are not here, to be enjoyed by us or the protagonist. When he finally during his escape "gets even with the whip wielding warden it is confusing and not satisfying for us the audience. Yes, revenge is wrong, and that message is reached at the conclusion...but it is a major audience pleaser, "the money shot and shouldn't be glossed over, nor ultimately condoned. The swordfights were well choreographed, but filmed in a confusing manner, and without pace. For me the only part that reached wonder was when the Count first appears, in the balloon. But even that scene is quickly ended on a flat note. This is where the storey should start to reach an exiting level, allowing us and him to revel in his new rich and glamorous lifestyle, but always with the anger simmering underneath. There is some great location photography. Wonderful costumes. Good effort, but does not do the Dumas story justice. This is just my opinion, and does not mean any more or less than any one else's.
 From the producers of RUSH HOUR and the director of WATERWORLD comes this handsomely filmed adaptation of the Alexandre Dumas novel. Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is betrayed by his friend Fernand Guy Pearce)and wrongfully imprisoned. While locked up he is educated and instructed in swordsmanship by an elderly man (Richard Harris) in the neighboring cell. Soon Dantes hatches an escape plan and sets off to exact revenge on his former friend. Dantes transforms himself into the mysterious nobleman, The Count Of Monte Cristo in order to get closer to Fernand and win his trust, thus setting his plot in motion. COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is an entertaining movie, though the first 20 minutes are a bit of a bore. Pearce and Cavizel are good and the fight sequences are well done; but the pace is a bit stodgy in parts and may try the viewers patience. It's also not that faithful to the book, but this is a Hollywood movie. The people who give these movies the green light have probably never read a full length novel in their lives. It's all about the $BOX OFFICE RETURN$!$. That said, this is still far superior to previous Dumas films 1993's THREE MUSKETEERS; and 2001's inexplicably bad THE MUSKETEER and a decent way to kill a couple of hours. Extras include Director's commentary, deleted scenes, dailies comparisons and an interesting feature where the viewer can play a selected scene from the movie and watch it with the dialogue, foley or music tracks playing separately.
 I would say that the movie was good, but after reading the book does no justice to the Real Character of Edmond Dantes.  By all means watch the movie!The acting for one is BRILLIANT. IT is Good as I said .. but I could not help noticing that it missed the point of the many important Characters and historical points that Alexander Dumas in the book covered.  I only comment as I felt the book better and the movie seemed to bend and cut and paste people and events described in the book to make almost a mokery of the clear moral ground Dumas stood on in the area of Revenge and Providence.  Makes interesting food for thought. READ the Book first. Do the story Justice Hollywood and tell it how it is. 
 this is in general a very bland movie with inappropriate castings, further ruined by a lame screenplay. scenes and settings are all okay but all the major roles simply failed to deliver an in-depth viewing feelings. the make-up jobs for all the casts were also terrible. after 15 years (based on the age of dantes' son) gone by, nobody seemed to change a bit, but nobody seemed to recognize nobody, that's ridiculous. the ending also sucks. adapted from this great novel that i've read and re-read three times, this was perhaps the worst one transcribed from the novel. what a waste of great settings and costumes. we simply failed to feel anything emotional during the watch.
 I enjoyed the movie and I purchased it to add to my dvd collection.  Unfortunately the particular disc I received from Amazon was flawed and unwatchable. Hope you have better luck.
 Well, there's one thing that's hard to go wrong with and that's a classic story. It's hard to fault the plot, when it's based on a renowned classic like Dumas' The Count Of Monte Cristo, even if it is a simple revenge tale. Unfortunately, none of the acting rises above the page. None of the leading men are quite manly. James Caviezel who plays Edmond Dantes and Guy Pearce, who plays Fernand Mondego both come across a little weak as swashbucklers. Caviezel tends to be a blank slate anyway, but I really liked Pearce in Memento, so I was a little disappointed to see his be such a weak character. You do dislike Fernand Mondego and want to see him meet his demise, but Pearce could have taken it much further and given Caviezel more distance to grow as a character. Richard Harris may have walked through this role, but he delivers the best performance of all the actors. Overall, it's a good Saturday movie if you want to watch some guys sword fight a little bit and not have to think to much.
 I watched this movie with great anticipation after reading the book however, I quickly realized that this is not the same story that Dumas put on paper all those many years ago.  If you have never read his book it will entertain you.  It was entertaining but again it was not even close to the book.  It would be better titled "Kinda like the Count...Cristo".
 Because I read the Count of Monte Cristo in it's entirety three times in high school I was disappointed with the liberties the director has taken in this cinematic version of the film.  It starts out fine but about 1/5th of the way into the movie it begins to depart dramatically from the book.  I guess if you have never read the book the movie might be ok but I was so hoping to see the whole story of the Count of Monte Cristo told in all it's glory in the DVD.  The story line is based loosely on the story as written by Alexandre Dumas but it departs in very significant ways from the book so much so that by the end it doesn't resemble the book at all.
 Only an eternal optimist expects great things from a book-to-screen adaptation.  This  optimist expected at least good things from this 2002 version of Dumas' classic tale of revenge, mostly due to the casting of Guy Pearce and James Caviezel.  But just a few short minutes into the film, it becomes apparent that this was going to be the  Count of Monte Cristo  in name only. In my view the power of the book rests in the character of Edmond Dantes (later the Count).  In the film version, Monte Cristo is depicted as a rich fool, unable to command respect and totally devoid of subtlety
 This is a very good documentary on the subject of credit card debt and predatory lending, but doesn't pack the emotional punch of a similar documentary titled Maxed Out that came out roughly at the same time.  The documentary shows as a society that the middle and lower classes are drowning in a sea of debt from payday loan places and credit card debt.  It offers some good advice and gives a lot of cause for concern, but leaves you with a feeling of unanswered questions and wanting more information.  It does however show you that debt is often not caused by stupidity or foolishness but by circumstances that could affect any one of us.
 This is yet another of the gathered-for-the-reading-of-the-will-in-the-spooky-house with-secret-passages-and-a-murderer subgenre. And while I find it hard to believe that there is anyone who legitimately can hate these kind of movies, there are admittedly some that work far better than others. One Body Too Many finds middle ground. It begins with some cleverness in setting up the scenario. The will's gimmick is farfetched but assured an offbeat night of criminal mayhem
 I borrowed my title from "The Shadow.  I have no idea why, but since most of the action in this movie takes place at night, the phrase seemed appropriate.  Anyway, insurance salesman Albert Tuttle (Jack Haley, whose career included the Shirley Temple movies "Poor Little Rich Girl and "Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, and the role of the Tin Man in "The Wizard of Oz"), arrives at the home of Mr. Cyrus Wentworth, where he is supposed to be selling Mr. Wentworth an insurance policy.  Unfortunately, Mr. Wentworth has already passed away.  Mr. Wentworth has specified that certain conditions must be met before his heirs get the goodies.  On the other hand, if the conditions are not met, the terms of his will are to be reversed.  Soon people are dying and disappearing, and Albert Tuttle ends up in a coffin in the pond.  It is mostly in good fun with periodic humor thrown in.  Bela Lugosi lurks about as butler Murkil.  Since I knew of Bela Lugosi's history in horror I kept thinking that Lugosi was the bad guy in this movie.  You will have to watch and see about that.  This movie has all the attributes of an Old Dark House type of movie.  There are sinister locations and characters, and murders that seem to have been impossible.  We do not find out who is doing all the deeds until the end of the movie, which is full of action.  This movie is neither the best in this genre nor the worst.  This movie did have some fun moments and I found myself glued to the television while waiting for events to unfold.  Fans of 1940's murder mysteries will find this one to be interesting to watch with several very enjoyable scenes.  Enjoy!
 This film begins at a Life Insurance Company. Eight million dollars was a lot of money then. One agent wants to make a big sale. A lawyer reads the last will for millionaire Cyrus Rutherford. Was he of a sound mind? The heirs will have to live in the house until after the burial. Who will watch the body? Are there too many rats around? "This coffee will not keep you awake. Will the insurance agent be mistaken for a detective? Who will benefit from the will? Who hit Albert? What happened to the body? Does the plot have a clue to the villain? Who will hide the body?  Will they find a dead body? The telephone line is also dead. Will Albert be rescued? Is there a secret passage in the old house? Will Albert wander in different rooms? [Does this pad out the story?] "I think I've had enough. "I can explain everything. Will another body be found? Or two? Will the real killer be discovered? Will they all fall into a trap? The last scenes provide an explanation. "Such fine coffee! [Coffee was rationed during the war.]  This film is still entertaining after seven decades. A bigger budget would have made it a better film. But there was war-time rationing for movie sets.
 Albert Tuttle (Jack "Tin Man Haley) is an eager life insurance salesman on a mission. He's been trying to get an appointment with Cyrus Rutherford, a reclusive, eccentric millionaire for months. Tonight, he's finally done it! Unfortunately, his latest policy prospect has just died, leaving a mansion full of greedy relatives, waiting for their share of the inheritance. Tuttle arrives and is mistaken for a guy who was supposed to guard the old boy's body, so the relatives can sleep without worrying about who might bury uncle Cyrus (a stipulation in the will forbids burial). ONE BODY TOO MANY has plenty of mystery, murders, secret passages, and enough laughs to keep things fun. Jean Parker (Beyond Tomorrow) is the love interest. Bela Lugosi is his normal grumpy self as the butler who is constantly pushing coffee on people that just might be poisoned! Lyle Talbot (Plan 9 From Outer Space, Torture Ship) is suave, dapper, and in constant search of booze. All in all, a good flick for a cold, clammy night...
 George Pal's films have always had a warm and fuzzy feeling - except this one. However, how else would such a creative genius and pioneer in stop-motion approach such a bleak story but with a hopeful tone.  The charactors - Alan Young's Mr. Philby stands out - add flesh to the Victorian era story of an inventor who could easily destroy the world, but winds up (possibly) saving mankind from itself.  The special effects were good for their time and the acting pretty much stands up (and Yvette Mimmieux looks fabulous!)but the story and the kindly treatment by Mr. Pal are everything.
 I can understand if a viewer has only seen a VHS release of this film, worse still a rental copy, that this DVD would probably exceed expectations. Some of us though have seen the Laserdisc as well so our expectations of the DVD were a little higher. Frankly, I think Warner has given "The Time Machine a better than average transfer for Warner. I also don't think that is saying much either. The aspect ratio is off, details at Amazon.com give it 1
 Wow! I had just seen the trailer for TLS, a month or so before it was released, and was impressed. All previous attempts at a decent samurai film (save the 7 Samurai) had been complete flops but this promised to be a success. Loosely, I think, based on James Clavell's Shogun with close ties to Dances With Wolves. A washed up and aggressive western barbarian is civilized by the natives and comes to the blinding realisation that he is, in fact, the real enemy; then switches sides - Evident in Shogun, TLS and Dances with Wolves. In any case, I patiently waited for the following month to end and my hype to be satisfied.  So, armed with my ticket, a bucket of popcorn and an inexhaustable supply of cool drinks I sat down unprepared for what was about to arrive.  For anyone even remotely educated with regards to Japanese culture this movie would be instantly labelled inaccurate and a misinterpretation of the Samurai warrior.  The movie is fraught with mistakes and a serious lack of understanding of what 'Honour' actually meant to a Samurai. For God's sake, not even the seppuku scene is done properly!!!  The acting, as with most Cruise movies, is about par, the only decent performance comming from Ken Watanabe for Katsumoto. The story is dry and lacks support, even with the special effecs, music and costume (Which are supprisingly good) it drags this movie, kicking and screaming, in to an adequeate 3 stars. The characters lack uniqueness and originality, making the movie a mission to watch, as they all follow the same predictable pattern. The genre is mixed, with no real consistency and tries dismally to blend it's bloodthirsty action/thriller nature with a more dramatic and historical theme.  There is very little to credit this film and it provides itself as another mere supplement for my love of Japanese orientated movies, will there ever be one that is is comletely satisfactory? Kids may enjoy this movie, as will the more bored or ignorant adults - but any educated man will steer clear of giving this excuse for a movie any praise.
 I bought this DVD on total impulse since i already own it on reg. DVD. I figured this would look really beautiful in HD and i was happy with the quality of the picture. The only think i found lacking in this version is the volume of the sound. I had to crank my TV all the way up just to get some good sound out of it. Perhaps it was an error in the DVD pressing plant or maybe the original soundtrack was mis-recorded...i dont know. Overall this gets 3 stars from me and it would have been 4 stars if the sound wasnt so low.
 For many western viewers, this may be the first "samurai film that they have watched with only a vague and rudiamentary knowledge of who the samurai were, what they symbolized, and how they arose and declined in power.  The more one knows about the samurai, the more "phoney this film appears to be.  Make no mistake, this film is more about samurai ideals rather than the actual samurai.  This film romanticizes the samurai warrior class when many people understand the samurai as nothing more than a bunch of sword-wielding bullies who enforced the will of the local warlord or Daimyo.  There's an early scene in the movie "SHOGUN where a samurai instantly sliced off the head of a peasant who simply did not bow in the presence of a samurai.  I watched Kurosawa's "RAN (before watching "THE LAST SAMURAI in the cinema) where the samurai are portrayed as self-destructive powermongers.  "THE LAST SAMURAI looks good visually, but its potential as a great film is compromised by Tom Cruise's egotism and Hollywood's cliches and obligatory plot devices (such as the weak "happy ending).  Nonetheless, this film is a good introduction to the CONCEPT of the samurai to anyone who knows little about this complex warrior elite that have come to symbolize the old agrarian Japan that is now seemingly lost in today's technocratic Japan.  By the way, Japan's new modern army was modelled along Prussian lines.  The sight of American officers training Japanese soldiers wearing Prussian-looking uniforms continues to leave me baffled.  On the other hand, it's a Hollywood film where it is too commercially risky to cast Tom Cruise as a German officer named "Fritz who drowns his sorrows in shnapps instead of whisky.
 The Last Samurai is a showcase for Tom Cruise and he does a credible job of portraying Civil War veteran Nathan Algren who is haunted by his role in the slaughter of native Americans at the Battle of Little Big Horn.  He is hired to train the  modern  Japanese army in defense of Samurai warriors who persist in rebelling against modernization of the Japanese culture.  Cruise warns that his troops are not ready for battle and his prediction proves to be correct when he is defeated and captured.  He learns to respect the Samurai as he lives among them and learns their ways.  They return him to his people, but he begins to see that nobility lies with the Samurai and not with those who are trying to modernize Japan.  It is all quite simplistic and the characters are pretty much stereotyped.  There are lots of battle scenes, but never does this movie touch the emotions of the viewer.  There are tears shed, but they are all shed by the actors and not the viewers.  This is an epic film which fails to be a great one.
 I am not here to write about the movie... it's a good flick and worth owning.  However, the blu ray version would not play on my BD30K machine with the latest updates.  Not sure if it's the anti-copy protection or the poor implementation of blu ray from Sony.  Either way I can't watch it.
 First off, let me state that this is an enjoyable film to watch.  It is entertaining and truly worth a watch.  However... It is basically a rehash of Dances with Wolves (check out the Samurai village and the Native American references)
 Good costumes, terrific and brutal battle scenes in a breath-taking sequence which often resembles "Braveheart and a few hints of the samurai tradition, but the final result is rather mediocre, because the story itself has a weak historical foundation and little relation to reality. I can hardly imagne rebel samurais slaying so remorselessly their brethren who serve in the national Japanese Army, and 19th century was certainly not like the 16th century ("the golden age of Japan") when the rival warlords were fighting each other in an endless series of savage but highly ritual battles. Edward Zwick's work is a good "modern action movie but certainly not a classic. The obvious lack of authenticity leaves the film with only 3 stars. It is no match for Kurosawa's epic films.
 I enjoyed the movie. The sets and scenary were beautiful. The acting was excellent. Tom Cruise created a complex character. The battle scenes were reminscent of Braveheart. The comparison to  Dancing with Wolves  is fairly accurate. Both movies argue the thesis that other cultures are inherently superior morally and spiritually to the spiritually bankrupt Western European/United States culture. There was a lot of spurting blood. The fight scene between ninjas and Samurai was good.   The clash of cultures was interesting. I do not know enough about the history of this period to judge its historical accuracy. I know the broad strokes were true. The Japanese Emperor hired Civil War veterans to modernize his armies and the Emperor had to put down the Ronans because they refused to modernize. There are probably far better Japanese movies of the period.  My main gripe about the movie was the ending. The movie went on too long. I enjoyed the movie, but the ending left a bad taste in my mouth.
 I enjoyed  The Last Samurai  as a piece of epic entertainment, but it misses true greatness by at least a mile. The movie might best be described as a hybrid of  Dances With Wolves  and  Braveheart,  with maybe a little  Gladiator  thrown in. I kept feeling like I'd seen this movie before. Actually, the movie works best when it's in  Dances  mode, chronicling the adventures of a depressed white Civil War hero (Cruise in the Costner role) who adopts the lifestyle and teachings of a threatened civilization and ends up defending said civilization against encroaching white society. This is the most compelling aspect of the movie, even though its structure is borrowed whole from a film that most people now claim to despise because of its  political correctness.  Cruise is very good as Nathan Algren, the alien in 19th century Japan, caught in the middle of a civil war of another kind, between ancient Samurai warriors and a government seeking to  modernize  itself with weapons imported from the U.S. He's bested by Ken Watanabe as a Samurai tribal chief interested in learning the ways of his enemy. Algren eventually becomes an honorary Samurai himself and fights against his own people, in a climactic battle lifted entirely from  Braveheart.  Most of the action scenes are exciting, and there's plenty of Bushido lore and swordplay to keep Samurai enthusiasts happy. The photography is gorgeous, too. But it's still Hollywood's idea of an alien culture, a story told through the eyes of a white man who, by definition, can never fully experience the culture which the movie itself so desperately wants us to understand.
 In THE LAST SAMURAI, Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a self loathing, alcoholic, Civil War vet just fired from giving demonstrations of Winchester rifles. A former comrade (Billy Connolly) gets him a job training the new Japanese Army to fight against the samurai, who are rebelling against moderization. Algren is captured by the samurai and becomes an ally of Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe), the samurai leader. I'm not a huge Cruise fan, but I do think this is one of his better performances. He seems to have a knack for displaying self-disgust (MAGNOLIA) and he taps into it here. The film's first act is its strongest part. Cruise is believably decrepit, and the opening battle, where the samurai swoop down on the frightened Japanese soldiers, is haunting. Indeed all of the action scenes are very well put together. In the film's middle section, Cruise learns how wonderful it is to be Japanese and follow the way of the Samurai. This seems to consist of walking around, meditating, and practicing swordfighting. Cruise and Wantanabe have several metaphysical conversations, and Wantanabe performs with wonderful wit and economy, but nothing happens for far too long. THE LAST SAMURAI is entertaining, if a bit bloated, and contains several superior action sequences.
 Call it "Dances with Asians or "Japaneseheart, Edward Zwick's "The Last Samurai suffers from a near-fatal case of seen-it-before-itis.  If the "I haven't figured out the right dose of Ritalin to take yet presence of Tom Cruise grates on your nerves as much as it does mine, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find that he at times gives a measured and even subtle performance as a shell-shocked cavalry officer prostituting himself to teach the Japanese military the brutally efficient techniques of Western warfare.  His supporting cast of talented Asian actors is better, though even Ken Watanabe, who at times resembles Lawrence Fishburne in expression and intensity, is no Toshiro Mifune.  Where the movie breaks down is with John Logan's shallow script, which like most Western films about the East, implies complexity mostly by making Asians esoteric and tight-lipped; but for all of the posturing, there is no real wisdom offered in a story meant to explore culture clash.  Instead, viewers are distracted by battle scenes that probably would have seemed grand had the aforementioned films (with corrected titles), as well as "Gladiator and "The Last of the Mohicans, not beaten this one to the punch.  Zwick even plagiarizes his own film, the much better "Glory, and fans of Hans Zimmer's "The Thin Red Line soundtrack will be pleased to note that some of it seems to make its way into this film.  All in all, "The Last Samurai isn't a bad film.  With an attractive cast and nods to historical authencity, such as ill-fitting uniforms, it's also not bad to look at, even if some suspiciously modern looking powerlines turn up in one scene.  It's just that we've seen most of it already.
 How come, when all the people get cut down in a full charge INTO a huge array of guns, Tom Cruise lives?  That's crap.  Anything to have a Hollywood, idiot ending, I guess.  It's a suicide charge, yet our guy goes back to his little darlin' afterwards.  What a load of crap!  Thanks.
 As a movie, this title earns 5 stars, as a blu-ray, it earns one. I can honestly say that this is possibly one of the worst quality blu-ray movies I've viewed. It is a simple, unashamed upmix from the DVD. I own the DVD, so as a test I compared the blu ray and the DVD upmixed by a PS3. The DVD looked better. The blue ray has so much film grain that the black areas are completely overrun by blue pixelation. I will cede that the blu-ray has a Dolby HD soundtrack, but you wont care because the visual presentation is so poor.  Bottom line
 Though set in Japan, "The Last Samurai is an American film for American audiences.  Through emotionally scarred American cavalry office Nathan Algren, we are introduced to Japan's traditional (and completely mythical) samurai culture, supposedly threatened by the country's 19th century industrialization.  Traumatized by his role in the extermination of the Native Americans, Algren redeems himself by joining with surrogate Noble Savages, samurai warriors rebelling against the new modern Japan.  As far as it went, the film was enjoyable enough -- elaborately choreographed action and stunning (New Zealand) landscapes.  I need to remove one star for the painfully forced romance between Cruise and Koyuki.  Another goes for the ludicrous liberties the film takes with history.  Learning about the actual events after seeing this film, I was amazed by the way the filmmakers had completely and brazenly rewritten them.  Their attitude goes beyond carelessness or artistic reinterpretation to downright contempt for reality.  Essentially, "The Last Samurai is pure fantasy that pretends to be historical.  Of course, there's nothing wrong with fantasy -- unless it tries to pass itself off as reality.  In reality, the 25,000-strong rebel army fought with modern weapons and tactics.  Indeed, their first actions were to raid government armories and steal as many guns and as much ammunition as they could, which didn't turn out to be enough.  Zwick's vision of sword-swinging, armor-wearing samurai is as absurd as having the Battle of Gettysburg fought out between lance-wielding knights in shining armor.  It would look pretty cool but be impossible to take seriously.  Perhaps this historical fantasy is the reason the film quite explicitly backs what was by any reasonable standard the wrong side in Japan's struggle over modernization.  It's odd, isn't it, that a film from a country that takes such pride in freedom and democracy should glorify an oppressive, xenophobic, militaristic, medieval caste system and demonize the people and forces that brought Japan such modern plagues as as political equality and universal education.  Indeed, Watanabe's character was the first to call for Japan to invade Korea and expand its Empire onto the Asian mainland, and the government's refusal to do so played a large part in his decision to join the rebels.  "The Last Samurai", although it pretends to be historical, does its best to avoid unpleasant historical reality by focusing on an idealized myth of samurai bravery, dedication and willingness to die for their traditional (and fictional) way of life.  It does the same thing for premodern Japan as "Gone with the Wind does for the slaveholding South -- invents an idyllic past and covers up all the unpleasant bits that might make one question the value of slavery or feudalism.  An odd thought struck me while watching the final glorious kamikaze charge
 I think it's fair to assume that the majority of Tom Cruise's fans aren't particularly interested in Samurai movies--and the majority of Samurai movie fans aren't too interested in Tom Cruise.  Personally, I avoided this movie for quite a while because of Cruise in the leading role.  To my surprise-his performance was credible--though there are a few absurd moments-such as an early battle scene where Cruise is fighting off a half dozen or so Samurai single handed (though he does get wounded)  As someone who's lived in Japam twice--I was also amazed by how easily Cruise's character picked up Japanese!  Nit picking aside-I enjoyed this movie--except for the ending which was about as lame as anything imaginable.  IMO--this movie would have been better if it had ended with the climatic scene at the end of the Samurai attack--where it appears all the Samurai are dead or dying--Cruise included.  If it had ended here-I would have rated the move 4 stars--but the "epilogue was a disaster!  Still--if you're like me and have a problem with Tom Cruise as a "Samurai"--give it a try--the story is enjoyable and entertaining.  Anyone who enjoyed "Shogun will also probably enjoy the Last Samurai!
 The basic idea for this film was original, juxtaposing the two very different cultures of 19th century American soldiers and Samurai warriors.  The acting was better than I expected.  Tom Cruise is a much better actor than many of his big budget action flicks would suggest; on the all too rare occassion that he takes on an interesting script, his performances are quite impressive (e.g. Born on the Fourth of July, Interview with a Vampire).  To some extent, this film is an attempt to mix the traditional action-Cruise with the more intense and inwardly tortured character seen in his better works.  And as a result the film left me with somewhat mixed impressions.  Certainly the film has its moments; there are scenes that are beautifully shot and choreographed.  Unfortunately, however, other scenes are so absurdly unrealistic (I'm sorry, no amount of warrior ethos can begin to match the withering blast of a gatling gun) that I was left feeling a bit flat with the result.
 I missed seeing The Last Samurai in the theatre but decided to buy a copy anyway because it looked good in the ads and the write-ups I'd read.  Tom Cruise plays the role of Captain Nathan Algren, former Indian fighter in the U.S. Army (bits of this are shown in flashbacks)now a pathetic drunken loser reduced to giving sales demonstrations of Winchester rifles.  He's contacted by a former associate and takes on the job of instructing the newly formed Japanese Imperial Army. The story is set in 1876 or so at a time of great change in Japan, the forces of modernization fast pacing Japan into the modern age. Part of this mission involves rooting out the last Samurai holdouts. Algren leads his recruits into battle, his recruits are massacred and after a valiant fight he is captured by the very man he is supposed to deal with. Taken to the Samurai village as a prisoner Algren gradually learns their ways, even learns to respect them. Algren eventually, after failing to reintegrate with his own people (and the dishonorable Japanese modernizers who I wanted to see get killed),joins with the Samurai in a battle to the death with the new Imperial Army. This is of course a slaughter with swords & spears against rifles & Gatling guns. The Imperial soldiers are so shamed by what they've done that they refuse an order to kill Algren and the Emperor strips the chief "New Japan leader of everything he has.  You never really learn what happens to Algren, it seems he goes back to the stronghold and the lead Samurai's widow, but that is presented as maybe he did, who knows?  I thought the story was interesting, Cruise did a good job, but something was lacking- I'm not sure what. The costumes/ weapons were great, most of the sets/ locations were too ( a real sense of being in Japan)I just needed something more. Some of the extras are very interesting, I liked learning about how things were built or designed. The section about the film's Premiere in Japan was alright with the Japanese cast giving their thought's about the show although I thought the  I like Tom Cruise stuff was a little to strong,the History Channel mini-documentary was too Cruise-ey for my taste as well.
  The Last Samurai  is the same story as  Dances with Wolves  - bitter Civil War vet goes off to a far away land and encounters a group of people looked down upon by Western Civ as  savages  but are instead a poetic and noble culture.  The idea is nice, but overly simplifies feudal Japan, which wasn't exactly a peaceful and idyllic place all of the time. The acting is good, the story is OK, but the ending is downright silly and unnecessary.  I won't spoil it for those that haven't yet seen the movie, but let's just say that the  true  ending would've involved Tom Cruise meeting a noble death on the battlefield.  Instead, he lives happily ever after, which was not the message of the rest of the movie.
 sometimes makes a good movie. The Last Samurai is. Historical? Hardly. Take a few grains
 Good American samurai movie, but the ending was totally hollywood. If you want to see a real samurai movie check out Azumi and aragami.
 When I watch it at first time, I really respected of Samurai. Tom played as captain Algren who is fascinated by Samurai. It was very good film.But, we should not think that is like Japanese history, because the time when film set up and some buildings such as house, castle is different period of Japan.
 I was kinda disappointed at "The Last Samurai".  I was attracted to the idea of an American soldier, as played by Tom Cruise, and a group of samurai.  However, what I discovered was a carbon copy of other works by director Edward Zwick, plus a little "Dances With Wolves on the side.  Let's see
 I enjoyed the film, and will watch it again.   It certainly does have its limitations though... Insufficient character development, under-developed plot, and a fair amount of things that in perspective to the history and culture being treated are just plain silly.   This film could have been so much more, but alas it seems the film makers just didn't have it in them to go beyond the ordinary and produce something truly special.   The soundtrack was the usual sorry mediocrity put out by Zimmer.. (to cut him some slack, it seems he works too much - how many films does he score in a year?)    Ultimate conclusion
 Wouldn't it be funny if a Japanese film crew made a film about a Japanese person who visited America during the Civil War, saw how honorable the black freedom fighters were and how violent and greedy the white people were, and in the end--falls in love with the country, symbolized by his sexual conquest of American women, symbolized by a single female character in the whole film, who has to wear a corset and cook turkeys?  Let us call it something celebratory and romantic, like, The Last Confederate.  I'm sure Americans would flock to see this "authentic film!  QUESTION
 i'm really suprised nobody saw the movie in the way I did. Ok, yes the movie has plenty of beautiful imagery, it showcases the samurai traditions, and it respects that. However, that's just scrating the surface. Dig deeper and you'll realize that what this movie is saying is - you need one white guy to save the country of Japan. I find it very condescending. The last samurai in this movie is Ken Watanabe's character, not Tom Cruise as the movie cover suggests.
 The fight scenes in this movie were awesome. The historical themes were also very cool. But the dialogue was bad. Not the worst I've ever seen, but still pretty bad. This is not a movie I can watch over and over again.
 This movie will almost certainly appeal to persons who like action films and quasi historical epics. I found the movie generally interesting and entertaining as a movie. However, as an historical epic it is quite lacking. The plot in the movie and especially the character played by Tom Cruise often reminded me of the "Shogun television mini-series and the film "Dances with Wolves. The ending also reminded me of "The Charge of the Light Brigade, starring Errol Flynn. I also think "The Last Samurai tends to somewhat overly romanticize the samurai in Japan of the 1860's.    People can honestly debate whether a film's significant historical inaccuracies justly merit criticism and/or an overall less favorable review. As an action movie i would rate "The Last Samurai four stars. However, for many of the same reasons why I have considerable reservations about the very unrealistic character played by Kevin Costner in "Dances with Wolves, I will give "The Last Samurai only three stars.    "The Last Samurai is certainly worth watching. However, the  army officer played by Tom Cruise detracts from the historical validity in the film of the negative reaction by many of the samurai to modernization efforts in Japan during the late 1860's. The movie would have been potentially better, in my opinion, if the samurai story had been told entirely from a Japanese point of view.
 In the last few years, epics have seen an amazing resurgence, climaxing in the classic "Lord of the Rings trilogy.  And most of the other epics have been staisfying as well, with "Gladiator being but one standout.  But the Tom Cruise vehicle "The Last Samurai it not one of the them.  Problems here start with the films bankable star.  The role of Nathan Algren is a challenging one, with emotional torture brewing behind his eyes and a sullen demanor in his walk.  But moments where Cruise hits these needed traits are few and far between.  Cruise plays Algren as a statue who poses as a heroic monolith for the camera, in other words Algren comes off as other characters Cruise has played in the past.  The only actor who stands out is Ken Watanabe, a Japanese actor who makes his english languange debut.  He brings a sense of dignity and intensity to the character of Katsumoto, a Samurai leader who is the last of a dying breed and a dying code  Perhaps you can blame the films' director, Edward Zwick (Legends of the Fall, The Siege).  Zwick lets the film drag between inspired moments and the whole film seems  overlong and ponderous, not to mention derivative.  Screenwriter John Logan (Gladiator, The Aviator) borrows one too many plot details from other films that came before him, especially "Dances With Wolves.  One tries to take the film on its own terms, but the similarities are too glaring.  Logan wanted the film to be a classic, but it falls far short.  That's not to say the film does not have its merits, which why "The Last Samurai is so frustrating to watch.  When it does get good, it's breathtaking.  The $120 million production is a visual feast, with beautiful sets juxtaposed seamlessly with sweeping locales in Japan and New Zealand.  The film's visual pedigree is furthured by the wondrous cinematography of John Toll.  Toll, a two-time academy award winner, is a master at what he does.  The film is gorgeously shot and the hectically edited battle scenes are given a sense of clarity and extra punch, especially when set to Hans Zimmers' muscular score.  One only wishes that the reat of the film lived up to this high standard.  It could have been one of the best epics ever.
 The Last Samurai is typical of epic Hollywood war-action/adventure films --impressive scenery, musical score and battle scenes, yet bogged down in cliches and contrived situations. Tom Cruise plays Captain Algren, an 1870s war hero who is tormented by memories of brutal battles against Indians. He is persuaded to travel to Japan to train the army to fight against the samurai, Japan's traditional warriors. The Japanese government, motivated by financial reasons, wants to modernize and develop relations with the West; the samurai, who represent Japan's noble cultural and warrior heritage, resist these changes.  Algren is not given sufficient time to properly train the army in the ways of modern warfare; he is forced to confront the samurai, who defeat the modern army with their discipline and ferocity. This is where the film lost me. Algren himself is only captured after single-handedly fighting off something like a dozen samurai warriors. It is of course a cliche of martial arts movies that the hero can take on countless opponents, but this film is more ambitious and attempts to be realistic, and it is absurd to imagine a man untrained in these traditional martial arts defeating all of these elite warriors with their own weapons. At this point, I was resigned to watching a generic Tom Cruise action hero rather than a believable character. Algren is captured and allowed to recuperate so that the samurai might learn something of their enemy (there had to be some excuse for letting him live). He is even trained in their martial arts, which seems unlikely. Why would they train an enemy combatant? And the time it takes him to learn to fight with their weapons only highlights how unrealistic it was that he was unbeatable in his first battle (where he would more likely have been killed). Algren predictably comes to admire the samurai way of life and eventually sympathizes with their struggle. The film attempts to examine the complex issue of preserving traditions in a rapidly changing world. This is largely expressed in conversations between Algren and a samurai named Katsumoto (well played by Ken Watanabe). A woman named Taka (Koyuki) is the inevitable love interest, as the wife of a man Algren killed in battle. She struggles between her grief and growing fondness for Algren. Although some of the interaction between Algren and Katsumoto is interesting, the film has a basic contradiction that it never really resolves.  It is superficially a sympathetic exploration of a traditional culture, yet at the same time it revels in the stereotype of the Great White Man who travels to distant lands and saves the day, a book and movie tradition that goes back at least as far as Kipling, where British colonists tamed the "primitive people of Africa and Asia. Again, The Last Samurai seems to be more on the side of the colonized, yet this is belied by the huge role played by the Tom Cruise character.  Perhaps the most effective scene in the film is the last battle, where we see a rapid-firing cannon mowing down samurai warriors. This image is a stark image of modern society mechanically wiping out a less technologically advanced culture. Unfortunately, I didn't find most of the film equal to this theme. I think a better portrayal of a similar story can be found in the miniseries (based on a novel by James Clavell)  Shogun.
 Ken Watanabe is amazing!! With his laconic  I like this Custer  he encapsulates everything that is both wonderful and horrible about the code of Bushido.  The cinematography is great, especially in all the battle scenes.  The scene when the samurai charge through the mist at the conscripts, but at first all you see is their fearsome outlines,  WOW! The scenes in the village when the samurai are training, and later, when the young archer holds off the ambush, are also beautifully shot. The attention to detail in the costuming is fantastic. Ngila Dickson definitely deserves her two Oscar nominations, and could have won for either Samurai or ROTK. But Tom Cruise was completely the wrong choice for his character. He is such a modern icon that he simply cannot play a period role. Everything about him (looks, voice, movement) stopped the movie dead in its tracks. And some of the script was pretty lame, but this was the kind of movie you look at, not listen to. Subtitles over Hans Zimmer's always-great soundtrack wouldn't have been a bad choice.
 I don't understand why people take this film so seriously, because I couldn't for the life of me. That is not to say the film is altogether bad...it offers some guilty pleasure action sequences, but then again that's all it can offer up. Considering what the producers had going into this, they really handled several issues in an amatuer fashion. Let's take, for example, just the mere existance of Tom Cruise's character in the story. I can understand why Katsumoto spares him - the dream of the white tiger - although I pondered just how readily this culture of people (who only a decade ago murdered any foreign sailors shipwrecked on their island) could accept him so readily. And even then, he probably should have been more of an observer to the Japanese customs than a participant. Miyamoto Musashi spent his whole life realizing how to become a great warrior, but Tom Cruise's character manages to do it within six months. And please...you have GOT to be kidding me when he uses not only two swords at once, but two LONG swords at once! Not even the greatest samurai could do that, and there's a reason - it's practically impossible. And even if it is possible, you're telling me Tom Cruise has had that much training to do it? The scene where Katsumoto's son takes out a long sword and a short sword is more realistic, as samurai would do that so they could switch from one to the other, but people rarely used katanas in each hand. Oh yes, and I agree with other reviewers here...why does Tom Cruise take six or seven bullets to the torso come out perfectly fine, yet samurai take the same hits and die?  The character development for some people needed work as well. For example, the Irish sergeant that is Tom Cruise's lifelong friend gets killed by the samurai, and a samurai even gets off his horse and stabs the man in the stomach! Yet Tom Cruise forgets his friend and doesn't seem to mind the company of men who killed a man he knew longer than them - in fact we never hear of the Irish sergeant again. And the love story was so unnecessary and unrealistic. Tom Cruise kills the husband of Katsumoto's sister, she says to her nephew that he smells like pigs, and then five minutes later she's having feelings for him? And she actually falls in love with him, and her kids adore him? Why? Because he taught them baseball? I don't know about you, but a person who killed my dad would have to take a bullet for me before I even consider them a friend...let alone my new father. And Tom Cruise's old enemy, an American lieutenant colonel he used to serve under, doesn't do much except walk around and be evil. And what was the purpose of the ninjas, particularly the guy with the Gorbachev birthmark on his cheek? Why would a government leader so bent on stopping traditionalism employ ninjas, who historically sided with the Shogun...who was a SAMURAI! It's almost like they put them in just so they can say, "Hey! We have ninjas! I also took disliking to how INCOMPETANT they made the government characters. When they rescue Katsumoto they use arrows against the guards, which is fine except the guards seem to have a habit of running out into the open with their fronts to the archers, making themselves great targets. Also in the final battle the samurai lay a trap, and the American lieutenant colonel, suggests to send out skirmishers, to which a corrupt government official (who seems to be every where across Japan) simply says, "No need! Send the troops forward! I might also add that the samurai trap for the government troops at the end is planned not by Katsumoto, but by Tom Cruise. Excuse me if I sound like I'm looking for an arguement, but can't the Japanese think on their own? This is the culture that produced Oda Nobunaga, Takeda Shingen, Admiral Togo, and even Admiral Yamamoto, yet it seems in this movie it's as if the idea of war is entirely new to them. There are also a lot of historical inaccuracies in this film as well. For example, there was no lone samurai standing up against the government with less than 500 troops. In fact, the majority of samurai clans to the west supported the foreign traders and backed the Emperor. The Satsuma Rebellion in 1860's, led by the Satsuma and Chosun samurai clans, was the move to stop foreign intervention...but they at one point had an army as large as 40,000 soldiers. In fact, the army of Japan was fairly modernized by the time set in the film, and it was being led and instructed not by military leaders from America or any other foreign nation, but by fellow Japanese such as Aritomo Yamagata who travelled abroad in Europe studying the ways of the west. The only revolt against the government in 1876/1877 was by former army officer Takamori Saigo - and even though he did want to restore the use of samurai, he could bring up a force of 15,000 against the government and held a fairly modernized army, having served in the professional Japanese military - he also lost not in a grand charge but instead his fortress at Kagoshima. I also find it funny that the movie makes the samurai seem like a noble and proud people built on honor and dignity - they fail to mention according to the traditionalist laws a samurai could kill any peasant and get away with it, being of a higher class. The Emperor himself is portrayed as weak and under the influence of advisors, and while the Emperor was indeed surrounded by advisors and the Japanese government began to fall into an oligarchy, it was Emperor Meiji himself who revoked the samurai of their titles and stripped the Shogun of his power, replacing it more and more to his own stature. He was hardly the weak, indecisive ruler they portrayed in this movie, bending to the will of ONE government agent. Oh yeah, and this has got to be "Dances With Wolves II
 The Last Samurai proves to be a very entertaining movie although I thought it was bit too long for the story. Tom Cruise does a good job protraying a guilt-ridden American warrior who was reborn as samurai warrior. It probably helped that his co-star Ken Watanabe proves to be a superior actor and he probably pushed Cruise to the higher level of acting once they began to shared scenes together. On the whole, the movie will worked for most people watching it because it gives a very idealistic look at the Japanese samurai culture at its best. However, most of it proves to be pure historical fantasy at its best. You should never considered that this was the way it was back in Japan of 1876. Outdated armor and thinking are not the way of the Samurai. Samurai, like all warrior types, adjust and adapt to changing warfare. Anyone who even know a thing about the warring period of 1540 to 1615 understand that samurai went from bow and arrow to firearms proficiently very quickly. Where the movie take a major misstep is that while the spirit and teaching of the samurai is tradition based, fighting modes are not. But this is a Hollywood movie made for American taste and perception. This is how many Americans see the samurai warriors of the old and just the way the many foreigners see American history as one of wars between cowboys and Indians or black folks tipping their hats to the white folks, this movie catered to best of the sternotypes. There is nothing truly historical about this film. The movie was made in the same mode as Mel Gibson's Patriot and Braveheart, all entertainment but no history. Now this movie have been compared with Dances with Wolves and there seem to be some justice to that comparsion. Both shows how a lone white man surrounded by an alien culture, "went native so to speak and aligned himself with that culture. Both movies introduced these alien cultures through that white man's perception and his inevitable acceptance and entrance to that culture. In both cases, this was well done and it serves the viewers well.
 I've watched Last Samurai in the theater before, and was entertained enough to come back for another look, this time on Blu-ray format. I remembered that it was shot in lush surroundings, and that warriors then were real warriors; not some big-shot general hiding behind some war room somewhere directing "smart missiles etc. On the whole, it's a movie worth having around to please many different types of audiences; action-adventure, some historical basis, some romance & drama (though you do need to excuse a number of cheesy lines particularly towards the end).
 "The Last Samurai is a story about a Civil War veteran who goes over to Japan to fight the last pocket of Samurai; he is taken captive by the Samurai, but eventually learns to respect this dying culture and adapt to their way of life.  WHAT WORKS
 To me this movie is purely entertainment. It's well worth watching. It has a good story. It's got great battle scenes. Some of the acting is excellent. Far better other actors in the film. Tom Cruise lends it his star power. Although, I would say his acting could have been more passionate. The costumes were exceptional. No Oscar contender. An epic film worth owning.
 Edward Zwick directs this 2003 film on a historical incident involving an American military advisor sent to Japan to modernize and train the ruling emperor's forces in 1876-1877. This is your typical Hollywood revised history where actual dramatic events are diluted with your conventional PC script and mandatory vapid love story.  Although the film has a decent cast with good direction and cinemtography, it's bogged down by a generic Hollywood screenplay and poor script.  Retired Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is fed up with the US Army and the Indian Wars.  Approached by a fellow veteran and nemesis (Tony Goldwyn), Algren accepts a lucrative offer to train the Emperor of Japan's forces along the modern standards of 1875.  Arriving in Japan, Algren's informed that the Emperor's traditional samurai warriors and their leader (Ken Watanabe) oppose all attempts to modernize Japan.  Believing that firearms are cowardly weapons, the samurai hold true to their Bushido code and continue to fight with their traditional weapons.  Disillusioned with his shame of the Indian wars he fought back home and eager to redeem his honor, Algren becomes enamoured with the ethos of Samurai warriors and so decides to join them for a final stand.  This was a good story that just never seemed to soar.  This is mostly due to a generic and predictable formulaic Hollywood script with cliche dialogue.  Does every drama have to conclude with an out-of-place happy romantic sub-plot to the likes of a 90210 episode?  Although a film about samurai warriors, the film only pays lip service to the teachings of the Bushido code with quick scenes of warriors committing hara-kiri and hardened Japanese men sitting stoically on their knees drinking sake. The dialogue is contrived and superficial
 Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a washed-up Civil War vet tormented by guilt and swimming in a fug of alcoholism, gets recruited to train and modernise the Japanese Imperial Army. Times are a-changing in the Land of the Rising Sun
 This film is a fantasy, pure and simple, beyond just the addition of a white American to the rebel samurai ranks.  This is not necessarily a problem if the movie-goer is seeking out something other than historical drama, but the viewer should keep him/herself more in mind of "The Lord of the Rings than of "Lawrence of Arabia when watching it. Katsumoto's deference to the Emperor is the driving force for his character, but the real samurai had no tradition of loyalty to him.  In fact, the samurai only came full-force onto the pages of history by, in effect, overthrowing the Emperor in the 12th century and usurping his power.  It wasn't until the beginning of the Meiji Era (the time in which this film is set) that the Emperor regained any real control at all, and it was his choice to "modernize Japan (Army and all) out of a justified fear of European colonization and/or exploitation.  Of course, by this time the samurai had lived under centuries of isolationist peace, and had long since ceased to be warriors.  They had become the powerful hereditary nobles and bureaucrats of Japan, more akin to Cicero than Caesar, and it was not the creation of the Army that bothered most of them, but the new laws forbidding them to wear swords- the symbols of their status- in an attempt at abolition of the (deeply inefficient and unprofitable) nobility system. Nevertheless, the character of Katsumoto is indeed based on a real person, and the film on real events.  But the those who revolted were, first, a tiny minority of the samurai who continued to live by (or re-adopted) the old lifestyle; and, second, at war over the threat to their accumulated clout, rather than over some perception of Japan "losing its way".  Their actions were nothing more than a naked power-grab. The storied traditions of the samurai largely came to an end (as much as they ever existed) when Tokugawa Ieyasu came to power at the beginning of the 17th century. (As a side note, the scene with the ninja was the one part of the film I found truly outlandish.  Video games aside, ninja are not readily apparent in Japan.  There is little mention of them in history; they were not, and are not, especially respected or admired; and Japanese people on the whole cannot fathom the young American male's obsession with them.  There is no matching fervor on the other side of the Pacific.  What is common knowledge, however, is that at no time would dozens of them work together or get themselves caught up in an all-out attack, nor would a government trying to 'modernize' employ them.  Since they made their living on contracts against noblemen's belongings, most of decent society looked on them with more contempt than Europeans showed the most fearsome pirates). The portrayal of Japan and, specifically, samurai "society in this film is the Western romantic version- like Mallory's portrayal of medieval knights and the Chivalric Code in "L'Morte D'Arthur".  This does not make the film entirely without merit.  The cinematography is gorgeous, and I would happily watch the film again for that alone.  The acting is fairly strong.  I personally think Tom Cruise is an excellent actor, when he chooses a good role (like in "Rain Man", "Eyes Wide Shut", and others), and he performs adequately here.  However, it is far from his best work, and I think it was a correct decision for the Academy not to honor him with a nomination this year. Perhaps part of the problem with the performance was a problem with the characters.  Most were rather typical of the genre known as "epic", and I could guess what they were going to say before the words were out of their mouths.  The story itself was easily predictable, but plot twists are not the reason most people will come to see this film. Altogether, I can best describe the movie as "fun".  I find it enjoyable in the same way as I do anything from "Terminator 2 to "Sleepless in Seattle".  It's entertainment, not art.
 This movie is a good one, but it could have been much better. If you go in expecting a period action piece, you will not be disappointed. Those expecting something along the line of "Braveheart be warned. Tom Cruise is enjoyable, but he gives his standard performance. Which is to say that you do not see a character like he is capable of giving, such as Ron Kovic in "Born on the 4th of July or even Lestat in "Interview with the Vampire. Instead you get Tom Cruise as an angst-ridden, recovering alcoholic that looks great in a kimono. But the performance still works, it's just shame about the missed potential. Ken Watanabe is very charismatic as the traditionalist-turned-outlaw who tries to hold on to the outdated beliefs of the samurai. The chemistry between he and Cruise is very good and it's one of the more pleasurable aspects of the film. As well as the much too short screen time of Billy Conelly and Tony Goldwyn. The cinematography and the costumes are also great and are bound to get oscar nominations. Unfortunately this film buys into it's own granduer, and it falls short on that level. There are some great moments in the film, don't get me wrong. Edward Zwick proves he can still crank out a battle scene and he clearly outdoes himself in the last battle of the film. Even when you know what the outcome will be. But that's where the film should have ended. Instead you get another ten minutes of an eye rolling, very sappy resolution. I'm not sure if this was the product of Zwick or the suits at WB, but does not work. Another scene I found difficult to swallow was an assassination attempt. Great fight choreography, great action, but awkwardly placed and no justification for it. You can almost hear a studio exec say "This is Japan. So where are the ninjas? If the gunpowder obsessed emperor and cronies sent the assassins, (which is whom you assume sent them) why did they use ninjas instead of rifleman? Thereby proving the effectiveness of rifle over swords. It's because it makes for a great action scene, that's why, and the audience will eat it up. The film is good and I recommend it. But be warned that at times it comes across as very contrived. I was hoping for an epic, instead I got a really good action flick. Three stars instead four due to studio induced Oscar pandering
 I wasnt certain what to expect from "The Last samurai". The fact that Cruise and long time collaborator Paula Wagner co-produced this film made me wonder if this was just another action vehicle for Tom to flex his dramatic chops. Having seen the film I hav to say I was pleasantly surprised. Cruise shows he has grown as an actor although I must admit I still see Tom CRuise and not the character he is playing.  The plot has been decribed in other reviews so I need not elaborate here. what I will say is that the cinematography of this film was breathtaking. The scenes of rural Japan were gorgeous. I was particulalrly impressed with the recreation of the Japanese harbor circa 1876 with a bustling Japanese port and a majestic mount fuji looming in the distance.  The actors were all particularly great, especially Ken Watanabe who plays the rebelious(?)samurai Katsumoto. His presence on screen was commanding and his ability to be stern and understanding really worked. You cant help but feel for the inner turmoil his character endures.  Overall "the last samurai was a fantastic film with great acting and some great imagery. I felt Algren's inner conflict could have been fleshed out more and we could have a better understanding of why Katsumoto's view of life was preferable to Algren than the viewpoint of the new Japanese government.  Good film , RECOMMENDED!
 What's the reason for watching The Last Samurai? The sword-fighting scenes.  There are a lot of sword-fighting scenes, they're well-done, and if you enjoy watching them you'll find entertainment value in the movie.  Also, the Japanese countryside is filmed beautifully here, so if you have an appreciation for nature, it's another incentive to watch. Otherwise, The Last Samurai is nothing special.  The storyline is simplistic; the samurai are all two-dimensional and unquestionably the fine and good people in the film.  They can do no evil, truly.  For Cruise it's one of those self-righteous roles where he gets to look angsty for the camera.  There's one scene at the end for example, where he's kneeling and holding up a sword, and he's trying to look like someone who is under great emotional strain and there are these ludicrous close-ups of his sweaty face - really gratuitous.  The movie defintely would have benefited from some editing and character development.
 I can't stand Tom Cruise, but he sure was a hottie in this film. It's amazing what long hair on a guy and losing the whole Scientology thing can do for a person....  Anway, 1) I agreed with the whole sad Native American slaughter tragedy-the fact that it was horrible and I can't believe people actually did that. 2) Loved the scenery in Japan 3) Still don't/can't relate to the whole Japanese obsession with  honor that is actually pride (Doesn't the Bible say that pride goeth before a fall)????  This movie was worth watching, but I wouldn't watch it again as it was way too sad. I can appreciate all the effort that went in to making this film
 Tom Cruise appears in yet another film where he rises to the occassion at just the right time, as he has done in many of his previous films, dating back to Top Gun.  It a repetitive, tiresome theme that would have me looking for another role if I were him.  Don't get me wrong; I like some of his work (Far and Away is one of his best works to date).  As for this film, the cinematography and supporting actor roles are it's primary attraction.  It's apparent a lot of research was done to pull off this period piece.  The settings and costumes are beautiful.  Watanabe plays superbly as the Samurai warrior Katsumoto.  He is the real star of this movie.  Unfortunately, the plot is entirely predictable.  Cruise is an alcoholic fromer Union Captain named Nathan Algren.  He is sent to Japan to train the new Japanese Imperial Army to fight off the diminishing Samurai warriors.  He leads his Army into battle against the Samurai and is soundly beaten.  Katsumoto spares Algren's life and brings him back to health (queue the music).  Algren learns the way of the Samurai warrior and earns the respect of his Samurai brethren.  Eventually he has to face the very Japanese Army he helped train, this time fighting on the side of the Samurai.  This is where it goes from unlikely to absurd.  Cruise and hundreds of remaining Samurai face off with the Imperial Army in a showdown copied several times over since Mel Gibson's Braveheart.  Samurai drop like flies as they charge the inexperienced but better equipped Imperial Army soldiers.  As it turns out (no surprise here), Watanabe and Cruise are the last survivors of the battle.  Though severely wounded by gunfire,  Katsumoto squeezes his abdomen tightly to allow a few more pints of blood to nourish his brain while he performs his farewell speech to Cruise.  He dies and leaves Cruise as.....you guessed it!  The Last Samurai.  I heard that Japanese movie audiences were passing out at the very sight.  On a side note, it's rumored that Nathan Algren returned to America and travelled together with Kung Fu through the desert southwest, metting out some pain to those who crossed them.  Unfortunately, Algren returned to the bottle, and in a drunken rage one friday nite, eviscerated Kung Fu at a bar in Tucumcari.  Ironically, Algren died shortly thereafter while drinking numerous Grasshoppers.  He lies in an unmarked grave just outside of Ft. Sumner, New Mexico.
 There aren't that many movies set in late 19th century Japan, so top marks to director Edward Zwick for originality of setting. There, however, the originality ends.  The Last Samurai borrows very heavily from A Man Called Horse (with a hefty dash of Dances With Wolves, Soldier Blue and Braveheart).  Tom Cruise gives us a pretty damn good depiction of the tortured, alcoholic civil war veteran Nathan Algren, exorcising the demons of wartime atrocities by going to Japan to ply his trade, but, once the initial battle is complete and he is taken prisoner by Katsumoto's (Watanabe) luddite army, the constraints of a very limited and predictable storyline become apparent.  It is no surprise that Cruise falls for the widow who tends him, nor that he (in remarbly short time) learns to speak Japanese and fight in the manner of the Samurai.  The battle sequences are undeniably spectacular, and the sets, costumes and audio are always first rate. I very much enjoyed Timothy Spall's support role, and Watanabe was convincingly stoic. No surprises though. No sense of wonder. No sense of danger.  You could certainly do a lot worse than to immerse yourself in this beautiful but undemanding epic for a couple of hours - but don't expect too much.
 I went to a "sneak preview tonight and came away a bit underwhelmed.  It's not the worst movie I've ever sat through; I found myself checking my watch only a few times wondering how much more I had to sit through.  A few interesting characters (I liked Ken Watanabe), but nothing really original.  Cliche upon cliche.  A yawner mostly, but it will entertain people who have not seen any other movies.   For me personally, the most remarkable thing about the movie is how fake the sets and special effects looked.  Sailing into Yokohama harbor looks ridiculous.  A street scene at night in Tokyo (where Tom Cruise is surrounded by swordsmen) looked entirely like it had been filmed afterhours at Universal Studios in Orlando.  Many of the entirely predictable battle scenes look like they are just hundreds of actors outdoors pretending to kill each other.  It will be interesting to study these scenes in freeze frame on DVD to see what everybody was doing.
 I dunno, i kinda though the acting was weak and the script was nothing new.  They really made up a lot of history for this one.  I couldnt help but think Americans would be offended if they made a movie about the revolution and put some Japanese guy in it as the hero.  I guess the music was pretty good, and it had some gread scenery, but i wouldn't watch it twice.
 So I expected this movie to show us what japanese life is like, and I was really excited.  I am a huge samurai film fan, I don't like the super crazy ones, but am more of a kurasowa guy.  But the biggest problem with this movie is AT LEAST 75% of the movie running time, it is showing tom cruise and then it cuts away to the next scene and theres tom cruise, then they hsho you a different angle of the shot, oh that's cool, now I have a better angle of tom cruise.  It was sickening.  It's not like he failed in this role, but they certainly should have focused on smoething else.  Another big problem for me was the emporer.  I think they found the person they liked as far as looks go, but this kid has no acting ability whatsoever.  They should have put in like a jet li, and he would have been better even not being in an action role.  And sorry for using jet as an example, but I can't think of a japanese equivilent.  So the ending was nothing spectacular, but better than most scenes because they actually show other people besides tom, and i just don't like movies when the only time they focus on the side characters is when they die.  This seemed like a mix of a japanese movie, american, and a mainland china prodution.  It even had a hint of the UK in it, but doesn't excel in any of these countries filmmaking areas whatsoever.  So with a tad more action and some a better final scene, and an overhaul done to the story to showcase at least one other person besides tommy boy.  It does have a couple of good action scenes and the production value is very high, just don't expect to see a real samurai movie.
 This movie can hold your attention, but historically it is somewhat inaccurate.  I also have a number of problems with the plot.  How does a non-samurai learn to be such a great swordsman in only a few short months when others spend the lives dedicated to this art and cannot even match his prowess?  Why is Cruise's character spared at the end?  If he has become a samurai, he would have been killed.  He is also a Gaijin, a foreign barbarian, and should be killed for this.  Oh, I forgot he is Maverick, not Goose.
 Not right for the academy. It's not bad I here they shot it with digital. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Bette luck next time Tom
 The Last Samurai is a movie of great action that ends in sadness.  Almost everyone you care about gets killed.   Samurai were feudal lords who occasionally battled the Emperors and those that controlled the emperor.  The fight scenes and the cinematography are at times awesome.  Cruise is very creditable in his role as a disillusioned X-army Captain who had been with the seventh cavalry, presumably with Reno's force after Custer divided his force into three groups, hence he survived.  Cruise goes to Japan to teach the Emperors army how to use modern western weapons, gets captured and ends up sympathetic to his captures cause.  Patty Hurst Syndrome? It is a little bit like the Last of the Mohicans or the Thirteenth Warrior.  The viewer is left with a an empty feeling and of course the bad guys are the Americans. Once one gets past the politics of the makers of the movie and the inaccurate historical presentation it's a pretty good movie for those old enough for an R rating.  This is not a sword fight movie to watch with ones 10 year old.  Heads fly, blood spurts and at times the story bogs down into the maudlin and smarmy.   There is probably a 5 star movie inside this otherwise 3 star movie, if they'd let me edit it down to 90 or 100 minutes, removing the moderate use of cursing, the really boring moments that contribute little to the story line, blood spurting and the beheadings.  For a better sword action movie with sharp editing and a great screen play, check out Antonio Banderas in the Thirteenth Warrior.  13th is still not a movie for your 10 year old, but that is more because it creates a scariness and feeling of dread about what the Warriors are up against.
 Reviewing the historical accuracy of Hollywood films is probably futile. What the heck, I do it anyway.. 1) Americans had nothing to do with training the Japanese military during the period covered by this film. At the time (1876), America was not the place you would have gone looking for professional soldiers. The training came from Europe. 2) By the Meji period (1868-1912), the Samurai had become an idle aristocracy who could no longer be described as warriors. Getting rid of them was probably the best thing that ever happened to Japanese democracy. That said, the film is beautifully photographed, and had some nice battle scenes. People get down on Tom Cruise for his limited acting range, but he does a good job here. The supporting cast is entirely watchable and believable. If you're in the mood for an action flick that doesn't require much in the way of critical thinking, it's worth seeing.
 This film has great visuals, if nothing else. The Samurai armor and Katana swords in the film are beautiful, and Ken Wantanabe does a great performance in the film (I can't wait to see him as Ra's Al Ghul in Batman Begins). However, the story is downright twisted and innacurate. In real life, the Samurai were the BAD GUYS. They were arrogant and stuck up, and they were disgruntled because they were loosing their political status with the unification of Japan. The Japanese soldiers were brave, and fought valiantly and proved their worth against the Samurai in battle, and they won. The Samurai thought since they were  lowly peasants  they would be defeated without a struggle, but they were wrong. However, this movie completely twists around what really happened. The Samurai are portrayed as brave, moral men who want to preserve the Japanese culture and prevent  westernization  (which obviousely is something the director does not like), and the Japanese army is portrayed as cowardly weaklings, who the Samurai slaughter like Orcs from the Lord of the Rings. And for what? The Samurai openly admit that westernization and the extinction of Bushido is un-avoidable, so why do they see the need for a completely wasteful bloodbath that ends in hundreds of soldiers and Samurai dead? Considering how far this film goes out of it's way to be PC, you'd wonder why the Samurai heroes of the film decide to go on a suicide mission and waste hundreds of lives with no real purpose. What they've done to the Samurai in this movie is like if they made an Ivanhoe movie where the Normans are the good guys. It's just dumb. However, there was the awesome fight scene where the Samurai have to fight with Ninjas. That scene alone boosts this film's score from 2 stars to 3.
 Every year a crop of prestige pictures get dumped out of the major studios in Hollywood.  Every one of these large scale epics is full of wild battles, romance, outstanding performances, and the cream of the crop celebrities.  These are the films that are especially created to win the coveted Academy Awards.  The problem is every year one film is so big, so bloated, and so prestigious it turns into a silly mess.  This year's film is EDWARD ZWICK'S THE LAST SAMURAI.  A fun action film that longs to be SCHINDLER'S LIST. The Last Samurai stars Tom Cruise (Vanilla Sky) as Captain Algern, a soldier who stood with General Custer as he made his famous last stand.  While in battle he is forced to kill innocent Native American women and children, and it eats away at his soul.  Turning him to drink.  When his old associates give him a job training Japanese soldiers to fight against a Samurai warrior named Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe, T.R.Y.).  Everything seems okay.  That is until he's captured by Katsumoto and begins to learn the law of the Samurai. THE LAST SAMURAI at it's best boasts some of the most breathtaking close up battle scenes I've seen in a long time.  I could hardly believe that for once I could follow the battles, because for the first time in a long time the camera stayed pretty steady.  It simply wasn't sound effects and shaky steady cams moving around.  It was real, and true battle choreography.  Now that made me smile. I also loved the scene in which Algern battles a group of overzealous Japanese soldiers who are attacking his friend.  The scene actually works and is a rare sight.  A modern fight scene that doesn't feature wire effects or CGI.  It reminded me of old Bruce Lee movies.  A scene that was about a fight and not about special effects creating it. SAMURAI also features a nice relationship between Algern and Katsumoto.  Enemies that become friends, Wantanabe's character is strong because it feels real.  Unlike SONNY CHIBA's silly turn as the proverb spouting sword dealer in KILL BILL.  Wantanabe exudes the feeling of a real Samurai and not of a silly Kung Fu movie reject.  I loved how he could embody this man who is torn between his country and his king.   SAMURAIS real flaw is that it thinks it's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, THE SEVEN SAMURAI, CROUCHING TIGER HIDDEN DRAGON, and DANCES WITH WOLVES, when it's really just a fun battle movie.  It takes itself far too seriously.  You watch it with this feeling that at any moment you'll see a graphic pop on the screen that says "FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION. It also gets the award for the silliest and most melodramatic thing screamed by an actor in peril in 2003.  Algern is going through alcohol withdrawal and screams "SAKI at the top of his lungs.  I was sitting next to my brother-in-law, and every time the film hit another stupidly melodramatic moment I would whisper "Saki!!  It kept me entertained. I was also aghast that in front of me a small boy no more than five was sitting there.  There is a pretty gruesome scene in which a man loses his head.  Never have a felt so badly for a little child than I did when he screamed out in terror and then latched onto his mothers shoulder.  LISTEN PARENTS OF THE WORLD, THE RATING SYSTEM WAS DESIGNED SO THAT THIS KIND OF THING DOESN'T HAPPEN.  YOU WANT TO WATCH AN R-RATED MOVIE RENT IT AT YOUR LEISURE.  DON'T BRING A FIVE YEAR OLD TO THE MOVIES TO WATCH IT. (Calming Down) Thank you! THE LAST SAMURAI is a mixed bag.  On one hand its breathtaking to watch and on the other its kinda of silly.  I'm going to recommend it to those whom like really cool battle sequences.  But for the rest of you why not give THE SEVEN SAMURAI or even BRAVHEART a chance.  They are far better films. *** out of 5
 Set in 1870's Japan, "The Last Samurai is most effective when it sticks to the harsh realities of its blood- soaked battle scenes and avoids the softening effects of its two-bit philosophizing. Tom Cruise is stoic and stolid as Nathan Algren, a former captain of the United States army who is having trouble coming to grips with the part he played in slaughtering a village of innocent American Indians.  Now drifting aimlessly through life, Algren disinterestedly agrees to go to Japan to help train its military in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the samurai forces who are still using swords as weapons.  Once he is captured by the "enemy, however, Algren falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honor and switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the samurai (whom he views as the equivalent of "Indian underdogs in the struggle) against the people he was brought over to train.  The film, thus, becomes a study in redemption as this one man attempts to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the life-crippling guilt of his past actions. Director Edward Zwick, who made one of the best war films of modern times ("Glory"), has had less success here, mainly because he stacks the deck so shamelessly in favor of the samurai that we can't help feeing manipulated all throughout the film.  In many ways, "The Last Samurai is as guilty of one-sidedness as those old time Westerns that used to portray the Indians as faceless savages and the White Man as noble adventurers and heroes.  Each perspective seems equally unhistorical and phony.  It's hard for us to see much meaning in Algren's redemption when the people he is following spend much of their time garroting themselves and chopping off one another's heads.  And all the talk about "honor, "shame, the beauty of cherry blossoms and getting in touch with the inner self through a zen-type lifestyle don't amount to too much when we stand back and realize that the samurai were basically bloody warriors who often terrorized the general populous with their acts of brutality and violence.  The makers of the film want us to see a vast moral chasm separating the samurai from both the Japanese military and the evil American colonials who support them, but it is, ultimately, a distinction without a difference.  So when we are asked to cheer on Algren and his compatriots in battle or weep over their fate, the movie loses its grip on us in a major way.  The film becomes just another case of glorifying and romanticizing a way of life that we somehow suspect was a bit less noble and honorable than we have always been led to believe by the countless movies on the subject. Technically, "The Last Samurai is a mighty impressive achievement.  In addition to the eye-catching vistas of rural Japan and a beautifully recreated 19th Century city, the film's large-scaled battle sequences have been stunningly mounted and executed - though the faint-of-heart should note that the body count on screen is enormous and the blood flows generously throughout.  There are, also, some admittedly touching moments scattered throughout the film, though the Hollywood corn is never too far from the surface (particularly in Algren's romantic attachment to the wife of a man he killed). "The Last Samurai is a joy to look at, but its unsubtle approach to its material and lack of evenhandedness make it far less meaningful and moving than, I'm sure, it both wanted and intended to be.
 What a nice flick, if you like Tom Cruise You get to see him play in the mud with wooden sticks while 'training' from Samurai Masters The premise is TC kills the husband of the sister of the last great Samurai TC then teaches the village of Samurai how to fight the newly trained soldiers of Japan, soldiers he ironically trained TC dies in the end with the last great Samurai, it could have occurred about 30 minutes earlier Nicely filmed Cruise puts in a great effort The story though, it could have been better It's a quasi love story of how the wife of the man he killed falls in love with TC, well kinda If you like TC well worth it It's just a wee bit drawn out for me to give it more than 3 stars
 In The Last Samurai, director Ed Zwick creates a beautiful epic that alternates wildly between almost over the top and just perfect.  Perhaps it was the effort to keep the dark balanced with the light that lead Zwick astray in the opening and closing scenes. Either way, the sad first and last impression we have is of characatures rather than characters.  What a shame that these weak bookends embrace such a solid middle act. Tom Cruise, as a recovering cynical ex-soldier Nathan Algren, does finally triumph, returning a solidly intimate performance. His interactions with the people of the remote villiage where he is kept, half prisoner half patient, are both touching and extremely pleasant to look at. Though almost painfully intimate, Algren's confrontations with and concessions to Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Taka (Koyuki), and the sons of the village are almost more epic in nature than the great battles that follow. Each face fills the screen just long enough to give us riveting portraits that are at once immediate and deep.  It is thanks to such artistry that when the final battle comes, with its emphasis on process rather than product, we believe and care about what happens. Certainly this film is worth watching more than once. However, I'm not sure it will be one I'll remember a decade from now, and in that sense, it isn't quite epic.
 Beautifully shot  ~~,  if only tom cruises character in this film could be,  Its a good film.  But a few things really grate,  1.  Cheapening of martial arts  learning the art of the sword and unarmed combat in 3 months vs someone whose spent their life with it and he can draw that man in 3 months plz.  wow the actor spent 8 months learning martial arts for this movie, he must be REALLY good in 8 months, like thats almost a year of training in martial arts, sword and unarmed combat.  Silly me it only took me 10 years to study unarmed combat, im living in japan, and i still couldnt take on 5 people with swords. I must just be so stupid.  Fact
 AN ARMY CAPTAIN [TOM CRUISE] GETS CAPTURED IN THE MIDST OF A BATTLE WITH THE CHINESE. EVENTUALLY, HE BEFRIENDS A SAMURAI WARRIOR [KEN WANTANABE] AND HE ENDS UP FIGHTING FOR THEIR CAUSE. THIS WELL-MEANING EPIC HAS EXCELLENT COMBAT SCENES AND GOOD ACTING TO SPARE, BUT IT JUST GOES ON TOO LONG. AND AFTER ABOUT THE FIRST 90 MINUTES OR SO, IT BEGINS TO GROW TIRESOME. BUT, IT RECOVERS TOWARD THE END. IF YOU LIKE THESE TYPES OF MOVIES, YOU SHOULD LIKE THIS. BUT, THE VIEWER SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SEE SOME EXTREME VIOLENCE WHEN WATCHING THIS.
 Some anime titles are made up of such a bizarre set of traits that all it takes is a passing glance to recognize that there's no way this could have been created domestically.  Venus Versus Virus is exactly one such title.  Here we have a gun-shooting demon-buster teenage girl with teal hair and an eye patch charged with saving all of humanity from an evil virus outbreak.  If this sounds a little strange to you, rest assured, things get even weirder once you're in.  In the mean time, let's check out the specs shall we?  Released across two discs, Venus Versus Virus contains the complete series (12 episodes) and comes packaged in a single regular-sized dvd case.  Total runtime comes in at 290 minutes and the show wears an appropriate if not slightly conservative TV 14 rating due presumably to the gun touting and semi violent themes presented.  Graphic gore, nudity, and sexual themes are nonexistent here.  Extras come in the form of textless songs and a crop of upcoming Funimation title trailers on the second disc.  Language options are typical sub and dub meaning the choice between running the original Japanese dialog or an English dubbed version and the option to show English subtitles over either track.  The story follows the exploits of the Venus Vanguard organization, or more specifically, the eye patch wearing goth-girl Lucia and her teenage recruit Sumire as they bust the bad guys with their pistols.  Bad guys in this case refers to possessed critters and people who are basically carriers of an "evil virus.  Sumire, it turns out, has a unique ability in that the bullets our heroines use to kill these viruses have an effect on her as well.  In addition to being one of few who can actually see the viruses for what they really are, when shot with an anti-virus slug, Sumire enters a berserker rage mode that allows her to whip some major demon buttocks.  Still, despite this, she desires only to lead an ordinary life.  The problem is the stone-cold gothic business-woman Lucia isn't about to allow all of this talent to go wasted and hence recruits young Sumire into the Venus Vanguard sect to rid the world of demons everywhere.  The pacing is consistent if not entirely linear with some adequate flashback sequences peppered in the mix for good measure.  Visuals too are passable but nothing worth getting too excited over.  Of course, shows like this aren't purchased for visual flair but rather for their unique spin on what boils down to a character-driven drama.  In that regard Venus Versus Virus is fair as well.  If you notice a pattern forming here, it is perhaps that the VVV report card is loaded with average grades which, if you'll remember from school, doesn't get you grounded but doesn't exactly get you praised either.  The show relies upon a lot of character clich&eacute; to get its point across.  Take Lucia for example, with an outwardly cold persona to hide the fact that inside she's warm and marshmallowy just like everyone else.  Sumire is your average school girl who wants nothing more than to worry about boys, zits and going to the prom but happens to be both blessed and burdened by a unique ability that makes her invaluable to the struggle against evil.  The evil in question is at times playful and has a little bit too much in common with the type of ghosts one would expect to find in a Disney-themed haunted house than the whole Buffy the Vampire Slayer theme the show seems to have been aiming for.  Dub work is pretty solid although clearly the ADV Films' English track remains on this Funimation release.  I say this because generally speaking, Funimation's dubs are a cut above the rest.  The soundtrack goes out of its way to use eerie tones and suspenseful melodies to remind viewers that this is supposed to be a little scarier than the bright visuals suggest.  In all, this is an interesting little series that makes the most out of what limited resources it was given.  Since it is limited only to twelve episodes, the type of character development and all-inclusive closure episodes are never fully established.  Instead the trip through is quite light and airy in its prose with just enough "chicks shooting guns action to lighten up the whole gothic motif.
 This anime is, to put it simple, a shonen yuri about two female friends with guns who fight zombies while one of them falls for a boy.  What a more descriptive description?  It involves two teenage girls, Sumire and Lucia. Lucia has a "gift", stated loosely, that makes her see "viruses". Said viruses are out to get her. Sumire acquires the ability too, but you won't learn how until the fifth episode or so. Sumire meets a boy near the beginning of the anime and falls for him.  Enter trials, errors, cuteness, sadness, and action here.  I'm a big fan of the manga however the anime has little to do with it other then the basic plot and characters (even then, their personalities and character developments are different). The two end differently, in popular opposite ways, and they even begin differently. Only a few events are based off manga events.  The ending will leave you short and sad. I recommend this but only if you like the manga, or yuri, a lot. If not, check out the manga.
 If you are planning on purchuseig it and you already saw the whole show and love it then i have no objections. but if you have never seen this show know that the ending is horriable and may want you to put the show away and never watch it again, yes the ending was that bad. It seemed like the animators got kinda lazy toward the end and left just about every string hanging. The begining episodes are really good and you could probably watch them again and again. Before you buy this ask yourself, am i ok with buying the show with one of the most disaponting ending ever?
 This serie is a good example of how to trash a strong beginning with a stupid ending. The story of Lucia and Sumire against the virus had so much potential during the first 10 episode that I was expecting the last 4 with impatience, but all the question I had where never answered. You lost 2 episode on making a cake? and they spend the last 2 to explain everything! It seems like that they where told to pull the plug when there where only 2 episode left. Unless your a fan of the manga and want to see how bad it was translated into a anime, avoid this serie and buy the excellent manga(with the complete story) instead.
 Its a good anime for a person with a short atenchen span or someone that gets bored esily. Very good idea but just way to short for me.
 Well, as far as cinematography having come a long way...in comparison to previous Terminator movies, I found this one the least interesting. Without having to give out spoilers, it just felt like a filler story to try and satisfy the fanatics, but it did not personally satisfy me. Perhaps it's mostly because I needed the "Gov'nah lol. And I thought the last Terminator was "meh (don't get me wrong, the hubby loved the hot robot chick, haha), this one was double "meh for me.  Oh, by the way, I had to send back the first Blu Ray because when I opened it up, it contained 2 random CD-R's that were OBVIOUSLY not the the movie, lol. However, Amazon was very quick in sending out a replacement. That was a first experience with Amazon I had to deal with.
 I wish I would have looked at all of the reviews closely.  The seller says nothing about this movie no longer having an active digital copy.  Since I bought the movie exclusively so that I could have the digital copy it was a "let down when I discovered the fine print on the packaging.  DO NOT make the same mistake I made...If you are buying this for the digital movie insert - keep walking.
 In terms of mindless adventure films, this one was excellent from the beginning.  Plenty of action sequences, battles, and nasty terminator robots.  I can't fault the film
 Terminator Salvation is the fourth in the Terminator series. It's also the lesser of the four. The first three starred Ah-Nuld, and were great because of him. Terminator Salvation stars Christian Bale and is slightly above average in spite of him. The action is good, the Terminators are great (including that one that looks identical to Arnold S. circa 1984), but the story isn't. They just don't make action movies the way they used to, when they not only had good action, but they also had something to entertain you even when something wasn't blowing up. When nothing is being shot or blown up onscreen, Terminator
 As action films go there is action.  That is fine for a big screen TV, but not worth the theater screen fare.  Honestly, T1 & T2 were the best in the series and should have stopped there.  All those that followed are just confused, inconsistent messes. Yep, the action is there but plot, story line, dialog, and acting are...well...never fluid.  This film with McG and Bale prove it.  If you want action it is here, if you are looking for rebirth of the franchise and substance...no it is not here.
 Buy or rent? Buy or rent? What to do...what to do? Well, here's a word of advice
 Lots of action and thrills here, if not enough decent acting. But that's hardly the point of this franchise, and on that level T4 delivers. The script is ok, and the basic concept is a good one. If all you want is some high-tech whiz-bangery, this should do it.  Disconcertingly, at various moments in the film it's not easy to know if Christian Bale is man or machine; his somewhat wooden style is almost uber-ironic here. But McG continues to deliver the goods, visually, though this one feels somehow hollow, despite excellent effects. T4, while better than T3, never approaches T2. But then again, James Cameron has rather more of a sense of humor than McG.  Worth watching after you've seen T2 three or four times, perhaps.
 The film Terminator Salvation, has some good points to it, and some bad points, as well. Plenty of action, good visual effects, we see more about the machines, John Connor's character, as an adult is more developed. Now, for some of the bad points, it's still the same Terminator story, being retold again, compared to the first two films, which were, fresh and original, when they came out. The other characters' in the film weren't so interesting, except, maybe, Marcus. The story isn't resolved by the end of the film, either.
 In the future, John Connor leads the human resistance against Skynet, a worldwide force of sentient machines hell-bent on destroying mankind, whom are viewed as mortal enemies.  In The Terminator, Arnold Schwarzenegger plays the title role, as a cyborg who has been sent back in time to kill John's mother Sarah Connor; it is believed that eliminating Sarah would prevent John from being born and allow the machines to "win.  A man named Kyle Reese is also sent back, by the humans, to protect Sarah; he succeeds, hence Skynet's attempt fails, and we find out that Kyle ends up being the father of the unborn John Connor.  Terminator 2
 For Terminator Fans, of which I am one, this was an entertaining movie.  It was a fun movie to watch on a slow weekend evening. It was the best of the recent man vs. machine genre movies.  There is now a platform for rebuilding the franchise now that previous casts have moved on to other things.
 As expected, the special effects were, well, special. Unfortunately, after the special effects, there apparently was not enough money left to pay for a 14 year-old to point out the glaring errors in the script - my favorite was when the 6 story-tall robot that shook the earth when it walked and was accompanied by a jet plane, snuck up on the people in the desert quick-trip. The script also failed to close the loop and send Kyle back to save Sarah. The basic problem is that somebody other than James Cameron was allowed to direct the sequel Terminator movies. The second one was not terrible, but the T3 and Salvation were way off from what they could have been.
 I'm a big fan of everything 'Terminator' (own everything on DVD or Blu-Ray) - but this film is a major disappointment.  It has one good action sequence early in the film (though even that steals ideas from Transformers).  The big action sequence at the end is nothing more than Terminator 1's end action scene all over again, right down to the 'Help me, John!' lure by the terminator.  I went in with low expectations, which usually means I can be pleasantly surprised by any redeeming qualities.  There weren't many, in the case of this film.  Sam Worthington plays a character worth watching though.  Christian Bale's character was drab and uninteresting.  (Let's hope he didn't mean it when he said he would be back!)
 The Terminator franchise is an odd beast.  Since the original 1984 feature, it has been sold to three (soon to be four) different production companies and two different studios.  The only times the plot and dialogue have blended well together were in the first two movies, thanks to the care and writing skill of the younger James Cameron.  Since then, the timeline, plot, and characters of Terminator have gone through mutations and minor changes, either to the delight or disappointment of fans (usually the latter).  For a franchise that doesn't have millions of fans like Star Trek or even Battlestar Galactica, Terminator still has legs.  And Terminator Salvation was a great opportunity to tie some loose ends left over from the last movie and TV series, and reboot the franchise in the hopes of producing a John Connor trilogy.  This film is either the first film of a  second trilogy, or an intermediate movie while the future of the franchise goes up for bid in a Hollywood auction in 2010.  So how is this movie?  First the bad news.  Some of the dialogue, as is the case in too many action films, is poor.  I've always believed movie producers should hire more than script doctors.  They should hire an experienced screenwriter or playwright to give the dialogue a go-over.  The plots are usually okay.  But the words coming out of character's mouths can always use an upgrade.  Again, I look at Aliens as a model in how smart action movie dialog should be written.  At least the dialogue in Terminator Salvation holds together for the first 20 minutes of the 117 minute director's cut.  Slightly less bad news - if the director prefers to be known as 'MCG' (Joseph McGinty Nichol), and whose previous works were the two Charlie's Angels films, you know he's going to spin his wheels and show-off a little bit.  And MCG does.  But he also proves for the first time that he is capable of assembling top-grade action sequences that are both thrilling and comprehensible (unlike Christopher Nolan, who seemed incapable of directing a good action sequence in The Dark Knight, IMO).  MCG seems to have done his homework.  His attention to detail setting-up and executing action sequences is similar to the directors he grew-up with (George Lucas, Brian DePalma, John Woo, James Cameron).  If I were the executive producer, I would have wanted Alfonso Cuaron (Children of Men) to direct, or at least a director who didn't give himself a nickname.  And finally, the movie does go off the rails a bit towards the end.  The second half of the movie is poor and cliched.  Christian Bale gets more screen time in the second half, but the final acts test the boundaries of medical and physical plausibility.  Also the second half is weighed-down by b-movie explosions, obvious homages to the first two Terminator movies, and brief tips of the cap to The Matrix, Lord of the Rings, and Aliens (not so brief with the last movie, as the entire climax seems to replicate Ripley's Rescue).  The first half of the film is clearly better than the second half.  At least the two halves are bridged by a most impressive (and original) chase and battle sequence in which all the great elements of the film come together beautifully.  That sequence is simply crackerjack.  But everything else in the movie I see as good news, in varying amounts.  Masio Kassar remained as executive producer (from T2 and T3) and hired as much Terminator talent as he could - namely the editor and an apprentice of Stan Winston's.  The casting is fine.  The photography, despite being handled by a disliked, unorthodox DP, is excellent, and matches the film's bleak theme and outlook.  The sound design is close to brilliant, with the machines sounding radically different from the previous three movies to awesome effect.  Danny Elfman's restrained score stays off the soundtrack during most action sequences, allowing the jet engines and explosions to speak for themselves.  Art direction and costumes are all first-rate.  Special effects are almost all top-notch, with the exception of a few cheap explosions and some of the aircraft shots.  Some plot weaknesses and poor dialogue aside, this is a wonderfully bleak movie.  Mankind is almost doomed.  The machines are smarter and sometimes more brutal than the previous films.  The machines are not always consistent in their speed (hey they have to take their time to aim at our heroes), but they are always quick to destroy human vehicles before humans, and that is a very welcome bit of smart military strategy on their part.  And some humans are fairly brutal as well.  It's tough for a studio to have a bleak movie as its summer tent pole, but that's what Terminator Salvation was to Warner, which struck box office gold a year earlier with The Dark Knight.  Terminator Salvation failed to crack the # 1 spot in its opening weekend.  But it will be remembered for being the best Terminator feature in 18 years, and that is saying quite a lot.
 I have purchased several Blu-Ray movies through Amazon and I have always been very satisfied with the Delivery time and Quality of the Blu-Ray DVD's until I purchased this one, I ordered this Blu-Ray DVD at the same time I ordered 3 other Blu-Ray DVD's and this one took an extra 10 day's to arrive after I received the other 3 Blu-Ray DVD's.
 Not near as good as I was hoping. Thought it would take place right after Sky-Net took over not some years down the line. I hope one day I'm good enough to twist a few wires on a car that has set for years and am able to start it within a minte or two. ;)
 I am a huge fan of the Terminator series. The second movie being my personal favorite and also just my favorite movie of all time. 'Nuff said. That being said, it's hard for me to watch a Terminator and be... impartial I guess you could say cuz I love this series so damn much. That first Terminator movie was incredible and you were really hoping to see more of the incredible story unfold. After Judgment Day, I would always wonder what the hell happened to the movies?! At the very least, there were plenty of Terminator comics you could follow. I never actually read them cuz I was just a kid and had no idea of there existence until more recently... I've gotten side tracked... Uhhh I read Robocop vs Terminator though. That was awesome. OK back on track
 Christian Bale and Sam Worthington star in this 2009 sci-fi film. In 2018, John Connor rescues his father with a cyborg's help. This is pretty good and Christian is great as John. This dvd has nice picture and sound, but no extras. I still recommend this.
 I purchased this product thinking it would be some excellent version and not disappoint. Was great in terms of quality and sound, but the major gripe I had with this was that though it was shot in 16
 I've watched this movie 3 times now and I must say I do enjoy the action part of the movie, that being said some of the script could have been much better, some of the lines delivered are just ridiculous. for example the character Marcus delivers a line  So that's what death taste's like after kissing the Doctor in the beginning of the movie was very corny. Also there are some major issues when Marcus meets Kyle Reese, didnt Kyle find it odd that Marcus wasnt aware of why he didnt know about "Judgement Day he never questions that? The movie was drivin more for action than character development..so if you keep that in mind you can still enjoy the movie.  The DVD quality is as follows
 I liked this film the least of the films and less than The Sarah Connor Chronicles. I think the action scenes were good and McG did surprisingly well with them and the acting. I think the biggest flaw was having the focus away from John Connor. I don't think the Marcus character was compelling at all. It could have been eliminated at the script stage and the heart transplant in a tent is just ridiculous... With the bidding war on between Lionsgate and Sony over the Terminator rights, this may be the last big budget Terminator film we'll see. It's a shame, I think there is more story to tell...
 Lots of action, but terminator2 still the best. T1is a classic action film. Ok but not as great as previous terminators.
 Christan Bale gives a outstanding genuine heart felt performance as John Connor. I also enjoyed the fact that they had a half human half terminator in this film. The coolest thing besides that is a CGI cameo by Arnold Swartzeneger in the final act of the movie. The special effects were sweet as well as the stunts and robotics. Anton Yelchin was really good as teenage Kyle Reese. This was a genuine portrayal of the future war against machines. The picture is okay for what picture the format can produce. The other thing that bothered me was the fact that this dvd version does not include the "Director's Cut version of the movie. I would also like to point out that the dvd has absolutely no extras. The Blu-ray version of the movie not only includes the "Director's cut but other extras that talk about how they did stunts and effects for the movie. The "Director's Cut version of the movie is 3 minutes longer and includes a nude scene in the rain of Moon Bloodgood, more blood in the scene where men attempt to rape her, and a tension building scene between Christian Bale and Michael Ironside in which "General Ashdown puts a gun to John Connor's head. I prefered the "Director's Cut version of the movie because it lent more to the story emotionally and visually. Also to those who think there is no difference between "Blu-ray and "Dvd you need to get some glasses morons. It offers 6x the resolution that "Dvd produces, and you get a much more crisper detailed picture. The difference is mind blowing considering it is a increase in resolution of "720x480i to "1920x1080p. You would have to be an idiot to not consider buying a "Blu-ray player if you own a "HDTV". DVD is fine if you have a tube tv but it is so blury and nasty on a "HDTV. The Bottom line is Terminator Salvation is better on Bluray. <a href="http
 I really wanted to like TERMINATOR SALVATION.  In fact, after the first few scenes, I thought I would. But fate was not going to be kind to me on that count.  First, what went right (there will be spoilers)
 It's saving grace is that it did have a plot and it did sync up pretty well with the other 3 Terminator movies, but it could have been so much better, especially with an actor like Christian Bale staring in it.  I've really enjoyed all of his movies and tried so hard to like this one as well.  It was filled with CGI, most of it fair to bad as well as goofy things that no human could ever survival, like a helocast from a pretty decent altitude at a high rate of speed that John Conner performed and didn't even get wet in the process.  The plot was overcast by almost non-stop action in an apparent attempt to hide it, which is a real shame, as the plot is a noble one.  The ending was unsurprising as well.  Of course we all know that John Conner has to survive or the other movies in the franchise wouldn't make sense, but there was only one surprise to the whole thing and that card should have been played closer to the end so that boredom wouldn't set in before it thankfully came to an end.
 While lacking the blend of action and humanity that made the first two movies so good, this is a decent film as long as you don't go in with ginormous expectations.  The plot is a little jumbled, the movie takes some time to hit its stride and the acting (especially by the leads) is plastic at times, but there are some good action sequences and enough going on that I was able to power through some wicked tiredness to watch this at 1 a.m. the other day.  I particularly liked Marcus Wright's plotline, which is unfortunately undermined by some subpar acting on Worthington's part. I kind of enjoyed the fact that John Connnor isn't head of the human resistance; after the last two films one expects him to be the honcho. It was cool how John used his computer know-how in a few situation, harking back to T2 when he hacks into the ATM. The Kyle Reece storyline and the actor who plays him are really cool. That could almost have been its own movie.  There was a lot I didn't like, or at least a lot of things I wish the filmmakers had re-considered
 Ever since seeing the flashbacks/flash forwards of the future in the first two Terminator movies, I was really hoping to get a movie about the actual resistance war against the machines.  It has been done in comic book form, but I really wanted the big movie story.  I was actually a bit disappointed by this movie.  I think Bale is a fine choice as leader of the resistance, though he didn't really do as much with the role as I would have liked.  I also thought that the world that had endured a nuclear war and the rising of machines should have looked much more desolate and grim.  The first two movies show a world that is shattered and dark.  The story is okay, though much of it feels like a set up for a sequel that may or may not come based on the low box office take.  Good action sequences make this interesting throughout despite many short comings.
 Ok, so the "Terminator films are legend. Arnold, Hamilton and a slew of goofy one liners, chilling murders and mind bending temporal paradox theories really defined a generation for sci-fi. With all of that in my head, I waited with baited breath to see how Christian Bale would handle the Terminator legacy... I was disappointed. I'm not saying I didn't really like the film, but there is more "Transformers than "Terminator about it. So, my bottom line
 Now I will start off by saying that I agree with Cameron that the series should have ended with T2.  I didn't and we have T3
 Despite some strong acting, this isn't much of a movie.  The next day I couldn't remember how it ended.  But that's not what I want to focus on.  I want to talk about the DVD, not the movie itself.  This pertains to the single-disk widescreen regular DVD edition.  There are only two choices you have on the main menu
 The Good
 With a bit of a disappointing movie called 'Terminator 3
 Two very different movies are happening at the same time in Terminator Salvation, one of which is much more interesting than the other.  Usually when this happens it means that a producer liked a previous draft well enough to keep its elements, but a later writing team couldn't integrate them well enough into the script as a whole for them to make sense.  The first movie stars Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood, as well as Yelchin, and is the more interesting of the two.  The characters are more fleshed out than in the other film, and through Marcus Wright we see an aspect of Skynet that we haven't before.  The second movie stars Christian Bale, and is not nearly as interesting.  In many ways, John Connor is essentially along for the ride.  I don't understand this, given that John Connor is supposed to be the leader of the resistance, and a charismatic leader; you'd think he'd be the focus of the movie.  Bale's Connor is bland and unapproachable, through no fault of Bale; the script gives him very little to work with.  On the bright side, there isn't much here that's going to tick you off if you're a fan of the Terminator movies, unlike certain aspects of T3 that made me want to chuck a shoe at my TV.  On the down side, after it's over, my reaction was "huh, so that was it, instead of, "that was really cool.  When a movie with killer robots, time travel, Helena Bonham Carter, a nuclear war, and some Road Warrior cars elicits that kind of response, it has failed in its mission.  This is fine as a rental, but I wouldn't add this to my permanent collection.
 Movie does well on its own.  The sound on the blu ray is some of the best I've heard, Transformers1-2, Dark Knight, Iron Man, the picture is great but the movie looks a bit drab, it's meant to look like this I assume.  The director's cut is the best way to watch the movie as the original has some poor editing.  Kyle Reese is played well but I did not care for Moon Bloodgood.  Good not Amazing.
 It's hard to know how to rate these releases at times. Do you base it on the movie alone? The DVD/Blu-Ray release? I'll have to do the movie and dvd seperate in this review because the grades are different.  The Theatrical Cut is a decent movie. It feels like T3 (which might not be so good to some of you) in the way that a lot of story feels cut. Sometimes it feels like a scene or two is missing. The story, what little there is of it, makes for a decent movie, but could be so much better. Something tells me that James Cameron would have done so much more, but that's movies these days, little story, lots of CGI. Though I must confess I liked Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. What made it to the movie story-wise was decent, but again could be a lot better. It feels like all sizzle and no steak. I'd have to give the movie a B-  The DVD release is highly disappointing. No EXTRAS! Nothing. Not a trailer, commentary or anything that I'm used to with buying dvds. Unfortunately, it seems you have to get blu-ray or else be left behind. I love movies too much to settle for bare bones dvds like this. I think it is an awful way to treat customers and thst the industry is shooting themselves in the foot. Standard DVD will die it's natural death like VHS and everything else before. Why force it? Why risk turning fans against you when you force an issue by not releasing the standard extras? I just think they should let standard dvd fade away, but this is not an industry that is fan friendly. How many times do they release dvds like this only to release the special edition or whatever so fans have to double-dip or just lose out. This DVD release gets an F- from me. Lowest possible score. Rent it. Don't buy. Wait for some far off future re-release anniversary, special edition, blu-ray, anything but this. The companies involved should feel ashamed at themselves for ripping fans off. But they don't. It's all about the money.
 John Connor could not prevent Judgment Day from happening; he could only delay it. Now the war has arrived, and John (Christian Bale), along with his wife (Bryce Dallas Howard) and any other surviving humans they run across are part of the Resistance, a group fighting for survival against the machines.  Marcus (Sam Worthington) is part man, part machine, a rejuvenated murderer who was put to death before Judgment Day. The machines created him to combat the Resistance, but his human soul makes him loyal to that side of himself. After sneaking into a base, John Connor orders him to be destroyed, but an amorous female (Moon Bloodgood) helps him escape. Marcus barters with John; he will infiltrate Skynet to save Kyle Reese (Anton Yelchin), John's father.  As a stand-alone movie, Terminator Salvation is a mediocre action movie which follows a formula set up by others of the genre. It has exciting moments, its predictable moments, and boring stretches. However, as a member of the Terminator series, it is incredibly disappointing, and has such a different mood, it stands out like a wrong note.  Somehow the post-apocalyptic world does not seem as scary and desolate as it did in Reese's flashbacks in T1. There is too much daylight in this movie, and the Resistance has too many resources. Furthermore, these actors' renditions of famous lines from the previous films come out cheesy and cheap, like the film makers just threw them in to keep fans happy.  There are also several continuity problems. How does Alice in Chains begin playing in the Jeep after Marcus hot wires it? I find it hard to believe that a CD, let along a car, survived the nuclear explosions, but lets just assume they did. How, then, does Guns and Roses play over the radio when there isn't a radio station around to broadcast it? Also, how did Sarah Connor's tapes survive Judgment Day? I found it annoying too that they've been re-recorded, although audio obviously exists of them from previous films.  I find it rather annoying that the cast changes with each film; maybe the film makers should take a hint when all of their stars refuse to reprise their roles. The characters seem very shallow in comparison to the previous films. We have spent years getting to know them, John Connor particularly, and suddenly he's completely different, a hardened shell of who he used to be. Bale plays the part like he never saw the other movies in the series, which is made all the more obnoxious because he is a celebrated "Method actor. His involvement seems is a gross miscasting. The most fascinating character is Reese, who is a bit of a mystery anyway, but if a sequel is made (and I hope one isn't), let's hope Reese is the focus.
 While I agree the movie is OK if you are above the age of 15; however, I share the disappointments with Warner Bros.'s disregard for suppling their CLIENTS with the normal, expected Dig Copy advertised.  IT IS NOT INCLUDED and you have to go on-line, down load the instructions onto your own media, then follow the instructions to finally say something you sincerely hope the kids did not over-hear. For me, who installs multi-user accounting applications, grew wary with everything that had to be done in hopes that my son may get the dig copy by Christmas.  As if the holidays aren't stressful enough!  Disneys/Pixar's UP, FOX/20th's Museum @ Smithsonian, Paramount's STAR TREK, etc. digital copies were all INCLUDED inside the package, along with activation codes.  SIMPLE, getting what you're paying for!  I like that - a LOT!  However, I agree with a lot of other reviewers
 Terminator 4 is not per se a bad movie, but its not a very good one.  The problem lies with the director's choices which parallel the scripts choices, that is, the concentration on machines.  The director is far more interested in the special effects and creating the bleak environment of post-judgment day using computers and machines than the characters themselves.  Similarly the script is more interested in the "fake terminator of Marcus than in John Connor or humanity.  Though I don't want to reference the great earlier terminator movies, what's was crucial to the story is that it was humanity struggling to survive and fighting to prevent the future.  Sadly, this movie loses both of these things, being set in a time where the future was created, with characters are two-dimensional at best.  Why does John Connor fight the machines?  He doesn't seem to have any actual desire to fight, but only does so because its what he was told to do.  Similarly the soldiers are largely emotionless and uncaring, not interested in doing anything but destroying things.  Oddly the only character who has even a little humanity is a machine, marcus.  Sadly, I didn't really care about him as there is no real reason to, other than he's the protaganist of the story.  Sadly this movie reminds me of how I felt watching arnold as the first terminator, it was tense, dark, and muscular, but completely lacked any feeling.  As to the blu-ray, I feel there is going to be a double dip down the line, as there are very few features, and the ones that exist aren't that great.  However, the picture looks pretty great, especially the effects.  Maybe worth renting, but I can't see it in my collection.
 This movie was sub-par. It was just called Terminator to sell tickets. I didn't enjoy more than half of this movie. It was OK. But the other three where so much better. For those of you who scoffed at T3, I think after you saw this one you where probably more grateful for T3 than you had been. Let's hope, since they did take in a little bit of a profit, if you factor in the worldwide total, let's hope the next one is better. Let's hope they get better writers and a better director and a better soundtrack. I'd hate to see the Terminator franchise meet its own Judgement Day.  I think my favorite part about this movie wasn't the movie itself but Christian Bale's on set tirade.  I give this movie a 3/10. Sorry... It grows on you a little but, mostly it disappoints.
 I'v enjoyed all 4 films.  The only thing I notice missing from Salavation was the pacing was off.  The first 3 films(yes, even the 3rd) kept up that relentless, stalking, edge of your seat type pacing that the 4th film just lacked.  In terms of quality of production, acting, effects, it's top notch. It just doesn't flow as well as the earlier films.  So in my opinion it would come in 4th behind the previous films. Doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it or thought it was bad.......just not quite the experience for me as the earlier films.  Will still buy it though when it comes out on Blu-Ray  I'm looking forward to the next film.  Bring it on!
 I want to add two things
 The Terminator films have always demanded that its viewers exhibit an above-average "disbelief suspension.  Each incarnation of the series up to now has embraced the possibility of time travel with the caveat that only live matter or matter encased in live matter can make the journey (not to mention "dead hair and fingernails attached to live matter).  And, of course, there's the liquid metal introduced in T2 and carried over into T3.  Although there's no time travel in "Terminator Salvation, an above-average suspension of disbelief is still required.  In this outing, John Connor is not "THE resistance leader, but merely "A resistance leader, one who is not even privy to what those at the top of the human food chain are doing or planning.  While on an ill-fated mission at the beginning, he discovers that the machines are kidnapping humans and, later, learns that they are being taken to Skynet HQ in San Francisco.  One of the kidnapped humans, he finds, happens to be Kyle Reese, his father (originally played by Michael Biehn in "The Terminator") who is only a teenager in this particular future.  He learns about Kyle from a character named Marcus Wright, played by Sam Worthington, who you'll immediately question the "humanness of, which was probably intentional on the part of the filmmakers.  While the plot of the film is--along with the acting and special effects--worthy enough to make this an above-average sci-fi movie, there are a few details that prompt some head scratching.  In many parts of the movie, gigantic terminators (land-based or airborne) are shown.  With such "beings about, it's a little surprising that any shed in the desert hasn't been pulverized along with just about every other building that could shelter a human.  Add to that the fact that John Connor operates a fairly large resistance base replete with helicopters and fighter jets, all unbeknownst to the high-tech eyes of the machines.  Whether or not you dwell on this type of thing (or notice it to begin with), "Terminator Salvation  will probably fit your bill for high-budget, sci-fi action-adventure.  Recommended.
 I just watched a screener of the director's cut, which is only 2-3 minutes more in running time than the theatrical version.  Let me first say that I thought this movie was solid from an action standpoint.  However, the myriad of plot holes, cheesy lines and bad acting moments from the theatrical version are still present in this Director's Cut!  Most of all, the infamous Moon Bloodgood topless scene is here....and it is TERRIBLE!! Description
 This is a better than average action film, but compared to earlier 3, it has little emotional pitch and the themes - of fate, heroism, and evolution - are not advanced at all - you get no idea that time lines are converging in spite of tampering with time travel devices and actions, the characters are rather set and do nothing unexpected, and Conor is, well, just kind of superhuman as the robots bounces him off walls, etc.  Still, it is fun and the images are quite good at times.  The acting is very strong with Bale, Yelchin, and Worthington.  Oddly, Conor's wife, who Danes so superlatively acted in T3, is a peripheral character in this film and poorly done.  Interestingly, I bought this as blu-ray, and I can't say that the picture, with the exception of a few images, is more than marginally better.  There is no unmistakable, quantum improvement over dvds.  REcommended. It is worth owning if you like to dissect the nuances of the series.  I'd give this 3.5 stars.
 I watched this movie, expecting a better storyline. There was less story and more special effects though. To me a movie is always a let down when that happens. I won't spoil it for you by telling you anything specifically in the movie. I will say that you can watch this without seeing any of the other terminator movies or The Sarah Connor Chronicles series and you will be able to follow with no problem. All in all I gave it 3 stars. Then again my views might also have been affected by my physical condition while watching the movie, as I have recently injured my back, and been laid up for over a week. Anyway, the movie is a great form of escapism, the action is almost non-stop as is the case with most terminator movies. I just wish there had been more to the storyline. It felt too gappy.  Rod
 I guess I expected more from this movie after all the terminator series I've watched.  I just wasn't that impressed with it.  As always though there was great service from Amazon.
 Terminator is like one of those franchises where if there's enough rumors and speculation about a potential sequel in the future, you can bet some screenwriter or producer is like "hey yeah! we can make a new... and find someone with the interest in doing it. I mean Terminator 1 and 2 are considered, T2 especially, to be classics so any director would most likely snap at the chance in doing another installment even if the fanbase or the story doesn't need it and so we have Terminator Salvation, a film directed by McG who's predominantly known for directing Charlie's Angels on the big screen. So how's the film? It's strangely not...bad? Well I shouldn't say that as there's clear problems with the film right from the get-go whether it's script-related or just the direction in the film,there's so many off elements that it feels like the good stuff has to battle it out with the bad stuff just to save face. It's not an utter travesty like many claimed but the movie just does so much wrong that it's like doing a guitar solo and for every awesome moment, there's just dead notes.  The year is 2018 (a year shown in red against a black background which made it strangely hard to read for me) and Judgement Day has happened leaving mankind to fight to survive not only in terms of supplies and shelter but in their war against the machines developed by Skynet. Found wandering the wasteland is Marcus Wright, a former death row inmate now walking a world he's unfamiliar with and with company he's just met, namely Kyle Reese and small mute girl Star. Also in the former world fighting the machines is John Connor, who some believe to be the savior for humanity while others believe he's just nutty (though we strangely don't get that side of the conflict in the movie much). Marcus and John will eventually meet and form an unlikely partnership as they try to take down Skynet.  My problems with the story strangely can be best evidenced in the "Maximum Movie Mode", the innovative commentary/picture-in-picture/analysis of the film you might've seen in the "Watchmen release. Near the end of the film, McG shows us 2 deleted scenes
 The special effects are really good.  Some of the story is good.  But overall, it seemed inconsistant with the other Terminators.  The ending was corny.
 I'm a big Terminator fan. It's one of my most favorite movies of all time. I love T1 and T2. T3 was made for the fans and I loved that too just because it got Arnold back in his old role. When I heard another Terminator movie was going to come out I figured it was either going to be mind blower, or really poorly done. Terminator salvation is somewhere in between those two. It's a mind blower because they adapted a lot of new concepts into the Terminator story arc, but it's poorly done because it doesn't follow the originals too well.   T-Salvation is a "Super Holly Woodized version of T1 & T2. With all the special effects added in, it kind of took away from the realism of Terminator and made it seem a bit too "Sci-Fi or just unbelievable. It lacked the element of realism that made T1 & T2 so fantastic. Watching Terminator Salvation made me flashback to watching "War Of The Worlds or "Transformers with it's heavy CGI use. It's just action scene after action seen with a shallow story in between.   Aside from the usual focus on John Conner this one mainly centered around Kyle Reese and an unknown Terminator Marcus Wright. I enjoyed the Unknown Terminator more than anyone else in this film. He was the only one that had a "personality and "story to add to the film.   The weirdest thing about it all is that it seemed to take John forever to trust and accept the Unknown Terminator as an ally...I only guess he forgot about the last to films T2 and T3 where a Terminator only SAVED HIS LIFE! about a dozen times. I mean common what is this garbage! Did the writers not ever see any of the other films? In this movie John hates Terminators more than they hate themselves. You think after all these years he would realize that the Terminators can be programmed to protect people instead of just killing them... or did he forget what he learned from Arnold?   The bottom line is that what  makes this movie such a disappointment is its lack of a developed story, and knowing the series they could have done so much better. It's the future and John is the leader of a "resistance group and people follow him on command. I must have fell asleep between T3 and Terminator Salvations because I think there's a movie missing. You know the one they made that explains HOW John became the military leader people would follow? How these massive armies came together to fight the machines, and how the machines organized and developed themselves to be such a powerful and dominating force. Terminator Salvation skips all of that and jumps right into the future. The biggest problem there is that the Machines are more advanced than the ones than we encountered in the first 2 movies that were supposed to be from a much more distant future than the one presented in T-Salvation. That's where the story becomes confusing for the audience. It's more futuristic and developed than the T1 and T3 future, but its set further back in the time than those dates.   When you watch Terminator Unknown throughout the movie, you realize that he is out of place, because he more humanistic than the other terminators. This is something that the T-800, and T-1000 who were created at much later dates could not achieve. Apparently Skynet was able to make a highly advanced Terminator that modeled humans perfectly, so much so that it had no problems reaching either of their primary targets "Kyle Reese and "John Connor that they spent the first 1-3 movies trying to kill. Even though those terminators where made at a date much later than Terminator Unknown...? That just doesn't make any sense. All it shows me is that the creators of this movie are not followers of the Terminator series. T-Salvation is completely out of place and is pretty much the "Batman & Robin"of the series (yeah the one with George Clooney).   Watching this film you'll appreciate the action sequences, but if your looking for those nostalgic moments that made T-1 and T-2 famous it's not here at all. Pick it up because you want to see a Terminator action film, but don't take it to heart as it has many flaws. For this reviewer the Glass was half empty. Decent film, just not as developed as it should have been and there's no excuse for that. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it either.
 I fell asleep after about of hour of watching this movie....it was ok i guess looked great on blu-ray but as far as the movie goes....nowhere near as good as the other 3 terminator movies
 Not really. That quote was a part of Christian Bale's infamous meltdown/tirade recorded on the set of this film (Hear it on youtube). After watching the extended director's cut of this film, I can now understand and sympathize with Mr. Bale's tension on the set...he obviously came to the realization that this was not one of his better career choices and became crankier as the project wore on.  This film only passes because it's a part of a much broader canvas in the franchise. You can find moments to like in the film because you like the Terminator films you grew up with or you like specific actors in the project. Sam Worthington singlehandedly saves this film from being a total failure.  Pro
 I was expecting great things after Christian Bales apparent lack of enthusiasm for T3. Unfortunately for him Terminator 3 Rise of The Machines is far superior to Salvation on every level, better storyline, characters, and much better climax to T4, which is really too derivative of T2's final set piece.  The problem with T4 is that it has no real story to it that you can speak of, quite frankly it's a mess. Sam Worthington is totally miscast, and seems bored throughout the whole movie. As for Christian Bale it's a case of now you see him, now you don't.  On the plus side it is full of special effects that fans will love. Ironically the gas station sequence and the subsequent chase scene following it, is the movie's saving grace. It's truly superb and is one of the best set pieces I have seen in any of the Terminator movies. I have not seen the Directors Cut but I am sure it has to be better than this.
 I WAS REALLY UPSET THAT THE LATEST DVD RELEASE OF TERMINATOR SALVATION DID'NT HAVE THE BONUS FEATURES ON IT. I DON'T LIKE FACT THAT THE DVD SALES MARKETING IS SHOVING BLUE RAY DVDs AND THAT OBNOXIOUS SECOND DISC OF DIGITAL COPIES DOWN OUR THROATS. WHY ARE YOU GOING TO PAY EXTRA FOR A DIGITAL COPY DISC IF YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO USE THE DVD MOVIE ONLY?  I ALWAYS BUY DVD WITH BONUS FEATURES BECAUSE IT GOES OVER HOW THE MOVIE WAS MADE AND INTERVIEW WITH THE ACTORS AND OTHER MOVIE EXTRAS. THE DVD SALES MARKETERS ARE GOING TO LOSE MONEY IN THE NEAR FUTURE IF THEY START AND CONTINUE TO DO THIS.  AS FAR AS THE MOVIE IS CONCERNED IT WAS GIVEN A 3 STAR RATING BY ME BECAUSE I THOUGHT THE STORY LINE COULD HAVE BEEN WRITTEN A LITTLE BETTER. THE ACTION SCENES WERE TO A MINIMUM AND IT DRAGGED AT TIMES. I'M A BIG TERMINATOR FRANCHISE FAN SINCE ITS FIRST RELEASE IN 1985. I JUST THOUGHT IT COULD'VE BEEN BETTER.
 didn`t think, i would ever say that. this edition is a joke. in the german version you get another complete skull head from a t-600 (like in the 6-disc edition) !!! and not just a face
 This movie is way out there... Not sure where they were trying to go with this movie but, I really can't wait till Arnold is no longer playing Governator and gets back to create another actual movie and this one is redone.  I was looking to see Terminators such as Arnold, the T-1's (from the original movie,) Summer Glau, and Kristianna Loken's characters in it or at least similarities to them, there wasn't.  Only briefly there was a single scene where one of the terminators sort of favored Arnold, even then it was a piss poor similarity to his character.  Outside of these nuances, the overall movie was good, just not a James Cameron movie and it shows.
 I am a huge Terminator fan, and have watched the previous installments in the series countless times. A huge appeal of the franchise is the in the innovative and sometimes groundbreaking special effects. On that account, this latest Terminator movie does not disappoint. The final battle between the machines and humans was previously only hinted at, as presumably the sheer scale of the special effects that would need to be used to do it full justice would have been staggering, and to do it convincingly was probably beyond technical skills until now. And yet, this great strength of this movie is also its greatest weakness. As almost everything about the future that that was feared in previous movies has come to pass, very little is left to imagination.  Another big weakness is the storyline. What made Terminator movies so gripping and exciting to watch were the very tight and constrained narratives. Almost every action of the protagonists was well motivated and within the universe of the movie almost inevitable. "Terminator
 I wasn't blown away by this installment of the Terminator series, but there was a lot to enjoy from the dirty visuals to the clever use of the original terminator body etc.  The Director's cut however was COMPLETELY unnecessary to release. It's only about 3 mins longer which is made up (from what I noticed) of a couple partial nudity shots in the early middle of the film and a fleeting redundant mention of Conner's mom in a speech he gives over a radio towards the end which I think was added in this version. Really not worth seeing at all. Adds nothing but a small additional length. It did make me laugh though - the conversation that may have lead to re-incorporating the topless bit for the director's cut
 I really like the terminator series of movies. What is wrong with the movie? The robots are way too stupid. The people are pretty stupid too.  Thats the main problem. If the director understood warfare tactics only alittle it would move made the movie the best yet.IT would be have more suspense and really more interesting. Id of liked all the people to hide and dart around. That is a major let down.  This is suppose to be the future. The people and machines have been battling for awhile now. They should be expert in killing in each other. I would of liked the people to know where to shoot and robots not to miss. It would of been good if they had some kind of technology to trick the robots. An example, Have the people have remote control toys that drive out and fly around. The terminators can not track more then 10 objects at a time. Something clever. IT would of been so much better. It would of gave a glimpse of the future. The humans and machines merging into one.  Its kind of stupid that the robots shoot and miss and the people are better shots. The people stupidly run away and get killed.  At this time it would just not be possible to be that stupid.   I can understand the use of firepower to suppress an and stop the enemy. The blind shooting and unlimited firepower of terminators is stupidity. The flying robots could afford to use alot of rounds but the humanoid terminators need to be smarter in using firepower.  Then the stupid moments of love and girls are in love and stuff like that. That was pretty disappointing. Id liked some fun and smart alec language. This movie could of had some memorable moments. IT had plenty of opportunity for great banter.  Seeing the movie once is enough. Polish up the movie like I say and people will say its the best yet. PLEASE LISTEN IF YOU ARE THE DIRECTOR.  The first terminator movie is the best of the series. T2 is ok. T3 is going downhill.Terminator salvation is an improvement but does not meet the high standard of Terminator original.
 How about getting James Cameron and Christian Bale together for a remake of The Terminator and burn the rest of the Terminator history. We can ask for a bad version with McG and Schwarz. The two respective groups fit perfectly together.
 The first couple Terminator films are easily two of the greatest sci-fi/action flicks in history. The problem with the third one, more than anything else, was that it was largely just more of the same; and you can only recycle the same plot so many times before it gets stale. This explains the filmmaker's decision to set the fouth installment in the post-apocalyptic future where the machine-controlled Skynet is at war with the surviving humans, otherwise known as The Resistance.  A few characters from the previous films are featured
 I'm guessing this is a contentious films for die-hard fans of the Terminator series and you'll either like it or loathe it. O.K., I'll admit from the start I am fan of the Terminator franchise and although I went to see this with some trepidation after T3, I have to say I came away pleasantly surprised. As a stand alone film (which may the best way to look at it) this is pretty good and as part of the overall series it develops the story well and has something to add to the previous films. It will never be as good as the first two films, but I'm glad to say it's better than T3. Bale is good as John Connor, if a little wooden at times, but the real surprise was Sam Worthington who has the best role in the film. The CGI effects are good, but not overbearing and McG's direction was ok, but a little too jerky for my tastes. You do get some cheesy lines in this film and plenty of nods to the previous films, but nothing too excessive and most produce a wry smile rather than outright groans. The main problem with this film is that you don't care about the characters that much. In the first films you wanted to know what happened next and considered the lives of the main characters, but in this film they are just faces on a screen delivering lines. It's sad but true and the main downfall of this film. If you go expecting your typical Hollywood action movie you'll be fine, just don't expect anything of great substance or anything as good as the first two films and you won't be disappointed. 3.5 stars  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 Don't get me wrong - this movie isn't terrible. Special effects are good, and the storyline is actually interesting and considerably more engaging than the one found in Terminator 3.  But it feels like they're just in it for the money. John Connor meets his (teenaged) father in this film (before Daddy time traveled to the past to help Sarah Connor) and while this was a interesting twist, I felt it was a rather unneccessary story to be told. The part with the cyborg/former prisoner was more interesting, though, and it gives Skynet some more dimensionality than in previous films.  All in all, a decent thriller like the third, just don't hold HIGH expectations and you'll probably enjoy it.
 This fourth installment of the Terminator franchise simply isn't as good as the original "Terminator or "Terminator 2".  But there are some interesting parts within the film, and some great action sequences.  The blu-ray itself has high-quality picture and sound.  There are two discs in this set.  One disc is the Theatrical Cut of the film.  This version also has the Warner Bros. Maximum Movie Mode feature (similar to the "Watchmen blu-ray), which allows viewers to watch the film with commentary by the director.  There is also picture-in-picture features and a pop-up timeline.  Also, there are several branching "focus points", which allow you to pause the film and jump to a short featurette on some aspect of the film's production.  The problem is that there is too much waiting time in between pop-up segments.  You are often left waiting one or two minutes between each interactive feature, leaving you just watching the film.  A lot more information could have been put into the Maximum Movie Mode.  Another disappointment is the second disc, or the "Director's Cut", which only features an additional 3 minutes of footage.  The changes made are barely noticeable, and don't add anything more to the story.  And just so you know, this set does not include the DVD version nor does it have a digital copy.  Overall
 Terminator Salvation is the weakest of all the Terminator films, with one exception
 In regards to DVD Extra's, you have to buy the 2-Disc Edition at Target. It has the same extra's as the blu-ray edition. So if you don't have a blu-ray player, go to target and get the movie there.
 I read a number of the reviews about this movie [especially the 1 star ratings] before I rented it.  It was not the train wreck that I was expecting.  The introduction of different types of terminators was a nice concept.  Up to the point, the only terminators we knew of there the T-800, T-1000 and the other in Terminator 3.  All of them were humanoid.  The movie introduces some that are far different. The story holds true to some of the previous movies such as Katherine Brewster is John Connor's wife (and pregnant).  The planet does not look nearly as devastated after the nuclear war as it did in previous movies.  It seems a LOT of the military survived the war.  *** SPOILER  *** In the previous movies, John Connor was being protected by everybody.  This time around, it is Kyle Reese who has to be guarded to protect the time line.  The introduction of the Marcus character was not particularly cared for by me.  It seemed to be an add-on to the main "save Kyle Reese story line.  Helena Bonham Carter is interesting as Skynet but had a "I, Robot feel to it.  I was also disappointed the that time travel aspect was left out of this movie.  I wanted to see how the resistance was going to seize the time travel equipment and send back Kyle.  The digitalization of Arnold's face on the T-800 was cheesy looking but was appreciated by me since I saw Terminator back in 1984.  It is worth watching.  However, I am not sure that I will add it to my DVD collection or not.  The jury is till out for the moment.
 3 stars because I like the movie, but the Director's Cut is as the others have stated. Maybe 3 - 5 minutes of some added scenes but not enough to make it a movie changer. Personally I think they could've kept it at a PG-13 rating...
 Spoilers!  I was having a pretty good time with this movie.  The special effects were solid, the storyline fairly cohesive and Sam Worthington's performance was strong.  I fully expected Marcus to not survive the movie, but when they arrived back at the rebel camp I had was pleasantly surprised he survived the fight at Skynet.  Then the massive, huge let down with him volunteering his heart to save John Connor.  The really irritating part is John nodding to him like "Good show old chap, I'll make good use of it".  Marcus had every bit as much right to "life as it were and was the most compelling character in the film (much more so than Connor/Bale).  He would have made an excellent torch bearer to carry on the fight and could have breathed new life into the series.  As it is we get a stupid ending with Bale set for another sequel.  For those saying it would ruin any congruity between Salvation and previous films, Connor already stated his mother's recordings make no mention of such a "terminator - it could be explained as the time line unexpectedly shifting (just as it would have if Kyle had been killed).  John Connor should have died, Marcus should have lived.  The last minute re-write (from what I heard) spoiled this film for me.
 I gotta give this movie and actors, writers, director props. It's not a great film by any means. I just watched it for the 1st time since it came out and thoroughly enjoyed it. I hated it when I saw it in the theaters and never bothered to watch it again until now. 1 and 2 are so good it is hard to accept anything less, but I suppose I finally could see it as a stand alone (like Terminator comics and games) and it is pretty *beep* good. Still dumb *beep* like T-800 throwing Jon around when he should be snapping his neck, but hey it isn't perfect by any stretch. I like that you can take or leave the 3rd one since it doesn't follow it directly.  This one doesn't suffer from the *beep* camp in that movie and thank god it is not another car chase/remake. If you want a Future War film, this is it, warts and all. Plot is actually really good, with some good twists and mystery. One thing I appreciated more this time was how the villain, refreshingly enough, is Skynet itself this time and will operate much differently than a human army or one cyborg sent back in time with a simple mission. Sort of hard to follow as far as what Skynet knows and doesn't know, but that puts us in a similar position as the humans in the movie.  It's too bad this didn't do better b/c I'd like more (hopefully T5 and 6 by William Wisher happens!). If people can see this as something new (FINALLY breaking away from Arnold and the chase plots; very, very glad to hear to dropped out of T5--in favor of Fast and Furious? Lol) it may finally develop into the prequel/sequel series (time travel screws with its place in the series lol) that it has the potential to be. With William Wisher involved it just may. More please!
 Regardless of whether you get the Director's Cut or have to settle for the Theatrical version of Terminator Salvation, you're in for an average movie viewing experience at best. I was certainly entertained. I love the Terminator movies...especially T1 and T2. I know a lot folks hated T3; I for one did not hate T3. T3 was not up to par with 1 & 2, but it wasn't as awful as all the pile-ons make it sound. No, I think that Terminator Salvation and T3 are equally average...in their own unique ways.  And I'll tell ya, it was hard watching Salvation and not thinking about that tirade that Christian Bale went on during the filming of this movie? Have you heard that? Oh my God, what a chump. Sam Worthington stole this movie from Bale. And you've got to give props to Anton Yelchin as a young Kyle Reese too; Yelchin almost made me think he was really a young Michael Biehn (the guy who played Reese in the original <a href="http
 It's more than 25 years since Arnold Schwarzenegger first uttered the words "I'll be back in Terminator (1984) and in that time there have been three further instalments about the rise of the machines under Skynet and of the mother and her son (Sarah and John Connor) that would become pivotal to mankind's ultimate victory in the end. While the first three Terminator films dealt with time travel and Skynet's attempts to kill John Connor, McG's Terminator Salvation is set during the war that we have only previously had glimpses of.  Terminator Salvation begins in 2003 where Dr Serena Kogan (Helena Bonham Carter) convinces a Death Row inmate Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington) to donate his body to science. Wright duly obliges and after being given a lethal injection his remains are at the mercy of Dr Kogan. The devastating Judgement Day occurs the following year in 2004 when Skynet is activated and perceives mankind as a threat, opting to wage a horrific war on the world. Our focus quickly switches to 2018 where John Connor (Christian Bale) is part of the Resistance against the machines but is not yet the leader we are familiar with from the prophetic visions in the other films. Connor is revered by many as a future saviour and treated with utmost respect while others question the validity of these claims. Connor's problems in the war mount when the Resistance learns that Skynet are planning to assassinate specific members of the Resistance within a week. While Connor is second on the list, another Resistance member, Kyle Reece (Anton Yelchin) is the primary target, being the one later chosen to go back in time to protect Sarah Connor in the 1980s but also to become John Connor's father during that mission. Meanwhile Marcus Wright emerges in 2018 and begins searching for Dr Kogan but along the way he meets Kyle Reece and they join forces. Following Reece's capture by Skynet, Wright heads for a meeting with John Connor to enlist the help of the Resistance in a daring rescue mission. Connor, eager to prevent Reece's death and therefore his own, also volunteers to test a new radio frequency the Resistance believes can shutdown Skynet and its machines and lead to the end of the war.  As with the other Terminator films there is potentially the path to some head scratching as the protagonists look to ensure not only John Connor's survival but more importantly that of Kyle Reece. It was interesting having John Connor as just another member of the Resistance and during the film he has the chance to demonstrate his potential as a leader. Connor is somewhat stubborn, abhorrent of the authority and orders of the Resistance leaders whose scepticism of him as mankind's saviour mean they are happy to forsake Kyle Reece once he's been captured by Skynet, despite Connor's pleas. In the end victory is all that matters, but with Connor having been through encounters with terminators prior to Judgement Day he knows how crucial both he and Kyle are. In an interesting twist Kyle is a young rookie in Terminator Salvation, already adept in combat but not yet the battle-hardened soldier he was in Terminator.  This is the first time we have been fully immersed into the war between mankind and the machines and inevitably it's effects galore throughout. Only released in 2009 I somehow expected some of these effects to be better and I felt there was too much emphasis on them to carry the film. I can't blame McG too much for this. Terminator 2
 Where to begin? My friend Gerhard Knapp loves this disc (see his review).Usually we see eye to eye. In this case, I'm afraid we'll have to agree to disagree! I've listened to it several times, but I can't warm to it.  Let me say that my own preference for Beethoven is big-band sumptuous sound. I like the Thielemann/Vienna Phil. set. I'm not fond of the scratchy, honky sounds that emanate from these "original instruments". Sir Thomas Beecham once famously pronounced that they sounded like cats copulating on a tin roof. I wouldn't go that far, but I do think you have to play the music swiftly if you're going to minimize the unprettiness of these old instruments. Jurowski plays these symphonies way too slowly, especially the fast movements, so you get a lot of unusual, and for me, unwelcome noises coming through.  It is often said that this is how Beethoven heard his music. First of all, his deafness prevented him hearing much of anything, but I'm convinced that had he been able to appreciate today's much improved instruments and more skillful players, he would have much preferred this later sound.  If you like your Beethoven small, quick and lean, try to hear the Paavo Jarvi set with his Bremen orchestra on Sony DVD.His attack and phrasing are something to behold. Sadly not available from Amazon in the U.S.A,you can get it from "import cds in California, amongst other sources. These are as exciting as any you'll ever hear, and contain the "wickedest Beethoven #7 I've ever heard! Even a large orchestra guy like me can love this set!  So this Jurowski for me was disappointing, but others may like it better. My advice is get the Jarvi set. It really is remarkable.
 Nice Documentary/video. Great for it's time but lacking by today's standards. Many scenes are reversed in the movie. Major flaw from the editors. Easily seen as the charging handles for rifles and sub guns are on the wrong side. It was a simpler time, did anyone notice back then?
 SAVING GRACE (Dir. Robert M. Young, Writ. Richard Cramer after Celia Gittelson's novel, 1986, 112 minutes). OK, my review title is a cheap shot. Let me explain
 The product quality is fine. I purchased this move to compare with "The Fourth Kind". Very Interesting similarities.
 After watching, you ask yourself, did this really happen?  Frightening.  Christopher Walken is always worth watching.
 Communion (Special Collector's Edition) (1989) was a three star production in this reviewers opinion.  Both Christopher Walken and Lindsay Crouse were excellent, but little else is noteworthy. I will say that the film had several near moments, but always came up short of what could have been done.
 Is Strieber insane. Or is he making this crazy account up to sell books and inspire films? I'll have to say yes to the latter. However, don't let that dissuade you from a creepy film like Communion. Although, the plot is VERY disjointed there are very distubing scenes. Have you ever felt like an alien creature was creeping into your bedroom as you slept? Well, you will after seeing a scene that depicts exactly that. Memorably disturbing scenes of this nature give this otherwise uninteresting film a decent shelf life.
 I am a big Christopher Walken fan. I bought this movie along with The Dead Zone and I like him much better in that film than in this one. I 'do' like watching his "behaviour in this film though. In his movies Walken 'is' very unique with regard to his physical presence and in particular his speech mannerisms. This makes him potentially compelling even in the midst of playing a character who isn't very interesting or performing from a dreadfully written script. I 'did' read Whitley Streiber's book when it first came out back in the eighties and remember liking it very much. I am disappointed that the film version is not as interesting.
 Space Hunter, was for many years a movie I had on tape and would watch any time I was down with the flu. It was fun and Sci-Fi, and I always felt better when watching it. It had been many years since I had seen it, and last night I rented the download from Video on Demand at Amazon to my TiVo.  So here's the deal, it wasn't near as good as I remembered; the FX are a joke by today's standards. Flash light on the air bubbles for stars, etc. It is a cheese covered corn-dog of a film, still fun but not nutritious. But for those who are fans of Sci-Fi video games, I think this is still a fun ride, and really I think the script would be exactly translatable.  So if you are in the mood for a low budget `80s "B movie Sci-fi, this is just  the ticket, if you want great Sci-fi, keep looking.  2 * for nostalgia's sake.
 I remembered this as being a pretty good film or its genre when it first came out so I took a chance when I found it a good price. I wasn't disappointed, it is pretty silly but lots of fun if you take it for what it is pure science fiction with a second tier class of stars.  Molly Ringwald shows some of the talent that would make here such a success in her teen years.  It isn't Star Wars but it is fun.
 It was basic, but the acting will pass. It still reminds me of a sort of Mad Max type film. Pure 1980's look and feel to it. It's worth renting and watching once if you are a Scifi fan.
 Kind of like "Mad Max in space. A sci-fi B movie but I find it entertaining. (But then I like Sci Fi B movies)
 This was a good program, although I had hoped for more detailed content. Some segments are really interesting... others more mundane and have been done better on other DVDs.
 I was very glad this movie didn't end up being a silly romance and break the couple up just to rekindle an old relationship! A good watch for a dull Saturday afternoon.
 Julia Roberts is an acerbic restaurant critic with just a few days to sabotage a boyfriend's wedding so she can grab the guy for herself.  Flying to Chicago for the wedding, and keeping her agenda secret from all but her real best friend, Rupert Everett, she meets Kim (Cameron Diaz), her apparent rival.  Impeccably sweet, pretty and noble, Kim latches onto Roberts' character clueless as to every plot thrown her way.  Without an ounce of guile, and completely by accident, Kim manages to unwittingly outwit each scheme Roberts throws her way, forcing the critic to resort to ever crueler (and actually uninventive) plans.  Dermot Mulroney plays the guy they fight over, though he seems too cold a guy to have ever fallen for Diaz's seemingly bottomless sunniness.  Rupert Everett practically steals the movie as the only person Roberts is honest to...about anything.  The humor doesn't depend so much on jokes as it does on Roberts' charachter confronting, if not at war with, the sweetness being bombarded on her from everybody in the wedding party.  Still worth an evening of fun.
 The opening credits ("Wishin' and Hopin'") and Rupert Everett are the only reasons to watch this movie. Everett not only looks good but is sympathetic and witty. The only word for the other male star is "dumb. He looks dumb, he sounds dumb, he acts dumb.  There's a truly awful scene in which Cameron Diaz does a karaoke rendition of "I Say a Little Prayer for You, humiliating herself and everyone else except her dumb fiance, who thinks she's adorable. Why Julia Roberts would have had the slightest interest in this guy is a mystery that is never solved.
 The best things one could say about this breeze-light romantic 'comedy' (ahem) are that it does not make any pretense of being what is clearly isn't (it's simply a J.Roberts vehicle and behaves like one) or that it probably ranks high on the Top Date-Movies list.  Other than that, it's the hackneyed chickflick refrain -- she loves him, must get him, must break marriage, jealousy, hate, forgiveness, yada, and then some yada. There are moments so screwball they feel contrived and insipid.  Rupert Everett is perhaps the one and only saviour who infuses life into the sap, but in the end he has less than a pivotal role. Not even random bursts of music (Diaz in a karaoke; or a huffed chorus of teenage boys getting high; or Rupert Everett breaking into a tune) can save the movie from being a trudge of girlie gook.  Unless of course you enjoy films like Notting Hill or Wedding Planner, in which case this may be right up your alley.
 Dont get me wrong.This isnt a bad film.its not a excellent one either. Julia roberts came across as pathetic,and a little unlikeable,as she tried to steal her best friend from his marriage to kimmy(cameron diaz).there are quite a few good scenes in this film.The restaraunt scene is very enjoyable,where the whole table erupts with singing. it is a very bitty film in my opinion,all over the place. dont expect a typical romance,because you will be sorely dissapointed.
 My Best Friend's wedding (1997) is just heart breaking. Do not watch this movie if you want someone you cannot have or just broke up. It is depressing. From the beginning Jules (Julia Roberts) explains how much of a heartbreaker she is. She had dated and left many men. She is independent and career focused. Earlier in college, she turned down her best friend/boyfriend when he wanted their relationship to get serious. Now, twenty-eight, she reflects on the relationship they had. She decides to get in contact with Michael. She expected him to wait for her until she decides she is ready for marriage since he had loved her so much. Basically Jules is the type who is scared of commitment and becomes restless. Then she realizes that Michael was perfect compared to other men. She says she always wanted him, but does not take action until she learns he is about to get married to the annoyingly perfect Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Apparently Jules had problems with public affection and sentimental values. It was hard for her to admit she was in love. Quite frankly I find the relationship with Michael and Jules weird. They decided to stay best friends forever. I think it takes a lot of respect to keep that sort of relationship going. Usually couples loose that when they split. Jules' gay best friend comes to help. "He was in love with me every day for nine years ", Jules tells him.  "Do you love him or is this just about winning George replies. It was tough figuring this out. The hilarious part for me, the comedy part, finally was when George had to pretend he was not gay. George is hilarious. I love how classy and elegant he is. I love the scenes where he tries his best to embarrass Jules. I enjoyed his performances the best out of the whole movie.  The fight scene at the baseball field between Kimmy and Jules was entertaining, but I would have like to see more physical fighting. The film is fairly done. My Best Friend's wedding covers deep issues and I found it quaint. The wardrobe and cell phones were great.  I love movies from the 90s for that.
 I normally don't do the romantic comedy thing. And I am not a fan of Julia Roberts. But this film wasn't all that bad. It has a good pace and did keep my interest for most of it. It doesn't follow the normal 'formula', if you will, of the typical romantic comedy movie and sort of leaves you guessing. The acting is good, I could even stand Julia Roberts. Cameron Diaz and Rupert Everett have great supporting roles and are both a blast to watch in this.  All in all, a decent comedy with a few good moments and not as predictable as most.
 Movie was cute and I only bought it because I'm a HUGE Dermot Mulroney fan.  I didn't like this as much as the Wedding Date.
 This film has become a classic in the contempory girl orientated romantic comedy genre we know as the chick flick. I watched it again, for the first time in ages, recently and I genuinley can't remember many movies of its kind that show such honesty. Julia Roberts is brilliant, and I loved seeing her in a character that wasn't oozing charm and lovliness, and whose opinions weren't always correct. Cameron Diaz was breaking slowly into Hollywood around this time, and this film was a clear example of just why she is so succesful. Maybe I'm being a little harsh only rating it as a 3, but to be honest it isn't one of my favourite ever films. However, it is a film that pleases you with its deserved ending and will always be a well known girlie movie.
 Julia Robert's character, Julianne, sums up the entire movie in one line near the end; 'Since I got here, I have done nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things.'  That's not to say that there are not some very funny moments in this movie, most of which are musical.  The opening credits are a brilliant rendition of "Wishin' and a Hopin', the karaoke bar scene where a young, scene-stealing Cameron Diaz puts everything into an off-key, "Don't know what to do with myself", the restaurant scene with a wonderful ensemble "Say a Little Prayer.  Heck, even the helium-balloon singing is funny.  But overall the movie consists of watching as Julia Robert's character does 'nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things', before the obvious redemption at the end.
 He absolutely steals the movie away from under Julia's feet in this! He's outstanding as Julia's best friend. Although he's a clich&eacute; (the elegant, intelligent, witty and cultivated gay man), he emerges as a real person and has some of the best lines and definitely the best scene in the restaurant, where they all sing "I say a little prayer for you". (I can watch this scene over and over and not get fed up!) The music is another plus in the movie, really carefully chosen not just to support the scene but take an active part in the story.  There's not much to hate about this movie. It's one of those very cheery movies, that instantly put a smile on your face. However I HATE the opening credits (as one reviewer before me said, if you hate the opening credits, you'll hate the movie - not true) and I hate Cameron Diaz in this. Hate the hair, hate the look, hate the character, hate the fact she's such a pushover. I also hate the fact you see Julia smoking in this movie, I would have thought she had loads more sense than that, lets hope she's given up for the sake of her unborn twins.  The pacing is great with hardly a slowdown in the entire movie. Those times the movie does lessen the pace for a moment are to showcase a tender moment between Julia & Dermot Mulroney. A particularly bittersweet scene is when Julia & Dermot's characters share an afternoon taking a cruise through Chicago's downtown river. They share a song, a hug and look into each other's eyes and we as the audience wait to see if they profess their true love for each other, but the moment passes as they pass under a bridge and into the shadows and we realize that moments are fleeting and love can be fickle.  Some of the extras on this are pretty inventive for once, when it claims across the cover it's a special edition. Sometimes those can be a total let down. The extras include
 OK, so the restaurant scene where everyone breaks out singing  I Say A Little Prayer  is cute.  But this is NOT the strikingly original comedy it's touted to be.  I mean, it ends with a chase scene for crying out loud (and who but Julia Roberts would not be facing grand theft auto--or grand theft bread van--charges after such a stunt).  From the director of the delightfully off-beat  Muriel's Wedding,  I expected more.  Well, it is possible to do weddings to death and maybe that much can be said of P.J. Hogan's directorial efforts. The attractive cast and the occasional chuckle make  My Best Friend's Wedding  worth seeing--once!  Unless you're a die-hard Julia Roberts or Cameron Diaz fan, it's hard to imagine wanting to own a copy.
 The Bottom Line
 I don't mean the "good old days",  in the sense of films with somebody in a rubber monster suit, which is what this is like, but I mean, the good old days when Dark Sky Films actually put out reissues of obscure & forgotten films that were fantastic.  The good old days before they took the low road like Anchor Bay and started releasing mediocre stuff that was Syfy quality or worse.  Hypothermia is yet another mediocre offering in a long long list of mediocre offerings.  Family goes ice fishing, meet up with obnoxious self-made man & son who arrive to do the same but have way more "stuff", most all meet with early demises due to presence of rubber suit monster who was never any problem before this year.  Hmm.  Wonder why?  Anyway, I can't say this is the worst film I've ever seen, because there are plenty of things worse than this, but don't consider that an endorsement of the quality of this film.  At 73 minutes it's a tolerable time-waster but nothing more.  And the ending?  Hmm, yeah, a great idea for when one has run out of ideas, I guess, but it didn't do it for me.  C-
 I went into this with some hesitation after reading the write ups as there seemed to be a bit of cultural polarization between the loved it- hated it groups. After seeing it for myself I think that this version of the great epic is a starting point that can be useful for beginners in their desire to find out more about this and other sacred texts from India and the East. I was thrilled by some aspects of this as it clarified a few points for me, but also disappointed with the extreme condensation of several of the salient points. Especially the pre-battle discussion between Arjuna and Krishna, which I had hoped would be more detailed than what was given. I understand that within the limitations of the single movie only so much can be covered. I do hope that some one undertakes a detailed documentary or miniseries to visualize this for those of us who lack the Hindi language skills. But still, I think this may serve well the purpose of introducing dedicated beginners in their desire to learn more about this amazing work.
 Poor quality VHS.  Topic is superb, acting was excellent and the overall production was terrific.  Just the quality of the video wasn't up to my expectations.
 Peter Brook omitted very important parts of the story. As children, the Kauravas plotted to kill the Pandavas, by luring them into a lac house and burning it down.  The Pandavas and their mother escaped and wandered in the forest for many years.  Before this occurred, Duryodhan poisoned Bhima and threw him into the sea, where Bhima was rescued by underwater creatures.  The Kauravas were treacherous, and this has not been pointed out by Peter Brook. Showing these events could have taken perhaps another ten minutes of screen time. This is a distorted story. S.K. Madireddi
 My daughter (7.5) wasn't all impressed by this .. she didnt find it as enertaining or fun as other Barbie movies especially her favourite "charm school ..
 <a href="http
 My daughter loves the Barbie DVD's, this one included, but I definitely think it's aimed towards an older audience than my 4 year old daughter.  That being said, she still highly enjoyed it (I think mostly because of the music) and it was worth every penny to see the smile on her face when she watched it.  I was disappointed by the graphics on it though.  The other Barbie movies appear to be made better than this one as far as the graphics go.
 shows those avid barbie fans that growing up is sometimes hard but that things work out when you believe in yourself
 I'm a teenager and I love Barbie movies! I also collect Barbies. I think that all of the previous, fantasy-like Barbie Movies are very nice. When i first heard the idea of this movie, I really didn't like the sound of the fact that it was going to have Barbie in school. I liked the storyline, and fantasy of the rest of the movies. It sort of makes little kids think the wrong things about high school; its all about liking boys, and you don't have to do school work, and you don't have to work hard.
 Walter Hill's Broken Trail is a good but at times a little too leisurely Western miniseries following Robert Duvall and his nephew Thomas Haden Church as they try to drive a herd of horses across country only to become sidetracked when they find themselves the unlikely guardians of five Chinese girls being shipped to a brothel - and the target of some bad men determined to relieve them of both...  It's curious how Robert Duvall, and actor who came to prominence playing a mob lawyer who deposited horses heads in peoples' beds, has evolved into the kind of archetypal Western figure of unquestioned decency you'd be happy to trust your life to - even more so when you remember he tried to kill John Wayne in True Grit! If he shoots someone seemingly out of the blue, you know it's someone who needs shooting (although much of the action takes place offscreen) such is his moral stature. By contrast, Church seems uncomfortable and out of place - he does well enough, but they never strike the sparks that made Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones' relationship in Lonesome Dove so memorable and affecting. And Lonesome Dove does unfortunately cast a giant shadow over this
 I don't want to knock any Western that's made these days, because there are far too few of them, but as far as Westerns go, this movie is only good. While this is a rather lukewarm endorsement, it is because I believe that the movie could have been much better (though I wish I could give a 3.5-star rating, since I believe 4 stars is too high but 3 stars is a bit low). Too often the movie plods along rather aimlessly and there are too many 21st-century "I'm o.k., you're o.k. sensibilities in those slow parts. I enjoy character development in movies, even in Westerns, but much of what passes as such here is of the manipulative, 'tug at your heartstrings' style rather than true character development.  The storyline of the Chinese women, who have been sold into prostitution, is one that hasn't been explored before, and it makes the movie interesting. Also, the fact that the women spoke Chinese (there are English subtitles) lends great authenticity to the film. However, in the end, this storyline is not much different from the well-known Western formula of 'good' cowboys rescuing innocents from the 'bad guys'. One thing that puzzled me was that once Prent Ritter (Robert Duvall) and Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) found a Chinese man who could serve as a translator for them, they didn't seem to use him to communicate beyond the first day on which they encountered him; he tags along without serving much of a purpose except to give us one of the many aforementioned 'tug at your heartstrings' life stories. Other than serving as a potential love interest for Prent, the Nola Johns (Greta Scacchi) character doesn't add much to the movie either except, you guessed it, to contribute yet another melodramatic tale of hardship on the frontier.  Still, there are a lot of good elements to be found in this Western. In the 'making-of' featurette, Duvall says that he sees this film as the third in a trilogy that also consists of "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range", and he does make a great cowboy (although his Prent Ritter character here sometimes acts like he might be a bit 'touched in the head'). Thomas Haden Church is a revelation as Tom Harte - he has learned a lot about playing a cowboy since his role as Billy Clanton in "Tombstone". He has mastered the art of hardness and stoicism here, while still being the one character in the movie who is truly emotionally vulnerable (as opposed to the bathos that we get from all of the other characters). Haden Church is excellent throughout the movie, and he deservedly gets the lion's share of the action sequences in the film as well.  The scenery in the movie is absolutely gorgeous as Alberta, Canada once again stands in for Wyoming in a Western. The problem with the beautiful scenery is that it, unfortunately, contributes to many of the slow scenes in the movie. I think the filmmakers must have spent considerable time oohing and aahing over the beautiful location shots in recent Westerns like "Open Range", "Monte Walsh", and "Crossfire Trail". The latter two movies were also made-for-cable, and I suspect that AMC may have been trying too hard to emulate cable rival TNT's success with those two Westerns. Again, I enjoy the scenery, but sometimes this movie feels like a travelogue without narration rather than a Western; the other movies I mentioned managed to strike just the right balance between scenery, character development, and action (although "Open Range also had some of what I'd call 21st-century 'counseling' scenes, they didn't seem quite as contrived as the ones in "Broken Trail").  I'll take "Broken Trail over a Westernless movie landscape any day, but I can't rank it up there with the best of the best. The dearth of Westerns in our day makes some people want to call each one that is filmed an instant classic. This movie is enjoyable enough, but when it's over, you'll probably wish you'd only had to spend two hours, rather than three, watching it (the movie is 'only' 184 minutes long, not 240). More judicious editing might have resulted in the movie being a true classic.
 the usual solid robert duvall performance in lonesome dove mode but still worth veiwing.my wife usually not a western fan  enjoyed the film
 This movie takes place when the west was no longer as open as it had been or the Indians as wild. The plight of Chinese women sold into slavery is just as bad today as it was then? The filming and acting is great, but this version is kind of slow as westerns go. I liked it and enjoyed the history of the drive of horses across open country. The bad guys are really bad and the good ones are just kinda nice...
 While I enjoyed the movie overall, I felt that it contained many negatives which took away from the overall enjoyment. The DVD is not rated but should be a Mature or an R for nudity and language. What I hoped to be another great western for the family to enjoy turned into an "OMG get the kids out of here from the time I hit play. It felt like they were trying to stretch out the movie by injecting subplots and majestic scenes instead of building on the main plot Way to much foul language
 An interesting western but filled with nudity and actions that bring the quality  of he movie down. The acting was less than smooth.  Two cowboys save five chinese girls and have to take them cross country with them on their cattle drive.  I can't recommend this movie to any one.
 Robert Duvall considered Broken Trail to form the third part of a trilogy starting with Lonesome Dove and continuing through Open Range. When I read that, I got down on my mental knees and said a novena for AMC who produced this movie for cable. Duvall has been a presence in movies since Boo Radley in To Kill A Mockingbird, opposite John Wayne in True Grit and consiglere to The Godfather but his role in Lonesome Dove was the epitome of an actor and a man in a role for all times. His character was one that reminded you of the best qualities of old friends and the independent spirit that lives within us, however shackled by circumstance and commitments we may be.    So when Mr. Duvall speaks Trilogy in conjunction with Lonesome Dove, you listen...and watch.    He produced this movie and had a hard time shopping the script to studios. It was written more character driven and the studio suits suggested less character and more bullets driven into cowboys.Thankfully, AMC let the whole 240 minutes play out as it was written. There is enough time for appreciating the gradual changes that occur in the characters as they react to the unusual circumstances that bring them together. And those that don't adapt or evolve tend to die- by suicide or violent means-yet this isn't one of those movies about the passing of The Old West.    Overall, this is a terrific film that jumps more than a few boundaries of traditional westerns. And is ultimately about the spirit of the West and the East - about the spirit.
 Ok I just have to say this.  My and my friend,  we watched this movie with the sound off.  And you know what?  It was still very enjoyable.  This movie is all about the art.  The story is merely an excuse to have a dark,  very badass anti-hero walk around acting like a badass in a visually interesting and pleasing environment.  I didn't know until after I rented this movie that it only comes dubbed in English,  and it really threw me off.  I HATE dudding... which is why I had the sound off.  The dubbing on this is about as good as can be expected,  although of lesser quality than Princess MOnonoke or Akira.  The dialogue is terrible and a bit confusing at times,  and the plot... well the plot is basic and not terribly important.  Rent this movie if you want to look at something pretty and nicely animated.
 This is an ok sequel. I wasn't all that impressed with the story line, and the action sequences left a lot to be desired. It also felt like it lacked some of the grit of the original. This just feels like a watered down let's ride the coattails of the original and see who we can get to buy it. That being said it's still better than a lot of the junk out these days and it was watchable.
 I actually had to order this movie overseas from one of the Asian market stores so I could get a subbed audio version rather then this awful atrocious dubbed version we're forced to hear.  The animation is incredible and the overall story fits with the movie just like the first movie, but if you're expecting more new age fight scenes like with Trinity Blood or Hellsing you're going to be disappointed then.  Again though I'd advise trying to get the subbed version of this movie as the terrible acting and awful timing of the dialogue just makes you wince sadly this happens primarily with the main cast characters which really hurts the enjoyment value of the movie even more(Comes as no surprise we haven't heard any of the actors/actresses on anymore anime movies or series luckily).
 Goth purists may balk at the liberties taken with vampire lore in "VAMPIRE HUNTER D - BLOODLUST, but anime afficianados will delight in the bold design and extreme action sequences in this bloody prequel of sorts to the certified cult hit "Vampire Hunter D from 1985. Director Yoshiaki Kawajiri works from a series of fantasy novels by Hideyuki Kikuchi.  The story's set in the distant future.  D, the offspring of a mortal and a vampire has dedicated is life to exterminating vampires.  He's a loner and an outcast shunned by human (because of his tainted blood) and hated by vampires.  He's tracking Charlotte, who's been abducted by vampire Mier Link.  Others on the trail are the bounty hunting Markus brothers and hard-boiled Leila. An extended chase takes them all to Carmila the Bloody Countess's castle for a climax that's nebulous. Either it's a set up for a true sequel or the screenplay needed one more pass.   The computer assisted animation sequences are in sharp contrast to the hand-drawn scenes.  The English voice talents are better than most anime dubbed for the U.S.  The bloody action is in keeping with the consequences of swordplay of a vampire hunter extraordinaire.
 I loved the first "Vampire Hunter D.  I'm not a fan of the anime genre, but that movie stood as a good movie on its own merits.  The hero was noble.  The damsel was capable of kicking some mutant tush.  And the villain was undeniably EVIL. Most of what I loved about the first movie is missing from this one.  D doesn't seem as noble a character as he did before (though some virtue does shine through).  The damsel here is a lovesick puppy who is smitten with the vampire who kidnapped her.  And we don't really even know who the real villain is until the end of the movie.  Granted, this last point can make for a good plot, but there wasn't enough forshadowing to really make this work.  The villain isn't even mentioned until within the last half-hour of the film. The new voice that they got for his hand was a HORRIBLE CHOICE, by the way. The good points of the movie include the awesome musical score and the animation, which is mixed with good computer animation that almost makes some backgrounds look real.  I have heard that this movie was actually made in the U.S., making a literal subtitle translation unnecessary. In short, this is a okay movie, but the original is MUCH better.
 Aesthetically amazing. Very beautiful gothic-style art. Fairly good dubbing.  The storyline however, is not extremely boring, but definitely nowhere near anything interesting. In truth, I believe everyone who thinks this movie was more than decent would not have, had the movie been animated as averagely as the storyline itself. Eye candy truelly often blinds persons from recognition of true perfection. Just about everyone likes this movie though, so be like them all,  VHD 1 = superior
 I have to say that the graphics were extreme! I loved watching D's entrance! However, I am not so easy to please. I need a plot as well. Here I was disappointed. You can tell americans wrote this story. The plot was very weak and did not even come close to doing justice to 'Vampire Hunter D'. Hey, but the graphics were good...right?
 No Ninja Scroll.the Talking hand was anoying and never explained.  if your a junky go for it.  if you just getting into anime like me than get ninja scroll or ghost in the shell.  Feel free to contact me if you dissagree
 Fifteen years after the first movie, Vampire Hunter D
 Before I review this edition of "Tarzan's Savage Fury", let me give you all the negatives; the Warner Archive Collection at the WB site sells this title for nearly $6 less than Amazon; there are no special features, subtitles, nor even a scene index; the encrypting process prevents this DVD from playing on any DVD player with recording capabilities (which means you probably won't be able to play this on your PC).  By the release of Lex Barker's fourth film as 'Tarzan', audiences had accepted the boyishly handsome actor in the role, despite reduced budgets and overused stock footage. Producer Sol Lesser offered 'gimmicks' to draw in audiences, and this film had a doozy...a young, orphaned white boy (Tommy Carlton), being used as 'bait' to capture alligators, is rescued by Tarzan, and (for this film, at least), serves as his young ward (the first time such a character had been seen since Johnny Sheffield's 'Boy', during the Johnny Weismuller years). Carlton is cute, if not as feisty and athletic as Sheffield, and the Barker/Carlton scenes capture some of the flavor of the 'Classic' Tarzan films.  The plot is routine, although it is a pleasure to see Edgar Rice Burroughs' conception of Tarzan as "Lord Greystoke referred to. His cousin is murdered, on safari, and substituted by a dissolute Englishman ("The Adventures of Robin Hood's Patric Knowles), in a Communist plot to steal diamonds (this being filmed at the height of the Cold War). While Tarzan is suspicious (Charles Korvin, as the Soviet agent, is obviously untrustworthy!), he is persuaded by Jane (beautiful ex-model Dorothy Hart, in her only appearance in the series), to take the pair to a tribe with an abundance of diamonds ("to save England"). Tarzan is incapacitated and left for dead by Korvin, Knowles repents, Jane is marked for execution by the tribe for the missing diamonds, and Carlton and Cheeta must rescue Tarzan so he can save the day!  Very short (at only 81 minutes), and action-packed, "Tarzan's Savage Fury is certainly not in a league with earlier 'Tarzan' entries, but is diverting, and offers an interesting view at the 'Red Scare' of the 1950s. Definitely worth a look!
 This film does more than scratch the surface regarding the band The Doors. However, it is far from comprehensive. The fact that some fiction was applied to the film was a bit disappointing. The heavy focus on Jim Morrison caused the other band members to be distant. It is essential viewing for any true Doors fan, but I have found books on this subject to be more informative. The film is reasonably entertaining, and the special edition interviews are good viewing.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 The Doors. I don't very much understand this movie. Not for the story but I am unsure where Oliver Stone was coming from with this take on the life and death of Jim Morrison. Did Stone have an axe to grind? It seemed that way. I have read several books and watched footage of him as well as interviews with those closest to him. Yes, Morrison did have issues with alcohol that at times rendered him ( I am sure) unbearable and obnoxious but it seems this is all we ever see. The character is very one dimensional. Val Kilmer has the look and feel of Morrison down pat. Unfortunately, he had to follow Stone's portrayal which is where the problem is. There was another side that Stone neglects entirely. Morrison in interviews tended to be very soft spoken, shy. We never see this side as it is thrown aside to have the arrogant Morrison 24/7 stoned and /or drunk staggering around spouting lines from songs that were still unwritten and at times written by other band members. Morrison was a talented poet and troubled person with his own demons; however we never get to see this in favor of flamboyant and at times inaccurate depictions. There are some pros to this movie. Some of the cinematography is beautiful, and Kilmer did a great job of sounding like the real Jim Morrison. The music and the feel is pure 60's heaven. I would like to have been around then to see a glimpse. The movie has its' merits, but most will walk away for an utter dislike for Morrison which is based on a lot of falsehoods..
 This hasn't aged well since I first saw it in like 1997 in high school. Oliver Stone directs this power film starring Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, front man singer for rock group The Doors. The main thing here is the rock star excess of jim Morrison played well by Kilmer. The rest of the band takes a back sit in this cool chiller about Jim Morrison who rocked the late 60s and early 70s. The Doors' music is no longer shocking after living through the rise of black metal and the punk revival. I would recommend it to anyone, though a masterpiece it's not any more. I still enjoy Doors' music reissues on CD.
 is what this movie should have been titled.  Jim Morrison appears drunk and high in 99.9% of the scenes in this movie which I found dissapointing.  Val Kilmer does a GREAT job as the Doors frontman.  Maybe it's because I grew up in the late 70's, but I didn't really understand Oliver Stone's need to show us what it's like to be on acid and all the while reciting weirdo poetry like Morrison does in this movie...I mean, what's with the indians, snakes, etc? I would have prefered a straight story on the band, this movie is about Jim Morrison.  It's an interesting and different movie that's for sure.  The dvd menus are cool...like something from the 1960's.
 Jim Morrison was a self-indulgent hack of a songwriter, but he was a man with charisma to spare.  It sometimes amazes he that his shoddy mythologizing passes for poetic expression, but then I listen to his voice
 Everyone has covered their views of Jim Morrison in more detail and length then his actual time in the limelight at this point. The Doors film is one of legendary proportions, often portraying the excessive more so then the intellectual elements that occurred. With so much coverage on Jim, as so with almost every Doors related book and article we'd think the DOORS MOVIE would maybe shed some light off the lizard king?  No, this movie is strongly centric on Morrison. As a movie though it holds up, it's interesting and lengthy. As a portrayal it has hits and rapid fire misses. Trippy effects, surreal warmly euphoric moments, bizarre lighting it's all here.  Unlike other movies there is no main underlying problem anyone sets out to fix, after all it's meant to be somewhat real right? Stone has fudged the truth to make possibly quick a buck or add the missing elements needed for a hit (like it wouldn't have been already). Jim Morrison was a funny, passionate, at times other worldly guy. While that is shown in brief amounts through speeches, we see his other capable side amplified. The side capable of inciting crowds, dangling off buildings to incite more people, and drinking heavily to incite the people around him. He was also a very deep thinker with a supposed IQ of 149, we find ourselves missing wondering where the other 49 went in this film. He's portrayed a sociopath with a drinking problem more so then the poet we've come to know him as.  Aside from my little rant the movie is rather enjoyable. Good music is good music and the Doors had a wonderful catalog of music. A good movie is a good movie, it offers a colorful view on an era so hazily colored. When combined it works nicely, but the falsities are my underlying disapproval of anything greater then average toward this film. As a movie it holds its own, as a tribute to an amazing band it's a bit upsetting. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Quick run down
 "Pam joined him three years later . . . is on my copy of the 15 Year Anniversary Edition; the movie is the same as the Special Edition.  The packaging and menus are updated and look great. Substantially better than the special edition.  On to the 2 new features.  The Doors in L.A. - 20 minute feature; Robbie Krieger, John Densmore, (yaaay!), Jimmy Greenspoon, and Pamela Des Barres are the prominent interviews on camera here. Nothing earth shattering, but it's nice to see/hear John Densmore's abridged opinions.  The Jim Morrison Phenomena in Paris - it's interesting. You've got a handful of people who met JDM in Paris and hung out; they describe his mood and what he was (arguably) saying at the time. There's a French librarian who breaks down a lot of the parallels in the subtleties of the lyrics w/Greek literature. There's a somewhat annoying 20 something saying Jim was done with music and The Doors and blah, blah, blah that isn't substantiated w/anything. There is an interview w/Michelle Rudler, who is listed as "Coroner who says lots of things were done wrong in the documentation of Morrison's death. It's about 50 minutes.  All of the extras on the Special Edition are here as well.  So in conclusion, if you are looking to purchase The Doors movie on DVD, by Oliver Stone, this is the one to get. The movie is entertaining enough but, you know, it's fictional and not historically accurate enough to garner more than 3 stars from this reviewer.
 First, let me start off by saying that Val Kilmer's performance in this film is nothing short of genius.  He literally became Jim Morrison, almost to the point that I thought that Val was actually a mental patient who thought he WAS Jim Morrison.  There are many times during the film that I had to tell myself that it wasn't Jim that had come back from the dead.  Second, Oliver Stone is a brilliant director and he can make the viewer feel as if he has just stepped into a time machine and gone back to visit the 60's--that's how authentic the setting is in this movie. However, the problem that I sometimes have with Oliver Stone is that he has a tendancy to go a little to overboard in his films, and "The Doors is a perfect example of this.  We all know that Jim Morrison was a troubled soul, but, hey, let's face it--most of your artistic geniuses are, which what makes their work so incredible.  Stone, however, made Jim Morrison out to be some acid-draining Nazi that cared only about himself and had violent outbursts all the time.  In reality, though, if one does a little research, one finds out that Jim was only like that some of the time and not every second of his life.  This movie, I felt, failed to show more of the beautiful maverick poet/shaman that Jim, most of the time, really was. Also, I felt that the sex angle was overplayed a bit, as well.  Obviously Jim had slept with a number of women, and the women that weren't able to, most likely fantasized about being with Jim.  However, it was if this film made Jim out to be so horny that he would actually have sex with mannequins at the local department store.  In reality, when all is said and done, the only real saving grace of this film was Val Kilmer's outstanding performance as well as Stone's accurate re-creation of the trippin' sixties.
 This overlong biopic of Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer) is most interesting early on as it details the rise to fame of the Doors.  Soon, however, Morrison surrenders himself completely to drugs and the film spirals into a long series of repetitive scenes in which Morrison abuses himself and others.  The main reason to watch this film is Kilmer's incredible performance.  To impersonate a man whose look and sound are so well-known without descending into characature is a true acting achievement.  Unfortnately, writer-director Oliver Stone dotes on Morrison's sophomoric paens to death and self-centered spiritual explorations so minutely that he often comes across as an unquestioning syncophant.  The greatest narrative achievement of the film is showing how such a self-destructive person can maintain a career--at least for a while--through the efforts of those around him who feel that the talent he offers justifies the garbage they have to put up with.
 Even though this movie has been slated by critics and is considered one of Oliver Stone's turkeys, it certainly is not uneventful. I had the pleasure of first watching this film after taken over 100 dried psilocybin mushrooms and even though I would not do that again as quickly, I must say that this film was an excellent choice at the time. Basically the story is that there is none expect for the rise and fall of the music legend Jim Morrison. The film starts with his boyhood memories of an Indian car accident, his early film-school days (watch for the cameo of Oliver Stone as his film professor) and the formation of the band  - The Doors, which consists of the actors Kyle Maclachlan, Kevin Dillion and Frank Whaley. Val Kilmer IS Jim Morrison and is completely believable throughout the entire film. The plot revolves around his relationship with Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan) who battles for his love and attention as Morrison takes on a God like status in the world of sex, drugs and rock n' roll.  Stone decides to concentrate more on Morrison's descent into self-destruction and there are plenty of tragic gigs gone wrong along the way. The film is very mystical in parts but ends up saying very little. It is more about the ups and downs (mostly downs) of a big time rock n' roll star than anything else. Wonderful camerawork though and amazing lighting. The script is somewhat weak but there is still plenty of stuff that keeps this film moving forward. And yeah, it was better with the shrooms, in case you wanted to know. 4 to 5 stars with shrooms, 3 without.
 As in Oliver Stone's  Nixon  and  JFK , the director lards his rockumentary with large chunks of fiction.  It's not surprising that Doors keyboardist Ray Manzarek found this film so objectionable.  How would you feel if thousands of people were seeing a movie about you that was mostly untrue, and cast you in a bad light? Still, as long as you accept that this is a dramatization of how one person perceives the Doors and their music, this is an enjoyable film, made worthwhile especially by Val Kilmer's uncanny impersonation of Jim Morrison.  Stone's quasi-surrealistic approach evokes the time and place and seems particularly well suited to the inner world of Doors music. A major objection is the emphasis on Morrison as a drunken, obnoxious lout.  This side of Morrison is an easy target for a film maker, but it's hardly an accurate portrayal.  I strongly recommend The Doors Collection DVD, which will give you a glimpse of Morrison's sensitive side.  Also Manzarek's memoir  Light My Fire  will balance the picture for you. Although the listing here says that this is an anamorphic transfer, according to information on other web sites this is NOT ANAMORPHIC, but is the same transfer used in the previous DVD release (and the laserdisc).  It's nice to have the extras, but early reviews indicate that this is a particularly low quality transfer, and I'd prefer to hold out for a new anamorphic release.  (The first Doors audio CDs were of very poor quality and were quietly remastered and reissued about four years later; hopefully this film will get the DVD treatment it deserves.)
 The Doors  Some reviewers seem annoyed that the film is actually about Jim Morrison and not about The Doors.  And it's true.  The band seems like a canvas upon which Jim Morrison can sing, act out, drink, and otherwise remain perpetually painted at the forefront of this film.  Oliver Stone's camera is enamored with Val Kilmer's Jim Morrison.  And Kilmer's performance is quite exciting, indeed.  But I wonder why Stone lets Kilmer steal the entire movie.  Where are The Doors?  Where's the history of the band?  The movie suggests that The Doors revolve entirely around Morrison and that the stories of the other band members, while likely less crazy and sensational, are not at all interesting without Morrison's presence and influence.  I think the tragedy of Jim Morrison's life is that he actually believed that drugs, sex, and alcohol - mixed with a soul trapped by societal conventions - somehow opens the artist to the infinite beauty of the universe.  But really, it's pain that drives all good art.  Morrison writes, speaks, and sings of his poor relationship with his parents.  He sought the convention of a happy family by desensitizing himself rather than facing his fear of utter abandonment honestly and soberly.  It's this pain that makes Morrison somewhat sympathetic.  Despite his determination to live as an alcoholic drug addict, some pain seeped out, taking the forms of poetry, film, and music.  Perhaps psychoanalyzing Morrison is too easy, but we aren't given much else from Stone and Kilmer.  Whenever Morrison appears drunken and aggressive in front of the band, watch the faces of the band members.  They know exactly what's wrong with Morrison as they fight the futile battle of getting Morrison sober enough to sing another song.
 Calling this movie "The Doors is misleading. It would be more accurate to call it "Jim Morrison and Those Other Guys In the Band, since that is how it's presented.  It's always tempting to latch onto a rock legend in these rock biopics, and Oliver Stone clings like a limpet to the ghost of Jim Morrison. Acid-soaked scenery and mysticism are in every scene, but Stone seems content to wallow in the rock'n'roll debauchery rather than get into Morrison's head.  It opens with a voiceover of Jim Morrison's poetry, as we slowly fade into a stalled recording session. Then it flips back to 1949, as Morrison's family drives through the desert. The boy catches a glimpse of several Indians by the road -- and one of them dies as the family leaves.  Then it flips ahead to Morrison's (Val Kilmer) years at college -- he crashes a party for a pretty girl, makes arty films, acid-trips, and devotes himself to poetry. Then his pal Ray Manzarek (Kyle McLachlan) creates a rock band, with Morrison's poetry and voice as the centerpiece. Soon The Doors become a fixture in L.A. -- and then a famed band.  But as the Doors become more famous, Morrison increasingly loses himself in the messianic-Dionysian-rocker role that has been set out for him. He weds a witch-journalist (Katherine Quinlan) but loves his fey girlfriend Pamela (Meg Ryan). And when he outrages the authorities with the threat of public exposure, the spiral starts that will only lead to death.  Stone certainly knew how to evoke the golden ages of rock'n'roll. Lots of sex, kinetic concerts, and bizarre behavior where Morrison jumps up on platforms and screams, "I am the Lizard King! I can do anything! The whole movie just kind of sweeps you off your feet.  And Stone is quite brilliant with the direction. The movie is filmed like an acid trip -- shifting multicoloured skies, Indian ghosts, shadows on the sand, and eerie lighting. And it touches on other aspects of the late sixties -- the Factory, Nico, and the belief that something violent and beautiful was about to erupt.  Unfortunately, Stone seems so enamored of the atmosphere that he never quite gets around to making a biopic. The other Doors are relegated to a frame for Morrison's bizarre behavior, and after the first half hour, they basically fade away. And he gets too enamored of his own style with the Indian ghost, and the arty "dead man final scenes.  Val Kilmer does a shockingly good job with the languid, unpredictable energy of Morrison. He sings well too. Sadly, his performance is stuck in a one-note character -- Stone opts to potray him just as a random, sleazy, wild jerk, and we don't get a single insight into his thoughts. Sure, Morrison could be horrible. But this is Jim Morrison as rock cliche, not as a human being.  And sadly, none of the other actors get much chance to expand on their roles -- the other Doors actors, including MacLachlan, basically play slightly annoyed accessories, and Meg Ryan plays a sweet girl without many other dimensions. Although Crispin Glover has a tiny, memorable role as Andy Warhol.  "The Doors opens into a beautiful psychedelic movie, but Stone fails to give it a soul. It's a fun biopic full of the sixties atmosphere, but it never quite manages to be much more.
 Surely Jim Morrison's life wasn't as debauched as Oliver Stone presents it in THE DOORS (1991). The film plays like a rock music gang bang. OK, not exactly, but if Jimmy was THAT physically active wouldn't he have had a case of terminal johnson blisters?  Recently seeing this movie again reminded me of how handsome Val Kilmer was in his youth. Physically he makes a superb Morrison, can even sing like the man. Yes, the music is just great here and the actors playing the other members of the Doors work well in their roles.  Crispin Glover's Andy Warhol is also interesting (in a creepy sort of way), but this film is good only up to a point. The early story works best, and then you get to that vampire sequence, geez. And how about Meg Ryan's elevator surprise? If I saw what she encountered that night I'd be outta there on the next flight to San Berdoo. Yet Pamela Courson stuck around for more heartbreak, and more, and more, and...  Director Stone must have a message here. Surely it isn't
 I think The Doors are one of the greatest bands in rock history. I also think that no one else will ever possess the presence or talent that Jim Morrison did,especially with the way rock "music is going these days (I mean, Limp Bizkit was popular a few years ago, if that says anything about where rock is headed.) I'm not an Oliver Stone fan particularly. I've never seen JFK, and Natural Born Killers seems to have a sort of following behind it, but I honestly didn't see any redeeming qualities about that movie. So when I saw that Oliver Stone was the director of the movie about my favorite band, although I was excited to watch it, I truthfully wasn't expecting very much. I bought it before watching it and still own it. Although I've seen it many times, I'm still conflicted as to how I feel about it. It seems that the movie, although true to The Doors and how they got together and their rise to fame, did not do Jim justice at all. It had nothing to do with Val Kilmer, he was perfect as Jim, especially the live performance scenes; I've watched many Doors live performances and how Val embodied Jim in that respect was really amazing. I do think he over-did it sometimes-the pouty thing he did drove me nuts and the photo shoot scene made me laugh it was so cheesy. All in all though, I loved Val as Jim. Yet the movie seemed to show only one aspect of who Morrison was-on the road to excess, out of control, drunken, womanizing. Sure he's a rock star, but I would have loved to know more about who he REALLY was, because I feel the movie didn't delve into that. I'm positive there was much more to him than the drunken rock star (even if it was the truth, that's not all of who he was). Ray Manzarek said it best "It was not about Jim Morrison. It was about Jimbo Morrison, the drunk. God, where was the sensitive poet and the funny guy? The guy I knew was not on that screen. I give the movie three stars because aside from my criticisms of it, it's essentially a good movie by an okay director about an amazing band. Damn you Oliver Stone, why couldn't a better director with a better screenplay have done this movie, who knows what could have been.
 I am not a "diehard fan of The Doors, though I do appreciate their work.  I do believe that all the actors who play the band-members do a superb job... But my positive comments stop there.  The director, Oliver Stone, fills this movie with so many drug-induced hallucinations, you cannot tell if a scene is something that actually happened or if it's the work of Morrison's drugged-up imagination.  Now, I don't like your run-of-the-mill biopic, but this unconventional biopic wallows in self-indulgence to the point of absurdity.  Stone and the producers seem so determined to make this more of an "art film than an actual biopic, and, boy, does it back-fire.  Granted, every biopic is "Hollywood-ized", but this movie makes you wonder way too many times where the artistic license ends and the actual facts begin or vice-versa.  In short, this production showcases the leader of a rock-band - Jim Morrison - who is bent on self-destruction.  The same could be said about this movie.
 ...its still just a movie. and i dont feel this portrays Jim Morrison accuratly enuff or deep enuff. But it shows the side that most people percieve i think, and it isnt a bad movie, just should be watched in fun...if you really wanna know this band, get their albums, read jims poetry and maybe find a good biography book of him.   This movie has been critised on here for being more about Jim than about the rest of the band as a whole, but thats becouse again, its portraying the casual listeners perception of the band...they only like Jim Morrison, cuz he looks sexy and the music was cool....and those other guys just happened to be in the band....and the movie is conscious of this and theres scenes where people try to exploit Jim and tell him to lose the other guys. And even a photographer tells Jim that its all about him, that everyone just loves him, that hes the doors.  So its not like the movie is decieved and lieing to us, its just showing the more so the MYTH that was Morrison...not the man, who is far more interesting to me than the whats shown in this film.  This movie didnt ruin or spoil my outlook on the band or Jim Morrison. Ive grown up hearing and respecting the doors and know what very well done music theyve produced besides radio hits, so my appreciation isnt clouded by this little film.  I think its fun to watch. I dont know if i will ever watch it again, but it just makes me wanna delve into who Jim really was and into The Doors music even more, cuz i know they were far more than this mere movie, which still pays ok tribute to the band and the singer.  This movie still doesnt quench a thirst or curb my appetite for learning more about the Doors and Morrison, its more like a little appetiser, if anything.  I wouldnt watch this movie as if it were a documentary...it needs to be taken with a grain of salt. It doesnt possiably sum up what the Doors were as a band, or who Jim was , as a man.  Again...it has fun portraying the MYTH.... not the man, or should i say, men. Cuz all the guys in the band made this movie possiable. Jim alone, wouldnt of amounted to anything i dont think, without the other gifted musicians he was privied to have met.   I like how ya get to see Jim first starting out, and meeting his future girlfriend Pam and his future band mates.... its nothing all that deep, how it unfolds, but its kinda interesting.  Its more so a movie for casual listeners of the Doors, or for fans that just wanna take a pretend look out how it might of been in the life of Jim and the other Doors members, just to see the story come to life in some way.  Val Kilmer does a decent job playing Jim i think, but he only nails that mythic "rock God thing...i wish the movie showed more of his comtemplative thoughtfull side, but it scratches the surface i think. But for a hollywood movie, what do you expect...they still did a good job keeping it entertaining for mass appeal and creating a cool little tribute to the man and band.  Again, this is not the best example of learning or appreciating The Doors, let alone their singer...but its kinda fun and interesting.
 Oliver Stone has a creative imagination and uses it well in this biography of the legendary '60's rock band  The Doors . Unfortunately, Stone forgets that most of the people portrayed in this movie are still very much alive and have a much better memory than he does! The music is fantastic, Val Kilmer is pretty good as the legendary Jim Morrison (a little too pretty maybe as Morrison always looked a little rough around the edges!) but I hope nobody leaves this movie thinking this is how it was. Buy  The Doors
 Some reviewers seem annoyed that the film is actually about Jim Morrison and not about The Doors.  And it's true.  The band seems like a canvas upon which Jim Morrison can sing, act out, drink, and otherwise remain perpetually painted at the forefront of this film.  Oliver Stone's camera is enamored with Val Kilmer's Jim Morrison.  And Kilmer's performance is quite exciting, indeed.  But I wonder why Stone lets Kilmer steal the entire movie.  Where are The Doors?  Where's the history of the band?  The movie suggests that The Doors revolve entirely around Morrison and that the stories of the other band members, while likely less crazy and sensational, are not at all interesting without Morrison's presence and influence.  I think the tragedy of Jim Morrison's life is that he actually believed that drugs, sex, and alcohol - mixed with a soul trapped by societal conventions - somehow opens the artist to the infinite beauty of the universe.  But really, it's pain that drives all good art.  Morrison writes, speaks, and sings of his poor relationship with his parents.  He sought the convention of a happy family by desensitizing himself rather than facing his fear of utter abandonment honestly and soberly.  It's this pain that makes Morrison somewhat sympathetic.  Despite his determination to live as an alcoholic drug addict, some pain seeped out, taking the forms of poetry, film, and music.  Perhaps psychoanalyzing Morrison is too easy, but we aren't given much else from Stone and Kilmer.  Whenever Morrison appears drunken and aggressive in front of the band, watch the faces of the band members.  They know exactly what's wrong with Morrison as they fight the futile battle of getting Morrison sober enough to sing another song.
 Calling this movie "The Doors is misleading. It would be more accurate to call it "Jim Morrison and Those Other Guys In the Band, since that is how it's presented.  It's always tempting to latch onto a rock legend in these rock biopics, and Oliver Stone clings like a limpet to the ghost of Jim Morrison. Acid-soaked scenery and mysticism are in every scene, but Stone seems content to wallow in the rock'n'roll debauchery rather than get into Morrison's head.  It opens with a voiceover of Jim Morrison's poetry, as we slowly fade into a stalled recording session. Then it flips back to 1949, as Morrison's family drives through the desert. The boy catches a glimpse of several Indians by the road -- and one of them dies as the family leaves.  Then it flips ahead to Morrison's (Val Kilmer) years at college -- he crashes a party for a pretty girl, makes arty films, acid-trips, and devotes himself to poetry. Then his pal Ray Manzarek (Kyle McLachlan) creates a rock band, with Morrison's poetry and voice as the centerpiece. Soon The Doors become a fixture in L.A. -- and then a famed band.  But as the Doors become more famous, Morrison increasingly loses himself in the messianic-Dionysian-rocker role that has been set out for him. He weds a witch-journalist (Katherine Quinlan) but loves his fey girlfriend Pamela (Meg Ryan). And when he outrages the authorities with the threat of public exposure, the spiral starts that will only lead to death.  Stone certainly knew how to evoke the golden ages of rock'n'roll. Lots of sex, kinetic concerts, and bizarre behavior where Morrison jumps up on platforms and screams, "I am the Lizard King! I can do anything! The whole movie just kind of sweeps you off your feet.  And Stone is quite brilliant with the direction. The movie is filmed like an acid trip -- shifting multicoloured skies, Indian ghosts, shadows on the sand, and eerie lighting. And it touches on other aspects of the late sixties -- the Factory, Nico, and the belief that something violent and beautiful was about to erupt.  Unfortunately, Stone seems so enamored of the atmosphere that he never quite gets around to making a biopic. The other Doors are relegated to a frame for Morrison's bizarre behavior, and after the first half hour, they basically fade away. And he gets too enamored of his own style with the Indian ghost, and the arty "dead man final scenes.  Val Kilmer does a shockingly good job with the languid, unpredictable energy of Morrison. He sings well too. Sadly, his performance is stuck in a one-note character -- Stone opts to potray him just as a random, sleazy, wild jerk, and we don't get a single insight into his thoughts. Sure, Morrison could be horrible. But this is Jim Morrison as rock cliche, not as a human being.  And sadly, none of the other actors get much chance to expand on their roles -- the other Doors actors, including MacLachlan, basically play slightly annoyed accessories, and Meg Ryan plays a sweet girl without many other dimensions. Although Crispin Glover has a tiny, memorable role as Andy Warhol.  "The Doors opens into a beautiful psychedelic movie, but Stone fails to give it a soul. It's a fun biopic full of the sixties atmosphere, but it never quite manages to be much more.
 "This is the end, Beautiful friend  This is the end, My only friend, the end  Of our elaborate plans, the end  Of everything that stands, the end  No safety or surprise, the end.  The moment The Doors' front man Jim Morrisen took acid was the end. Acid, alcohol, and eventually heroin
 Newborn Republic Pictures utilizes the solid directoral ability of Robert Bradbury, and the presence of John Wayne along with Yakima Canutt and his troupe of stuntriders to produce this strongly scripted film of 1860s vigilante efforts to rid the Far West of outlaw bands that were involved in widespread robbery and cattle rustling. Bradbury, whose skill with Westerns dates back to the early silent period, directs and edits with a solid awareness of suspense, building his typically short scenes with sparse and, at times, stilted dialogue and an eye for proper cast placement which makes excellent use of defined personalities such as Wayne, Frank McGlynn Jr., and Glenn Strange, and gives particular value to the hard-riding stunt performers, who are splendid throughout this well-made (and musical) adventure filmed in California's Owens Valley, at the base of the Sierra Nevada.
 DVD was delivered on time and in excellent condition.  From a historical perspective, this would be a good addition to one's DVD library for insight to Bob Hope and his personal relationships with the many Presidents of the United States outside of official business.
 My daughter is learing her multiplying without knowing it..lol!!  She is addicted to all the songs and sings them all the time.  I sing them with her and they bring back memories of saturdays watching cartoons when i was her age.  A definate must for any school age child!!  Also has wonderful extras!!
 I loved looking at the old school rock but the sound was very low and we had to be very quiet in order to hear it.
 I use to watch this on saturday mornings and loved it! but i got this and dont remember it being so BORING! Im hoping my daughter will find the enjoyment like I did years ago. I guess because Im older cartoons bore me alot. lol
 Most school do not teach this any more, it's imforamtion for all student's. I would buy more educational dvd's from Schoolhouse Rock
 The product arrived in record time; however, it was not what I expected, and that's not Amazon's fault.  I already own the VHS copy of the Top 25 Schoolhouse Rock songs, and thought I was missing something.  Sadly I was not.  The only positive is that the Multiplication Rock portion of it will help my daughter learn her multiplication tables much faster through song.
 The money stuff is idiotic.  "Buy low, sell high, and dollar cost average.  The last of these is mathematically unsound and was invented to increase broker commissions.  No thought went into this besides "well, the original cast has retired, let's do something new!  Like Sesame Street, they should have stopped making Schoolhouse Rock after about 10 years and went to reruns.  Any kid who still watches this or Sesame Street for 10 years is going to enjoy it a second time either because it was good or he doesn't know the difference.  That, and the Disney commercials, which no paying customer should be forced to sit through.
 Brings back memories, but not as entertaining as I thought it'd be. My wife was put off by some of the phrases she thought sounded insensitive.
 My son lost interest after 20 minutes,while my daughter watched longer, it made her go to sleep.
 I haven't given the gift yet
 Very cheesy fight scenes, and an even more simplified plot.  The "big special technique used at the end looked like a cheerleader pyramid.  Would def. not suggest this movie to anyone unless you are into really old kung fu flicks.
 I was hoping there would be more on Katy Perry instead of two or three people talking about her that I didn't even know.  That is not my idea of a good DVD.  I love to watch Katy, but they had very little of Katy in the DVD.
 EDIT
 This movie was well worth watching.  There was a lot of violence in it, but there was a definite plot that made the viewer care about the fate of the main character.  The educational value of the film alone made it worth watching, for me.  I had no idea that the people in this part of the world had to live this way.  There were rich people who lived comfortably, but there didn't seem to be much of a middle class, and most people who had jobs lived meagerly.  But they still wanted the same things that most people want.  They had framed photographs of their weddings, complete with as many fashionable and nice clothes as they could manage.  They decorated their homes with as much comfort as they could.  Almost nobody of the main character's income level had a car.  That would be a luxury.  Their streets were often unpaved, their clothes cheap, their opportunities limited.
 Inagaki's  Chushingura  was easily the most expensive version of a very popular and well-known epic in Japan.  There had been several versions on film, the best directed by Furuda in 1959 (never seen outside  Japan).  Inagaki was an old favorite among Japanese critics, having  directed the trilogy of Musashi Miyamoto, known herebaouts as the   Samurai  trilogy with Mifune.  He was coventional, lacking in  all but the most rudimentary visual imagination, and yet he was safe enough  to invest a huge (for the time) budget, with the biggest box-office star of  his day, Yuzo Kayama, in the making of what has become the most popular  version of the ancient Japanese legend of the 47 Ronin.  It is excellent as   chambara  (sword-film), but severely lacking in every other  area.  The action scenes, which always had the advantage of grandeur when  compared to a simple Western gunfight, carry the film.  But the emphasis on  ritual, on character development, and on fidelity to the details of the  legend, make the film seem rather stodgy.
 I first came across Klaus Nomi while watching <a href="http
 Only in New York could a cross-dressing, female opera impersonator rise to the top of the club scene in the late '70s, riding on a wave of the era's fascination with everything twisted and fetish.  Nomi's sad, short life and the despicable way he treated his band are profiled, and seeing the live footage of him after all this time one is left to wonder
 The only reason I gave it three stars was because I absolutely love the novela and it was interesting to see the Rubi that was made still in black and white.  Although I saw the warnings that it was chopped up and not the full novela, but I did not think that is actually that bad.  But it is very bad basically the story line is lost so many good scenes not there and it was a huge disappointment in that sense.  However, I was happy with the product overall it was okay.  So if you are a Rubi fan you might still like it, if you want to watch the whole novela do not buy it, its on youtube.
 Good "novela", however, wish that it was not so chopped up.  If you did not watch it on Univision, then you would be lost.  I thought I was purchasing the "novela in its original verision.
 I am disappointed because of the many cuts they made in comparison to the TV episodes that have been aired. (I am from Germany, and the first few episodes were running on German TV "RTL but then they were suddenly cancelled, but these episodes that they actually aired were un-cut.)  So I bought this DVD to see all of "Rubi". It's a pity it is cut. I'd like the un-cut version. I hope it will be released one day. I cannot get enough of "Rubi", my favourite telenovela.  I would have liked Spanish subtitles and German subtitles, in my case. Watch out
 THe second cd at the end it was blurry and could not see the end of it.  I probably will return the tape for another one.  I did not know that the cd's were tape on both sides, it was a bit confusing.
 This is one of my all time favorite novelas. I'd been looking for it for a while with no luck. When I finally found it here, I was so excited I ordered it right away... I made a mistake, they cut off so much! It seems like they're just a bunch of small clips put together. So dissapointed, I would've definately paid the extra money to get the WHOLE story!
 The novela Rubi in itself is excellent.  The theme was fascinating and the actors and actresses were fabulous.  With that said having the opportunity to purchase it and watch it while stationed overseas with no spanish channels is thrilling.  I am no expert in film but thought it was well put together and easy to follow even if some scenes of the TV version were missing.  Definitely a must watch for anyone interested in spanish soaps.
 I hardly ever watch television, much less novelas. The only reason why I acquired this DVD was because a friend made a comment to me that made me want this. This is a REMAKE of the 1990 Televisa soap "Teresa", starring the then unknown Mexican beauty SALMA HAYEK. I have not seen this novela in years and was always a fan of it (and still am of Salma Hayek).  This is almost the same novela It's amazing how Televisa finds it necessary to re-hash their stories. But when is "Teresa itself going to be released on DVD??? Do they not release their old soaps so they can rehash them to new audiences? People know the difference, believe me. People knew that "Luz Clarita was a remake of "Chispita", that "Salome was a remake of "Colorina and recently that the novela starring Thalia's niece is a remake of "Rosa Salvaje". Why bother, Televisa? The main difference between "Rubi and "Teresa is that Teresa was much more calculative and relied on her tactics to get what she wanted...whilst Rubi relied on her looks and sex to get her way. The endings are different too.  But that being said, "Rubi itself is a decent novela, but Barbara Mori is missing that fire and spark that Salma Hayek brought to the original. Sure she's gorgeous, no denying that. But her role wasn't believable as the calculating and money hungry social climber as she was supposed to be. This role was perfect for Salma and it's a shame this remake couldn't get a similiarly talented star. A pretty face isn't everything  I'm just waiting for them to release "Teresa and all the classic Luc&iacute;a M&eacute;ndez soaps.
 I caught this film on one of my HD channels and I'm not sure which version I saw. It's kind of hard to be fair to this film seeing it so late after it's original release. I had already seen the other films dealing with the same material before seeing this film.  This film while interesting, has many scenes I found unnecessary and boring. It's hard to see anyone as Dr. Lector but Hopkins now and that might be why I didn't like this version more than I did.  I would recommend this film to fans of the series, but I don't think it's the best version of the film.
 I knew about how Red Dragon was the first of the Hannibal trilogy, so I bought it.  When I had finished reading it, I loved it and decided to rent the DVD.  Well, it wasn't very good.  It was well acted, well directed, but the writing ....  They changed a really good ending from the book to a ... one in the movie.  So if you thought the movie was just OK, and your a huge Silence of the Lambs fan, then read the book!
 Manhunter is gem of a movie...watch it and expand your mind. The  Theatrical Version  is beautiful to look at and listen to...watch it or just buy the single DVD release. The 3 stars aren't for the film but the rip-off DVD. Anchor Bays' heavily advertised  Director's Cut  sucks. The transfer is pale and lackluster; the framing for the picture is too tight (compared to the theatrical version). Close-ups of half faces dominate; William Peterson (Will Graham, the Lead character) is even framed out of one of the additional scenes. The sound is just as bad, soggy and spatially deficient. In a word
 Low budget adaptation of the novel Red Dragon by Tom Harris.  Although a bit cheesey, being from the era of Miami Vice and Disco era, it is a pretty tight little thriller.  It spawned and greatly influenced the FBI/Criminal Profiler subgenre that Harris gleaned from John Douglas, the former FBI director of their fledgling Criminal Profiling Unit formed in the seventies.  This movie is the forerunner of all the Hannibal Lector movies and those productions stole heavily from this Michael Mann effort.  William Peterson and Tom Noonan are standouts in performance.  TV shows like all of the CSI's and Criminal Minds owe there existence to the combination/colaboration of the John Douglas book "Mindhunter",  Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon and the movie "Manhunter".
 This was the first look at Hannibal Lechter, but it really didn't have the impact of "Silence Of The Lambs and the two subsequent movies also dealing with Lechter. Those -  "Silence..,  "Hannibal and "Red Dragon (a re-make of this movie) - all had Anthony Hopkins as the famous criminal.  Hopkins "take on the character was so memorable, so riveting that he made it his own. In this movie, Lechter is not memorable. In fact, few people could tell you who played him in this film. The answer
 This is the first of the Hannibal Lector series.  The second which is a more known film, Silence of the Lambs, came out 5 years later.  Manhunter introduces us to Dr. Lector through the FBI agent Will Graham.  All we know is that Graham captured Dr. Lector and he is now in jail, but Graham still respects Dr. Lector's knowledge on forensic psychology and helps him to find another serial killer, "The Tooth Fairy".  This serial killer prays on "happy families and remains illusive.  Will Graham is determined to capture him at any cost.  Lector is played by Brian Cox.  I have to admit that I like Anthony Hopkins' portrayal of the diabolical Lector better.  "The Tooth Fairy is played by Tom Noonan and is by far his best acting role and he should have received some award for it.  He made the movie.  This film is produced by Dino De Laurentiis, the same producer as all of the Lector series except, Silence of the Lambs.  The story line was good, but the screen play adaptation could have been better, alot was lost.  I still believe this first in the series is an excellent choice and explains Hannibal's character.  This should be viewed before seeing Silence of the Lambs.
 Was I the only one who was left confused at the end of this movie? They not only changed the ending, but the whole premise seemed forced and not true to the book. The book was good, even better than good some Harris fan's may argue, but it was a light read, much like this movie is a light watch. You don't need to pay too much attention to this film to understand it; in fact, you could be doing housework (like I do when I watch it). The beginning of the Lecter series (in this movie, spelled  Lecktor ) this may be the most dissapointing novel in it. Lecter is imprisioned here, it's in the beginning of his eight-year incarceration. Some fascinating images and thoughts adorne the movie (a rather interesting scene when the hero, Will Graham, is trying to 'get into' the mind/mindset of the Red Dragon killer) and the actor who playes the Red Dragon is really quite good. Brian Cox is the infamous cannibal, not Hopkins, and his portrayle of Lecter is really interesting. He playes it like one might a circus clown; full of energy and not so much wit. I don't deny that Cox is a good actor, but Hopkins, with his slow and leathel style, was much better suited for the role of the flesh-eater. When you watch the Graham/Lecter interaction, one is reminded of an 'elaboration of a bad lie' (quote from Silence of the Lambs, the much better sequel to this film). It's almost like the actors are trying to play down the whole plot of the movie with a few minutes of poorly-written interaction. It's simple if you view this movie with a nonchalant attitude, really. You musn't see this without seeing Silence of the Lambs afterward, for it will releave you of this boring plot.
 The movie looks and sounds like an old Movie of the Week circa early 1970s. It looks and feels dated.  The screenwriter and director maintain the suspense. But it misses being a truly great film because of average performances by the actors and its  low-budget  feel. Some low budget films have a gritty feel and work remarkably well because of their intimacy and honesty, but the intimacy seems corny and goofy in this film. The print DOES look like a copy of an old VHS.  Wait until this goes into the bargain bin - there is no way it is worth the current asking price.
 Could have been much better if they would have been more aligned with Harris'Red Dragon.  It would have made for a much better ending.  In addition,  the Tooth Fairy  would have surpassed Buffalo Bill in sure creepiness if the Red Dragon would have been emphasized greater.
 This film was entertainig with credible performances from the cast howevever it neglects to capture the viewers undivided attention such as  The Silence Of the Lambs  and  Hannibal .  The story itself is definately more intriguing than the proceeding two films but the movie fails to deliver much insight into the villians character compared to the novel it was adapted from.  I could also do without the cheesy 80's music soundtrack blaring in the backround.  This is not a must for your DVD collection.  I recommend renting it before you buy it.
 A well made suspence-thriller on a low budget. Absolutely worth your time...
 Sometimes a director tries so hard he kills the thing he loves. Manhunter is a good example. After all the good things I'd read about it I was disappointed by the film's lack of suspense and charisma. There is a very synthetic feel to the whole production. As if we were watching reptiles in a glass cage.  The pacing is lethargic, the first ca. 20 minutes being especially tedious. Many more sequences that just don't add up. I found myself fast-forwarding several times, which usually indicates the editing needs tightening up. Well-paced films engage, but pace is not something Mann seems to have understood, at least not at this stage of his career.  The script is not particularly memorable. A good script might have compensated for the languorous pacing and allowed the actors to interact in a more dramatic, less voyeuristic fashion.  The wide angle aspect ratio seems wasted, with a lot of dead space. Everything looks scrubbed down and sterile. Like a made-for-TV movie in its bland, generic, compositionally unimaginative visuals.  Noonan and Cox are the reason I watched it. Unfortunately there's too little of Cox, and Noonan, for all his creepiness, can't quite break through the immaculate veneer of the film. So this is not a film I would add to my collection.  Technically, the DVD transfer is quite spectacular. Even after I zoomed in in an effort to make the thing come alive, detail remained impressive.
 In a way, I kind of feel for William L. Petersen. According to the IMDB, he's had about 30 roles. He's currently starring in and producing the very special CBS crime drama C.S.I He's done Shakespeare and other stage theater. Yet, someday he's gonna die, and his obituary is going to read  Petersen starred in Manhunter, a prequel to Silence of the Lambs the film that earned Jodie Foster an Oscar.   I had to think about this one for a long time, and I have come to the conclusion that its not a bad film. I'm always the first person to say that you have to try to look at a movie in regards to itself, not its peers. But on the other hand, I'm human and I have likes and dislikes, and I can say without a doubt that I liked Silence of the Lambs better.  But it doesn't stop there, Petersen is also likely to spend the rest of his career being compared to his other  little sister  Julianne Moore. To put things in perspective, I'll say that I did like Manhunter better than Hannibal.  This appears to be Petersen's  method acting  phase. Perhaps he is trying to relate to his character, William Graham, the FBI profiler who caught Hannibal Lecter (here spelled Lecktor) by using method acting. Graham has the ability to get so into character, to feel the killer's emotions so well, that he knows how he thinks and can behave as the killer would. Sadly, Petersen just doesn't quite have that skill (or didn't in 1986, anyway). He frequently comes across as weak and overemotional, when I think we are supposed to read him as troubled and intense. There is a difference.  I've dwelled on Petersen enough, its time to examine the rest of the film. Manhunter was written and directed by Michael Mann (much like every other crime drama ever 
 For the Amazon reviewer to state that Manhunter is "arguably even better than Silence of the Lambs is sheer idiocy and should immediately disqualify him from further reviews.  Manhunter is not even in the same league.  Apart from some good performances, the story is poorly told and not even particularly compelling.  Silence of the Lambs blows this movie away.
 I bought this but in the Hannibal Lecter collection, I FINALLY made it through lol. WOW... it's so terrible, but I gave it 3 stars because it's worth watching just to laugh at the 80's megastyle blow of it all... the long overly drawn out  pauses on sunsets and the lead actors gaze into the lens, the cheesy soundtrack, the scripted horridly robotic dialogue especially between Will and Hannibal in the jail cell etc. I thought I didn't care for Norton in the newer version of Red Dragon, but he's like a genius actor compared to this horrid style over substancefest.  Honestly, if I'd never seen or heard, knew... anything about this story/movie/Hannibal Lecter this movie wouldn't have made any sense at all and been utterly boring. It was an hour into the script/film that Will even mentions anything about his relationship with Lecter... come on lol, it's so horribly written. I haven't read the book? but despite that they need to make a script that is compelling and makes sense. Anthony Hopkins takes a huge dump on this entire film, he brought Hannibal to life completely... this guy Cox? whoever he is makes Hannibal seem totally forgettable in ever way.  I'd only suggest buying this stand alone movie if you love 80's Don Johnson style fluff, otherwise the only justification would be to do as I did and be forced to buy it with the Hannibal Lecter Collection just to get Hannibal on Blu-ray since it's apparently not available on it's own.
 I know Manhunter is somewhat dated and has a very 80s feel to it, but this was a very well-done, creepy film with decent acting and decent directing.  Unfortunately, the powers that be (which I suppose in this case is director Michael Mann) have made it so that out of the 4 or 5 different VHS and DVD releases of this film, not one has ever been of the actual theatrical film.  Even though these new DVD releases have some new footage put in, there are several short scenes from the original cut that have always been chopped out of these home releases, for some unknown reason.  This particular release includes some new clips that add nothing to the plot of the movie and actually make you like some of the lead characters less; they were better off left on the cutting room floor, as they were originally.  What makes these new scenes most distracting is that their quality is terrible, so you'll be watching a crisp, high-quality scene and all of a sudden a little grainy, awful-looking clip will appear, having been spliced back in, and then the picture quality suddenly goes to perfect again.  Very distracting.  I've never seen a director's cut of a film done this way, and I hope I never do again.  Most directors would cringe at the thought of saying,  Yes, this is my perfect vision of how this film should have looked, even with these horrible-looking clips included.   To get the best experience of this movie, stick with the 2001 release.  This one is only interesting for one viewing, and only then just for hard-core fans of the film whose curiosity is piqued.
 First off, the movie itself is excellent. I give it 4 stars. I bought this movie back in 1987, remembering that I wanted to see it based on previews at the theaters, but I never got to see it until it came out on VHS. However, this DVD release get's 3 stars only because it's nothing really special and it's the Limited Edition's Director's Cut with the video much improved. But, it still has a glaring omission that I will cover later in this review. I remember Showtime advertising a Director's Cut of the movie and I remember it being so much better than the theatrical version. The one scene that especially stands out in my mind is the final confrontation between Dolarhyde and Graham. First off, Graham has a 38 Bulldog special which only holds 5 rounds. Also, he is using Glazer safety slugs. In the theatrical version, Graham gets off six shots. WHOOPS! In the Director's cut, they get it right. He only fires 5 shots. Also, with Glazers, the bullet does NOT travel through the body. The whole point of Glazers is that they explode on impact, preventing them from passing through the intended target and possibly hitting someone behind them. In the theatrical version, you see blood spray after the 2nd or 3rd shot hitting the kitchen wall behind Dolarhyde. This would not happen with Glazers. Also, due to the impact and explosion of the bullet upon impact, anyone hit would have been down on the first shot. In the director's cut, the blood spray never happens, although there is blood on the back wall. I guess Mann decided to cut out the scene that contained the spray rather than reshoot it since the director's cut came out on Showtime some couple of years after the movie was released in theatres. With the theatrical and limited edition that Anchor Bay released, I got what I was looking for, but only to a degree. First off, the DVD theatrical version is NOT the true theatrical version. There are extra scenes added that were NOT in the theatrical version. Also, a scene where Graham sympathizes with Dolarhyde before the final confrontation is left out for some unknown reason. The Director's Cut is still not the TRUE director's cut that I saw on Showtime because of the missing scene just mentioned. However, it was the only version available, but the picture was horrible. Colors bled and overall, it appeared to have been copied from a pirated copy on VHS. That's how bad it looked. Much to my surprise, I was looking at a local store and saw the Restored Director's Cut. I was excited to finally have what was not given to us before. Or, so I thought. I guess the sentence that sold me was the one on the back of the DVD case
 mainly because the Tooth Fairy is a more compelling figure than Buffalo Bill was.  (Tooth Fairy?  Buffalo Bill?  These are pretty silly names, aren't they?)  This generally well-executed  (pardon the pun, pleaz)  movie is at its best when we start getting to know the killer, excellently portrayed by Tom Noonan.  Even though the press have dubbed him   Tooth Fairy   because of some nasty bite marks on the cadavers, our killer prefers to think of himself as   Red Dragon  -- a suitably macho monicker which perhaps compensates for his painfully shy, socially inadequate, hare-lipped persona.  While he's butchering families, he finds time to actually fall in love with a blind co-worker, and in so doing generating enough sympathy that you may find yourself surprised.  This is a great character; this is good writing.  (Although the writers fail the Tooth Fairy somewhat with the slam-bang slo-mo cliche ending.) Not so good is the overelaborate set-up with William L. Petersen's Will Graham and the FBI.  Amusingly, the movie couldn't care less whether you're able to follow all the details of the high-tech tools, diagrams, psychoanalytical profiles, et al., that are thrown at you during the first half-hour.  One would think that the FBI is sending Agent Graham to the Moon, rather than putting him on another case.  And the notion of our hero putting himself in the exact frame of mind as our killer passes belief.  Finally
 After seeing the flick, I think the whole point of the book and film was for P. Roth to have an opportunity to bash political correctness. C'mon! I went to college in the 1990s
 When I was watching the Human Stain, I felt like I was watching two movies. The first was the story of a justifiably bitter man redeemed by an unlikely love affair, who must protect his lover from her unstable ex. The second, and far more compelling, was of a young man in the 1940s who makes a fateful choice that will affect the rest of his life. Anthony Hopkins is excellent, as usual, and it's easy to imagine him having been a boxer in his youth-- he seems to bring a sense of pugnaciousness to most of his roles. Nicole Kidman is another matter. She's simply too glamorous to be believable as this beaten down and (in the novel) illiterate woman.   The other of half of the story is much more interesting and features an outstanding performance by Wentworth Miller as the young Coleman Silk. These scenes crackle with the energy of a young man and a country teetering on the edge of unimaginable upheaval. Anna Deveare Smith is also very good as Coleman's mother. For some reason, I never believed that Miller and Hopkins were the same person, and it seemed ludicrous that Coleman would reach late middle age without revealing his secret. (Couldn't he have done so in the '60s?) ....   Ed Harris is reliably good as Kidman's ex, but again it's hard to imagine his and Kidman's characters being married. A good try.
 THE HUMAN STAIN, from a novel by Philip Roth, is a handsomely produced independent film that strives hard to be a serious study of the effect racial prejudice has on an educated college professor (Anthony Hopkins) who retires when he is accused of using the word "spooks to cover two of his students who have never showed up for class. In the course of the story, we learn that he himself is a black man passing for white and dealing with a secret he's kept in the dark for most of his life. It has an odd way of telling the story with frequent intervening and overlapping flashbacks that are sometimes hard to follow. Even odder is the casting of Anthony Hopkins as a black man who looks white.  When he meets Nicole Kidman, we have two lost souls. She's running from her past, blaming herself for the accidental death of two children and running from a crazed ex-husband (Ed Harris) who threatens to break up her improbable relationship with the college professor. Kidman tackles a role beyond her scope as a trailer trash type who makes her living as a custodian cleaning up other people's messes. She is never convincing and makes the unappealing character both annoying and absurd, and has absolutely no chemistry with Hopkins. That he would be so attracted to her is highly improbable, given her sudden outbursts of insults and deep rooted anger.  Ed Harris and Gary Sinise do well in underdeveloped roles and both have some very valid moments where they seem like real people instead of contrived characters. Too bad they don't play a greater part in the story.  Production-wise, it's handsomely photographed in rugged winter settings but "the message fails to get its points across with any subtlety. Wentworth Miller is appealing as the younger Hopkins, but it's hard to accept that the handsome dark-haired youth could turn into a man resembling the older Hopkins--and he's a bit of odd casting too.  Kidman is forced to recite lines like
 I came into this movie knowing that, as has been proven time and time again in the history of novels being made into movies, that the adaptation would of course be an oversimplification of the complexity of the book.  The only question would be how gross the oversimplification would be.  Philip Roth's novel is a forthright examination of the thoroughness of misery.  Roth, as perhaps the last among those we can call American Novelists, peers into the American character to see how we all suffer through depths of misery though we look anxiously for an easy lifestyle--we are, after all, Americans.  But <a href="http
 Early in  The Human Stain,  a young man meets a woman. It's *the* woman, and although the scene is short it is perfectly played, and we know. We also know that the young man harbors a secret, which he will be forced to reveal just once, after which the woman will be lost, and so will the man for 45 years. Philip Roth's book and Robert Benton's movie is about that man, Coleman Silk, in his final year, and how he finds himself again in a woman.   The movie is, of course, much more complex than that. Too complex.   Silk is the mastodon dean of the classics department at a New England liberal arts school who is charged with racism after referring to absent students as  spooks.  Those students, whom Silk has never seen, are black. And so is Silk, though, played by Anthony Hopkins, he doesn't look it. Nor does anyone else know, because that's his secret. Faced with revealing his race to save his job, Silk instead resigns, his wife dies from the shock of Silk's tumultuous decline, and the fallen dean befriends a reclusive writer (Gary Sinise). He also meets a dairy worker, Faunia (Nicole Kidman), who's young, rough around the edges, sexually adventurous.   And so begins Silk's reawakening. Roth's book jumps around freely in time and points of view and so does the movie in an attempt to make some coherent point about privacy, personal identity, shame and loss. The book and movie are set against the backdrop of the Clinton/Lewinsky scandal - it seems like a grab for historical import in the book, while it is a distraction in the movie - and has several scenes set in the 1940s, as an 18-year-old Silk (Wentworth Miller) meets Minnesotan Sheena (Jacinda Barrett) and begins a brief, intense courtship. Miller and Barrett, in short shrift, develop instant, excellent chemistry - better than Hopkins and Kidman do in the present day scenes - which makes the moment when Sheena meets Silk's refined, soft-spoken black mother (Anna Deveare Smith) direct and tragic.   Silk's new romance is equally troubled, although it's Faunia with the disreputable label. She broadcasts her flooziness, and her husband, ex-Vietnam vet Lester (an electric, scary Ed Harris) hunts her from one sexual encounter to another. Silk, robust and virile as he is, is not fully prepared for this woman or her past.    The Human Stain  only works in spots; like the book, it has its moments, such as when old Silk dresses down a preppy lawyer, or Sheena  dances  for young Silk, but Benton and screenwriter Nicholas Meyer pile on so many themes that we're left only the aroma of a story, not an actual one. Kidman is the wrong actress for Faunia - talking in low scratch and chain-smoking does not a roughwoman make. Hopkins is better, but curiously distant as Silk, who is so far inside his own vision of himself that he still seems to be peering out for the coast to be clear. Harris steals every scene he's in, which is few.   The movie would been smarter to stay rooted in the past, during Silk's critical growth period. The present day material feels strangely like three old men - Roth, Benton and Meyer - getting off on a tough-skinned naked woman running her hand over a bewildered older man's body.
 "The Human Stain is about two individuals, battered and bruised by life, who try to find meaning and purpose in a May/December romance.  Anthony Hopkins plays Dr. Coleman Silk, a college professor who "resigns just prior to his retirement after a student unjustly accuses him of making a racist comment in his classroom.  Compounding the tragedy, Coleman also loses his wife to a brain aneurysm, the direct result, Coleman believes, of stress caused by both the accusation and the lack of support he receives from friends, colleagues and university officials concerning the charge.  The irony is that Coleman, unbeknownst to anyone else, is actually a light-skinned black man who has spent his adult life hiding his true identity from the world.  Coleman's life takes a seeming turn for the better when he enters into an affair with Faunia Farley, a 34-year old cleaning woman (Nicole Kidman) who has lost her two children in a fire and who is being stalked by her violent, mentally unstable husband, played by Ed Harris.  The fourth major character is Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), a reclusive author who becomes a friend and confidante of the ex-professor, and who ends up writing a story about this odd but compelling relationship.  "The Human Stain is an uneven, often muddled film that still has a great deal to offer the discriminating viewer.  On the negative side, Hopkins is woefully miscast in the lead role, not because he delivers a bad performance (he doesn`t), but because we find it virtually impossible to accept him as an African American passing himself off as white.  This may, indeed, be a case of a bridge too far when it comes to the extent to which we are willing to suspend our disbelief for any story, no matter how worthy its aspirations.  The film also suffers at times from a lack of clear definition, particularly with the Kidman character who remains pretty much an enigma throughout.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing since ambiguity is often more intriguing than clarity, but the filmmakers in this case needed to work a bit harder in developing her character.  Coleman's story is considerably more compelling, particularly in the scenes flashing back to the 1940's, as Coleman as a young man (well played by Wentworth Miller), has to cope with the difficulties of being a racially ambiguous person in a clear-cut, black-and-white world.  Frankly, the movie might have been more interesting had it focused on this aspect of the story and dropped the main plot line altogether.  Still, "The Human Stain is worth watching, albeit more for what it promises than for what it delivers.  The plotting may not always hold up under scrutiny, but the tone of quiet sadness that permeates the film pulls us into the tale anyway.  Here are two people who have been so mistreated by circumstances that even they don't know what it is they're searching for.  They just know that they can't continue going through life alone with no one to rely on for support.  As a result, we find ourselves drawn to these two people even though we can't always figure out why.  Hopkins (despite the serious credibility problem) and Kidman underplay their roles nicely, highlighting the sadness and vulnerability of their emotionally wounded characters.  "The Human Stain is a mixed bag of a movie, an admirably original and complex film that never quite brings all its various elements together.  Sinise and Harris` characters seem particularly contrived and tacked on, little more than awkward devices inserted to keep the plot moving along.  Still, in this day and age when most films provide little or no food for thought, even an unsatisfying work like "The Human Stain can serve as nutrition for the starved soul.
 I have not read the book, but I will assume for now that it is much more balanced than the film. Overall, it was interesting but not as good as it probably could have been. Though I really enjoyed the flashbacks and think that Wentworth Miller is a great actor, the scenes didn't seem to have any connection to the scenes set in 1998. They were randomly placed, for the most part, so I felt like I was watching two different movies. Though I love Anthony Hopkins, I do agree that he should not have been cast as Coleman. He's just not believable as a black man passing for Jewish, and to top that, he and Wentworth are absolutely nothing alike. Some books aren't made to be adapted into films, and I'd have to say that this one falls under that category.
 I knew little about The Human Stain before watching it, but I presumed a film with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Senise, and Ed Harris had to be good.  Those players were certainly outstanding in their individual performances, but I'm afraid the story itself did not come across as the gleaming finished product I was hoping for.  Like I said, the performances were excellent, and for the most part well cast.  Hopkins gave me what I expected from him.  Senise is steady and is an effective narrator.  Harris' role is smaller than what I forecasted, but his lines are delivered with just the right mood and strength.  Kidman, for me, really shone.  She is one of my favorites, and in this film she is eccentric, tragic, vulnerable, harsh.  However, as the plot untwists, I couldn't get past the possibility that Hopkins had been terribly miscast.  I won't spoil it for you, but this was a real distraction for me in the last quarter of the film.  The performances across the board were excellent, however, the screenplay and directing could not hold up the other end of the bargain.  The very intriguing premise of the film included race relations, political correctness, and sexual relations between people aged 40 years apart; but it never really did more than scratch the surface.  The story was enough to hold my interest, but it never pushed into very unfamiliar territory.  It was also undermined by some superfluous scenes.  I felt the foreshadowing in the first frames could have been omitted since it left the outcome of the film in little doubt.  Also, the final scene on the frozen lake was totally unnecessary and did nothing to bring closure to either of the characters' relationships.  The story itself seemed pieced together rather haphazardly.  All in all, I can only give this film a lukewarm recommendation.
 This movie started out excellently. I thought they should have shown more of the young Silk with his family. It also seemed that Jacinta Barrett was trying to stay with him until she realized his mother would never approve.  They should have shown him trying to decide whether to embrace his blackness and see if he could still keep his job or at least go to court and fight the charges while still remaining undercover.  The love story was totally unnecessary to the development of the plot, and the ending seems like they ran out of ideas.  I would have liked to see more of Wentworth Miller (his performance is worth watching the movie for) and Anna DeVere Smith.  And yes, Anthony Hopkins was truly miscast.
 This movie would have been wonderful if the focus was on Coleman's flashbacks to his college years, not on the jumbled-up present of his life.  While the segments with Nicole Kidman's character drag on, the flashbacks present a wonderful picture of what it was like to be of a racially mixed background during racial tumultuous times.  Wentworth Miller is wonderful as the young Coleman Silk (a role that should have given him more movie clout), and Anna Deveare Smith is stoic and touching as Silk's mother.  Gary Sinise and Ed Harris shine in their present-day roles, but Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are by far the weakest links in this movie.  Or, perhaps, their characters are by far the weakest links.
 Anthony Hopkins plays a man that is forced to deal with his past, and realize that no matter how much he wanted to hide it, he had to accept it, and move on! Enter Nicole Kidman, a 30-something year old woman, who herself has to deal with her past, a past that is riddled with pain and suffering. The world that these people live in is very separate, but in the course of the film, they suddenly collide.  Overall, the film was prety good, but in my opinion, the content was a bit over the top in vulgarity.  Some of it was very unecessary...and very unwanted...yes it was rated R, but it has been a long time since I have heard the "f word spoken more than ten times in a row within a 2 minute span...utterly embrassing in my book.  All actors involved in this project did a great job with the material.  Very dark drama indeed.
 This story explores two very different characters from opposite backgrounds, both of whom are estranged from their families and suffer terrible losses before finding a degree of contentment with each other.  The Anthony Hopkins character is very intriguing
 I wonder about the book upon which the film is based. Somehow I imagine that all the characters and their stories unfold in a more graceful way than they do (or can) with the limitations of a film. Nevertheless, the film does manage to convey both the seeming injustice of what happens to Anthony Hopkins' character as he nears the end of his career and the irony of it happening. It reinforces, in much the same way as the more recent House of Sand and Fog adaptation does, how obsessed people are with preserving a front or facade behind which they have lived for so long that they no longer know how to live otherwise, nor how to acknowledge the truth of their circumstances, even if it would save them.  Hopkins is predictably good in the role; Gary Sinise is good but somehow superfluous in his role as the narrator of the story; Nicole Kidman is good but somehow still not believable here because she is just too beautiful, too demure. In some ways, she is excellent and fits well in this role as a woman who has left behind a privileged background and gone down a path riddled with so much loss and misfortune and grief that she has deteriorated into the standoffish and icy woman she seems to be. But does she fit the role of cleaning woman and woman who awakens early to milk cows? Almost, but not quite. She did not disappear into this role. As a completely unhinged, disturbed Vietnam veteran/Kidman's husband, Ed Harris is somehow... alarming. In a good way. The back story about the history of Silk's (Hopkins's) character is a well-handled matter, which ultimately clues the viewer in to the irony and sheer ridiculousness of charges waged against Silk in the present day.
 A 50 year old secret kept hidden from everyone is about to ruin Coleman Silk's life. Slow to get going, it does finally show a couple brief skin scenes near the end, notably one of Nicole Kidman. It was a worth a rental.
 I wasn't sure what to expect with The Human Stain when it arrived. On the one hand, it had probably one of the worst movie titles I've ever heard. On the other hand, it featured some of my favorite actors - Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinese, and Ed Harris. But on the down side the trailers ruined most of the movie. Throw on top of that the fact that it's a dark, depressing character drama and not even the stellar cast could make this movie enjoyable for me.  The Human Stain is a really depressing movie. Every character in the film is depressed, tortured, or otherwise put through emotional hell at one point or another. It's a bit intense and not for you if you're looking for some light entertainment.  The script is pretty good. The story jumps back and forth in time and features Silk as both a young man and an older man. (I personally found the less star powered tales from his youth to be more interesting.) There is also some pretty good dialogue offered. However, it has some problems. It asks the audience to take some pretty big leaps in believability. First of all, we're asked to believe that Anthony Hopkins is a light skinned black person. (And that secret was ruined in the trailers early on, another bad mark against The Human Stain.) Believing Hopkins is black makes about as much sense as believing he's Hispanic. (Zorro, anyone?) As much as I like Hopkins, someone else should have been cast as Silk. The second big leap in logic is the fact that Silk, a highly educated older professor, would fall for an uneducated, psychologically tortured character like Faunia. I can't see the two falling for each other under many real world circumstances. And any time a character in the film suggests that it has something to do with sex, Silk flies into a rage. Well, seeing as how most of the time they are only shown in bed together, that seems like the only explanation. They certainly don't seem to have any other believable connection. My final gripe on the script is that it repeatedly mentions the Bill Clinton / Monica Lewenski scandal. It seemed to be trying to offer some sort of commentary on the subject, but I never quite figured out what it was. It seemed to be saying that the whole incident was trivial, but I wasn't sure.  Despite not being black, Anthony Hopkins does a pretty good job as Coleman Silk. He has no problem portraying the intellectual side of the character. He also doesn't seem to have any problem playing the horny old man side, either. Nicole Kidman goes through an impressive trailer trash transformation as Faunia Farley. Kidman is good at playing the tortured soul and that's what she does here (along with having a surprising number of nude scenes). Ed Harris is also good at playing the psychotic Lester Farley while Gary Sinise plays the straight man and narrator as Nathan Zuckerman. However, I was very much impressed with Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk. He imitated Hopkins fairly well and he's a handsome young actor who I could see taking on larger roles. I found the scenes where he turns his back on his family and race to be the best of the movie.  The Human Stain is also a good looking film. The backgrounds and sets are beautiful and the camera flatters all of the actors. A good film score also helps to elevate the film. It's fortunate that The Human Stain had these things going for it along with the excellent cast, because otherwise it would even worse. In the end the excellent cast helps raise the quality up a bit, but not enough to sell me on it.
 I knew nothing about the movie before I saw it. I Thought it'd be some thriller, and I was wrong. Even though it's no thrill, it's still good.  Good acting and an interesting plot. A little long, but it moves along smoothly.
 The Human Stain is one of those movies that seems to be self consciously striving for Oscar nominations. It features an all star cast, lots of tragedy and melodrama and weighty social issues involving race. Furthermore, it utilizes the overused technique of jumping back and forth in time, which in the case of the aging protagonist (played by Anthony Hopkins), means quite a few decades and allows for a large dose of nostalgia (accompanied by old songs of course) to be thrown into the mix. If this sounds like a cynical view of the movie, it's because the elements never really cohere. Hopkins, as always, gives a good performance, and Nicole Kidman and Gary Sinese are fine in supporting roles, but the plot, taken from a novel by Philip Roth, is meandering and top-heavy and it's hard to find a focal point.   Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a Classics professor who resigns his position over a controversy involving race. Soon after, his wife dies, from causes apparently related to the stress of the situation. Coleman then meets the narrator of the tale, a writer played by Sinese, whose role is mainly to observe. Coleman begins an affair with a troubled younger woman (Kidman), whose life contains a laundry list of tragic elements, including a psychotic ex-husband who is stalking her.   There's one primary  secret  that is central to the film; although it's been fairly well publicized, I prefer not to divulge it here. I will say, however, that it does not go well with the casting and further strains the viewer's credulity. The Human Stain is a film with several interesting characters, some good scenes but an excess of melodrama and plot points.
 "The Human Stain is very watchable. It does have flaws however.  Not the least of which is the miscasting of Anthony Hopkins.  The story is interesting, and holds one's interest for the most part.  The acting however is extraordinary.  You must see this film for the outstanding, right on the mark performance of Ed Harris. His intensity as an actor never fails to amaze me. Equally brilliant is Anna Devere Smith as the mother. Her subtle and underplayed role is nothing short of heartbreaking.  Rent or buy this film if you're interested in seeing great actors at the top of their game.  I haven't mentioned Nicole Kidman because I am still not sure she was right for her role.  Nevertheless she does a commendable job with a difficult part.  It was obvious that turning the book into a film was a challenge.  It almost makes it.  If only they had found someone other than Hopkins for the lead.  He's a fantastic actor, but is never believable for a moment in this role.
 Back when there was a Soviet Union they get together with the Cubans to invade the U.S.A. Unfortunatly for them they chose to drop-in on one of the highest points in the world. The commies pick the wrong town to start their invasion. Here we find benevolent but defiant parents and the fiercest set of patriotic teenagers called wolverines; they will attempt to defend and free the country from the dastardly invaders. As we hear every cliche and see all the pitfalls, we get to kibitz.  Don't ask if an innovation can take place. It has. Now what are you going to do about it? Relatives shot, friends turned traitor, and outgunned, don't let that stop you.
 The DVD could use a few extras considering the importance of this film to the time period it was released.  I love this film. It was one of the first PG-13 films ever released, if not the first, and I was 11 years old when it came out. I actually remember trying to act 13 to get in.  The scene which has always stuck in my mind the most is toward the beginning when the Russian/Cuban paratroopers decend on the high school and the History Teacher (discussing Genghis Kan) naively walks out to greet them.  A very fascinating image of beauty and brutality.  I think the film had a great concept and although I found the ending to lose a bit of the excitement the beginning held, it still goes down as one of my most memorable films of the 1980's.
 "Red Dawn is a historical artifact from the fun-filled carefree days of the first Reagan administration, which pounded out the message that the Asiatic communist hordes were stomping around just over the border in Central America, and the Soviet Union's bigger and better military machine was champing at the bit to take on the USA.  This war talk scared most of conventional Hollywood, which responded with anti-nuclear war movies such as "Testament and "The Day After.  Listening to the White House in those days, it seemed that Reagan's steady hand over the Big Button was all that kept the godless Red Menace from smashing Our American Way Of Life.   The "Soviet Menace was, in hindsight, a lot of overblown hooey, and we now know (and probably should have known then) that the Soviet military was a large, rusting junkpile that even then was being bested by American financed Afghan mullahs, which later morphed into the Taliban.  "Red Dawn"s premise of a Soviet-Cuban-Nicaraguan surprise attack on the United States, and occupation, was, and is, bogus.  On this point alone, "Red Dawn should earn a single star. But I have a soft spot for "Red Dawn", because director John Milius, propagandist extraordinary (see "Wind and the Lion"),  has captured an improbable adolescent fantasy and turned it into a reasonably tight, action-filled adventure.  The plot is absurd, but what red-blooded American teenager growing up in the 50s and 60s didn't fantasize about taking to the hills and fighting Nazi/Red Chinese/Soviet invaders?  And how many kids, as I did, dreamed of being rescued from the algebra final by rampaging Soviet paratroopers, which opens "Red Dawn"?  C'mon, be honest.  Milius, whatever his political bent,  is a good storyteller, the actors are earnest, and the action keeps the movie rolling. The movie follows small town high school football hero Jed Eckert (Patrick Swayze), his brother Matt (Charlie Sheen (pre-"Platoon")) and his band of teen-age guerillas to resist the Soviet occupation of Colorado in the early days of World War Three.  Is that really Swayze's dance partner from "Dirty Dancing, Jennifer Gray, buried under that rumpled Army jacket?  What a country.  No wonder the Russians lose. The "Wolverines are joined by an Air Force pilot (Powers Boothe), who patiently explains how the Ruskees caught us with our pants down and cleaned out half the country. "Red Dawn is borderline camp.  Harry Dean Stanton, perennial desert rat and the father to one of the Wolverines, gets the best line of the movie, "Avenge me! just before a line of American civilians singing off-key patriotic hymns get the Kalyshnikov treatment.  The Russians, who have managed to skunk NORAD and America's best and brightest military minds in their surprise attack, are fundamentally stupid and boorish up close and personal.  Milius likes his action black and white, and heck, why not. It's a fine family movie.  The violence is not too gory, no nudity, no sex and not much bad language.  Just remind the kids, it's just a fantasy flick, and nothing more.  My only troubling concern is, based on some of the reviews, there are people who are still taking this film seriously as some kind of patriotic statement.  The irony is that there were real teen-age Wolverines, only they were the thousands of Russian high-school partisans who died fighting the Nazis behind the lines in the woods and marshes during WW2. &lt;...
 My wife rented this one last night to entertain our 8 year old son.  I watched it with the rest of the family and was modestly amused at the cheesiness of this film, which, I will sheepishly admit, was a favorite of mine back when it first came out on VHS in the mid-80's.  In those days the Cold War was still on, and I was a young GI whose main concern was whether I and my buddies would be called upon to fight the Commies.  This movie plays out the World War III scenario that many of us imagined back then -- a full scale Soviet invasion of the U.S. mainland.  The story focuses around a handful of teenagers who flee for the shelter of the mountains in the early days of the war, and are incited to start a guerilla war against their occupiers after witnessing the Soviets' brutality against their friends and families.  It was amusing to say the least as I watched Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson in their much more youthful days.  The story is all about patriotism, sacrifice, heroism, and a very difficult coming of age -- you know, all that good war movie stuff.  There's no shortage of melodrama, the Soviets are painted in the worst possible light, and their Russian is awful.  In a nutshell, this is a classic anti-Communist propaganda flick, but somehow still strangely entertaining -- not entirely sure why.  Give it a try and decide for yourself.  Who knows, you may like it, especially if The Big Red One is your kind of flick -- they're of a pretty similar quality in my estimation.
 I liked the movie very much, as I believe it is okay to be patriotic and fly the flag.  Where did this Jim Emerson come from?  Do we have to be subjected to reviews by far-left-leaning, gun-hating, anti-Reagan Liberals?  I realize reviews are subjective, but I don't care to be bludgeoned with someone's political views such as I felt I was with Mr. Emerson's review.
  Red Dawn  is essentially a  what-if  tale of a United States invasion by...who else?...Communist nations.  If nothing else, it's certainly entertaining and thought-provoking film.  I'm not a fan of Patrick Swayze's but I really cannot fault either his acting skills or those of C. Thomas Howell in this picture. That said, I must comment on the overall context of  Red Dawn .  Much like John Wayne's  The Green Berets , this film is somewhat hackneyed by today's standards and doesn't stand the test of time well, although it's still interesting to watch.  One must keep in mind that  Red Dawn  was made during the presidency of Ronald Reagan while Cold War feelings were running pretty strong and not too long after we invaded Grenada to save some medical students from a Marxist revolution.  For this reason, ultra conservatives will hail this picture for its prescience while ultra liberals will decry it for being unrealistic.  Neither of these positions really do justice to the movie. While  Red Dawn  is not a movie I care to add to my personal collection, I think it is one best enjoyed with the viewer's political filter, be it left or right, turned off.
 There was a little book published by conservative publishing house Regnery Gateway several months after the release of this movie, entitled "What To Do When The Russians Come".  It pretty well captures the tenor of the times.  We now know that the Soviet Union was hopelessly bogged down in Afghanistan, couldn't even invade Poland in 1980 because its mobilization for that operation was hopelessly bollixed up, and that its economy was already beginning to collapse as a result of the brilliant operation the Reagan Administration executed against it to drive the "evil empire into bankruptcy by forcing it to engage in an unwinnable arms race - and, indeed, only eight months after the movie came out, Mikhail Gorbachev became General Secretary of the CPSU, and we all know what ensued.  None of that was apparent at the time, though, and people still seriously worried about the Red Army storming all the way to the English Channel.  While invasion of North America wasn't something we fretted about quite so much, it's well to remember that this was the era where Central America seemed on the verge of falling to Marxism, where El Salvador and Nicaragua were both in the midst of cruel civil wars and Cuba seemed about to become a major regional power.  It is in the context of these times that "Red Dawn must be viewed, and also as a major early outing for several actors who later became very well-known (Patrick Swayze, C. Howell Thomas, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Grey - Swayze's future "Dirty Dancing co-star).  It is also to be noted that there are several serious problems with Milius' invasion scenario
 Red Dawn is a movie featuring many popular teenage actors like Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, and Charlie Sheen.  Although a little chimerical, I give this move 3 stars.  Red Dawn gives the allusion that Russia and Cuba are nefarious empires seeking to become the world power.  With many action scenes and unheralded foul language, some might believe this film should be more censorious.  To be laconic, it's all about a group of teens who suppress themselves from the depleted town to the mountains.  However, they cannot forget their fellow Americans and decide to try and assuage the problem of the enemy taking over.  Even with the Russian's behemoth tanks and oscillating strategies, these "Wolverines aren't malcontent on just sitting back.  It seems impossible in real life a group of inexperienced teens could actually fight trained Russians and Cubans, but once you get into the movie you forget how impossible most of the scenes are.  However, even with the Wolverines myopic view of war, they do fell many enemies.  Without any tanglible food, tarnished supplies, many quandaries, and a paucity of back-up, these teens really do make a difference.  Characters like Swayze are herioc without ingratiating themselves.  It is hard to believe that this group could actually survive in the mountains, fight an enemy, and still have survivors in the end.  For it's time, I'd say John Milius, the director, did a good job with casting.  This film is proficient entertainment, despite the impossibility of Russia and Cuba coming over to America out of nowhere and attacking.  All in all, it's a good movie.
 The Red Dawn is a movie directed by John Milius. The movie is very accurate but a false scenerio of WWIII. I give the move three stars.    In the movie nefarious Russians invade the U.S. with everyone held hostage some banter teenagers run to the mts to hide. The war scenario turns the teenagers in to benevolent fighters. The teenagers had very low numbers but somehow managed to suppress the soviets. The soviets condoned the teenagers and treated them like they were harmless. When the teens stared their attacks on the soviets they were very proficient. The group starts to call themselves the Wolverines. The attacks started to get more benevolent wehn the Wolverines were out to assuage the deaths of their friends and family. the Wolverines showed to be very illustrious with their attacks. The Wolverines started dying when they started making noisome mistakes.    The brothers in the movie played by Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen were the best actors. In the end of the movie they went into the city to distract the Soviets so that two other Wolverines could escape. The brothers were fell by the Soviets but the other Wolverines escaped    Overall the movie was very good but out of date. It had a sort of malcontent to it but also censorious. The acting could have been better but overall an interesting movie.
 Red Dawn is an action packed war movie based on "World War III.  The illustrious director John Milius has yet again surprised us with another good movie.  Although I do not condone war I have to say that this movie wasn't too bad.  This movie takes place in a small town in Colorado that is invaded by russo-cuban troops.  Patrick Swayze and an all-star cast of Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson find themselves in quite a quandry.  Whether to sit back and watch their town be destroyed, or to suppress this attack.  This group of teenagers  form a guerilla warfare resistance group called the Wolverines.  They are out to avenge the deaths of their family and friends who were brutally and maliciously murdered by the russo-cuban armies.  Hiding in the mountains and duping the enemy, the Wolverines are proficient in their attacks and are culpable for the hundreds of russo-cuban deaths.  With their non-lackadaisical attitude the Wolverines kindle a massive fire with the russo-cuban armies that can not be extinguished.  All in all this was an overall enjoyable movie with non-stop action and excitement.
 You have to admit, it's a great premise. What would America look like and do if war was conducted on our own soil instead of across an ocean? But instead of going the conventional way of showing you anything and everything about it, director John Milius decided to give this depressing scenario a view from a bunch of high school kids. We don't even know the full extent of the attack until the middle of the movie. Interesting concept sure, but what looks good on paper almost never works when fully attempted.  First off, with the exception of a young Charlie Sheen, the acting is bad... as in pathetic. Patrick Swayze is a guy you wouldn't expect this from, but he's one of the worst offenders. Then there's the plausibility of the Wolverine story. Sure, it's possible that a band of high schoolers could take on the Commies in small groups, but it wouldn't last for as long as it did. But it's Hollywood, so I give some leeway here. And there's probably a reason connecting with pride or something, but why didn't they just head towards "Free America and help mount bigger and better attacks from there? At least they could fight on the borders, and receive supplies from the Americans. But instead, it's not until most of them are dead (more on that later), that they decide it would be better to not do everything independently.  Then there's the plausibility of the whole Russian invasion. Now, I'm far from an expert, but wouldn't it be almost impossible for the Russians to launch that big of an attack, so coordinated, so problem-free, so quickly, without a huge retaliation? I'm just saying. It was pretty hard to do it back in the 80s, and word to the wise for those doing the rumored remake, it's impossible to do it today.  Now don't get me wrong, the concept is very intriguing, and works great on paper, but the only problem is that it's extremely depressing. Call me an ever-happy schmo, but watching America being desecrated in such a manner with reeducation camps just doesn't exactly lift my spirits. It's probably not supposed to, but after 2 hours, it just drags you down. Add to the fact that all but 2 main characters die, including Charlie Sheen, in one downer of an ending and some painful scenes, and it's a bit overkill (no pun intended). I also didn't care for the fact that the ending left so many questions unanswered, leaving just a short narration. Here's a question, what ever happened to Patrick Swayze's character?  Now, it may sound like I hate the movie, but I don't. I was entertained and interested, but the movie just falls in so many ways, it's a downer, and again, most of the movie is just depressing. It has some good American values, intriguing concepts, and some interesting character studies. It plays on the fears of the Cold War, and therefore has the most impact for those who fully experienced these 'I Play Chicken With The Train' times. So, in a battle of best Cold War 80's movie, "War Games still wins hands down. So here's to America, the NRA and The Wolverines!
 RED DAWN illustrious protrays what could of happened had Russia attcaked during the Cold War.  This movie is tangible in that Russia could have joined forces with Cuba to attack the U.S. but the fact that a group of tennagers leading a gurrela type warfare is unbelievable.  The cast which includes future big screen movie stars are Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.  Sheen, Thompson, and Gray make-up part of the lackadaisial gurrela group who nickname themselves the Wolverines.  The group is led by Swayzw, who does a proficient job at leading them.  Though the acting is suppressed in some scenes, especially towards the end, it is rejuvenated during the battle scenes and emotionl ones.  The plot of the movie shows how the Wolverines fight back to quell the enemines, though they are sizable smaller than the behemoth invadiers.  The allusions made in the movie about Afghanistan give comparsion to present day Iraq.  Even with its outdated special effects the full extent of scenes are not tarnished and get the point across.  Overall it is a decent movie and is great for any war buff so I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars.
 Red Dawn is an unheralded epic that first debuted about two decades ago. It is a tale that follows a group of teenage boys who survided an attack in America by Russian and Cuban soldiers during the Cold War.  The behemoth armies destroyed towns in Colorado in which the young men lived.  Determined to avenge the lost of their family members and the destruction of their towns, the young men band together to form the 'Wolverines' and escape to the mountains of Colorado.  The 'Wolverines' engage in guerilla war with the nefarious foreing enemies and despite the aucity of men, are able to countervail and suppress the Russians.  John Milius, the director, creates an entertaining movie that appears to all people.  However, the movie is somewhat overdone and unrealistic.  A group of young boys, reallistically, could not have felled the Russian and Cuban armies single handedly.  The movie is also ingratiated with violence and therefore does not leave the viewer laconic.  Despite the exaggerations, Red Dawn is a tale that rejuvenates a sense of patriotism in all Americans.  It depicts young Americans fighting to protect our nation while confronting the evils of communism.  I would extol John Milius and the entire cast.
 The movie Red Dawn stars upcoming actors such as Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen.  The movie takes place in Colorado and starts off at the town's high school.  Russian forces construe an attack on the school and explode onto the scene with mass gunfire.  A group of guys escape (including Swayze and Sheen) and hide up in the mountains.  There they contradict ideas of survival and go through many adventures.  After being suppressed in the mountains for several months, the guys lead an attack on the Russians.  The town has been tarnished and the townspeople are lackadaisical; nothing is the same.  Red Dawn somewhat expresses the harsh realities of war, but in a lame and outdated way.  A group of high school boys fighting against an entire army to avenge the deaths of hundreds is not very realistic.  This movie earns a rating of three stars due to the poorness of the storyline and acting.  However, there were some strong points to Red Dawn, such as the behemoth of gunfights and other traits of a traditional action movie.
 Anyone wanting to understand why citizens of countries like Iraq and Afghanistan attack their "liberators needs to view this film. It does not justify its heroes, it explains them, and shows them "warts-&-all". The picture is brilliant from that perspective
 Oh the 80's. Reagan was in office and those evil Russian Communists from the Godless U.S.S.R. wanted to wipe us off the planet. This film has Patrick Swayzee and Charlie Sheen fighting off a Russian invasion in the American heartland. They are civilians, but they create a group of guerilla fighters that would do John Rambo proud. Hey even Rambo never drank blood! Anyway as far fetched as this movie may be, you have to remember that ever since Sputnik went up, there was always Russian hysteria up until the final moment the Soviet Union fell apart. For a nostalgic look at 80's life and political views, Red Dawn is a slice of Hollywood history.
 The movie is OK, filming quality was about par for the course, acting was a little wooden and the dialog and situations felt a little cheezy. Of course this is in retrospect using movies like Blackhawk Down and Saving Private Ryan as a benchmark and that just isnt fair. Having said that, I have seen this film 50+ times in its entirety and the several versions of it that are out there.  In these terrorist ridden times however, the film's ultimate irony is that the situation, and even the characters themselves are American transpositions of the very Mujhideen fighters we now lable as terrorists. Back during the 1980s the Mujhideen were so iconized by our society as heros fighting the good fight against the Soviet Juggernaut that a 'boodnguts' American director felt it was a small step between turning Muslims in Afghanistan to Christians in Colorado. Today the director of such a film would probably be interviewed by the FBI, and thrown in a prison brig when it turned out one of the technical advisors was actualy a Mujhideen veteran.  This film is not some chest-beating, American-flag waving film. It does not reak of the false patriotic sentiment so common now (Proud to be American (Since 9/11!))It is not so much about nations as it is about ideals, and today more than ever, the movie goes to show that oppression and evil can come in any shape and size, be it Taliban Muslims, or Soviet Athiests, or even American Christians. On the flip side it shows that people of any nation and creed can be 'the good guys' and 'innocent victems'. A lesson we'd best learn soon. The price of peace is eternal vigilance.
 I've been watching Cold War movies from this era and this is the worst of the bunch (The Day After, War Games, Testament,  Threads
 Red Dawn  is a epic tale of nefarious teenagers, who fell the pirah in there own backyard. These teenagers led by Jud (Harry Dean Stanton) the liberal high school quaterback avenged his family along with his friends attacked the soliders from the USSR and the Cuban's. They made the allusion to contradict with the reports that they were fighting and had not yet been restrained. With the intransigent insurgents not willing to give up without what they came for look harder to find the "Wolverines who were depleating their own troops. As the rejuvenated teens were gaining experience with the weapons the exacerbated and suppressed themselves to be full fledge fighters who made countervail attacks using the enemy's weapons. Till the end the proficient teens did not win with the paucity numbers they started with. They are duped with banter of being the unheralded hero's of WWIII.
 First of all, I received this DVD as a Xmas gift last month and I just got around to watching it today.  Red Dawn was one of my all time favorite war movies from the '80s.  I used to watch my old "taped from HBO version quite often.  Now the film is on DVD.  Piture quality is not bad in some scenes, but grainy and even sometimes at different light levels in others.  The biggest problem with the DVD release is the sound.  I mean the sound effects of the guns, especially of the hunting rifles that the Wolverines use sound so metallic and unrealistic due to their un-remastered digital transfer I assume.  Had the sound track been totally remastered and the picture remastered this could have been a really great nostalgic DVD release. Now for the movie itself.  Actually, I found some of the dialogue between the "bad guys very ironic with regards to the country's attitude post 9-11.  There was a conversation between Col Bella and a Russian commander in Calumet right before the Jennifer Grey character, Toni, went in and bombed the Soviet HQ that really hit home with current events.  It was actually spooky. It's just ashame that MGM continuously releases subpar DVDs.
  Red Dawn  made its debut in the latter days of the Cold War, and is reflective of the fears and anxieties as regards the Soviets that characterized the times.  For that reason, it was a controversial movie.  Liberals and Leftists detested  Red Dawn  while conservatives loved it. Red Dawn has its flaws.  The acting (other than by Patrick Swayze) is not first rate, and the storyline is somewhat murky.  On the other hand the special effects are pretty good, and the Soviet troops and equipment look authentically Soviet.  The basic premise, I thought, was very entertaining--the Soviet bloc makes an actual surprise attack and ground invasion of the United States, which it partially occupies. The local high school kids form a partisan resistance movement which is suprisingly successful and effective.  (Yes, this may be unrealistic, but who is to say?). While the acting is not brilliant, it is largely serviceable.  It is a fact that this movie is unabashedly anti-Soviet. I guess critics can always go see Warren Beatty in  Reds.    In the final analysis this film succeeds for the reason that any movie succeeds--it entertains.  It holds the viewer's interest.  The movie will always be an entertaining reminder of how dreadful the Cold War was, and how grateful we should be that it ended successfully.
 In RED DAWN, director John Milius presents a post apocalyptic vision of America that was current during the Reagan years.  This America lived in fear of a confrontation with the Evil Empire that many thought would go nuclear.  There is a nuclear exchange in this film, but Milius wisely presents it off screen instead choosing to portray a micro version of World War III right here in the Rockies. The film works on two levels.  The first one in the Rambo-like action duels between high school students led by a trio of future stars--Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, and Jennifer Gray--and a strange coalition of Russian, Cubans, and Nicaraguans troops. On this level, the acting is competent. The audience faces a series of armed confrontations between the students called Wolverines and the Russian-Cuban connection. There are many standout scenes with the first one at the beginning. A high school teacher is explaining the Mongol battle tactics of Genghis Khan when theory explodes into reality when Russian paratroopers drop literally into his lap with predictable tragic consequences. From this point, the viewer witnesses the action from both sides.  Swayze from the American side and Ron O'Neal as the surprisingly complex leader of the Cubans.  Each plays a cat and mouse game with their inevitable meeting not coming until the very end. Yet, beneath the action level, there is another symbolic level of allegory that more than a few critics have dismissed as right wing paranoia.  Milius draws on a long tradition of celluloid and literary appeal to the kind of patriotism that existed right up until the end of the Viet Nam war. In previous films of the John Wayne era, Americans had a duel level view of guns. They were part of America's frontier heritage by necessity but distanced from its urban heritage by legal fiat. In RED DAWN, Milius unabashedly proclaims that when the Bad Guys from Overseas land on our shores, it will be only firearms than can save our collective skins.  I have seen viewings of this movie in which the audience snickers loudly when American hostages sing patriotic songs just before the Russians execute them in a manner that surely brings to mind similar shootings that were then making the news from Afghanistan. Such singing did not seem funny to me at all. In fact the emotional resonance of that scene and a few others like that collectively suggest that when this nation may face a dawn of blood red, then the often mocked patriotism of the past will make a rapid resurgence.
 Red Dawn.  I like this movie. I recall seeing it in the mid 1980s. It struck a cord with me then as it does now.  Before I go onto review important aspects of the film
 Like your average late 20 something year old male, I do enjoy a good action movie.  There's something strangely appealing of the idea of the story's protagonist blasting their way through legions of cannon fodder with nothing more than an inexhaustible supply of bullets and their shear will to commit genocide.  Red Dawn famously holds the world record for 134 acts of violence per hour, and naturally satisfies my craving immensely.  The one thing I admire about Red Dawn is that it's not afraid of political correctness, bitch-slapping  it with an American flag wrapped around a baseball bat.  The whole story plays out like a paranoid manifesto of a far right-wing conspiracy theorist with several gunmen short of a grassy knoll.  It's the near future (From their point of time) and World War 3 has broken out between the Soviet Block on one hand, and the United States on the other.  A group of average American high school students are caught in the cross fire and must fight to survive when their small country town is occupied by the invaders.  Although I'm not one to criticise American jingoism - As an Australian, I believe every country in the world is allowed to toot their own horn - There are parts where the patriotism goes so far overboard that it ends up on the other side of the boat.  I really don't care about American Patriotism, because it's an American Movie made for an American Audience.  They can do what ever they want.  The problem I have with this is that there's too much patriotism in this movie to the point where it starts eating up the scenery.  The story is also a big fat fail, on account that there is none; Just the Soviet Union invades the US.  If you look at the movie, all it really is, is just a bunch of events all pasted together with very little to connect them.  There's no over all goal other than 'Let's Kill as Many Communists as we Can and Survive.'  I know this movie was supposed to be a homage to WW2 resistance fighters, but if you're going to go as far as this movie went, at least be creative.  The characters themselves also come across as cluttered.  We are given a random bunch of teens, thrown in together by the outbreak of war but they don't work.  This is where the movie losses some of it's shine.  You have at least eight characters all buying for screen time, all trying to look important that I often lost track of who was what, and why they were crying for this person, who had a love interest and why was he a traitor.  Red Dawn tried to come across as a drama, action, comedy, and soap opera all in one, and the end result is schizophrenic.  Too many chefs spoil the brew literally comes to mind with with movie.  If there's one saving grace in this film, it's the action.  It's freak'n fantastic.  Reminiscent of those 80's ear action flicks, it's nail biting, intense, on-the-edge-of-your-seat fun.  When the movie ratchets up the action, it keeps you entertained and since this IS an action movie, well, you can't blame the movie for not doing what it set out to do.  I'd like to finish of this review by visiting that age old comment that this film demonizes  the Russians.  BS!  That people, is being hypocritical!  Why can't the Soviet Union be the bad guys?  It's like saying, "It's okay for you to be the bad guy but it's not okay for me to be the bad guy!  Have you ever noticed that nobody cries BOO, when the Nazi's are being shot up?  It's okay to demonizes Nazi Germany, but it's not okay to demonizes Soviet Russia?  Both nations where dictatorships and both were into the habits of brutally suppressing people; People from Poland, Hungary, and the Baltic states really don't have anything nice to say about the USSR.  It's not the Russian's that are being demonized here guys, it's the Russian Government.  Just as the German government is being demonized and not the Germans.  Finally, to wrap it all up, I'd like to summarise the movie in once sentence.  Red Dawn is a good watch for an action movie but fails when it tries to be a story movie.
 Instead of concentraing on the film and it's content, I want to talk about the way MGM poorly treated this film on DVD.  First is the transfer. I don't know about anyone else, but the picture was very dark in the day sequences. The film looks actually better when it plays on cable. Also the film was very grainy in some spots. MGM has somewhat improved over the years in presenting their films, but this one needs a serious remastering. The audio on the other hand was quite good.  Another missed opportunity was in the supplementary material. I would love to have had a commentary by John Milius and or the cast. Maybe even a updated documentay with the cast, director, producers and writers on their reflections of the film. Are they embarrased by it? From what I can recall(I was 13 when the film was released)the film was a hit at the box office.  As far as the film goes it was entertaining. You can't help but feels chills when watching some scenes, like the interrogation of the Russian soldier. It definitely reflects some of what's going on in the news today with the War in Iraq.  I hope MGM revisits this film and gives it a proper update. Red Dawn deserves it.
 That's the whole point.  The USSR could never have launched an airborne invasion of Colorado.  Sure, it's a dumb idea.  That's why it's a fun movie -- assuming you like war movies (and if you don't like war movies, you shouldn't be reading this review).  A friend of mine who used to be an intelligence officer in a U.S. Army tank battalion loves watching Red Dawn, just to try and identify all the Soviet equipment. It's accurate enough for an action film, even down to the tactics the guerillas use.  (Yes, boys from rural America really do have access to firearms, and they know how to hunt and track.  That was true in 1984, and it's still true today.)  Often overlooked are fine performances by Harry Dean Stanton and Powers Booth.  However, more than anything, Red Dawn is an artifact of a time when the world was eye-to-eye with the Evil Empire. If you came of age during the 1980s, this film is redolent with Reagan-era memories, both good and bad.  For heaven's sake, just don't take it seriously -- and that goes for both left- and right-wing viewers.
 Synopsis
 **Contains NO story spoilers.** --This review is for Death Note vol. 7. My husband and I have loved watching this series, and have impulsively bought the next dvd, and then the next dvd, without caring how much money we had left in our bank account because this show was so addicting... and we are finally caught up waiting for December 30th for the next volume.  Hard to wait!  We went through the available dvd's really fast. It's a great series, but it has dipped on this volume... Let me explain.  I browsed through the other reviews and was absolutely stunned that NO reviewer has mentioned, (or maybe they all didn't notice?), the one main thing that jostled my like for this late turn of events on this volume 7
 The pacing at the start of this anime is fantastic.  The story is interesting.  I'd give the first half of this anime five stars.  Then things just start to get dumb.  It really should have ended with the showdown between the two main antagonists in the first half of the series.
 Did anyone else find it extremely ironic that a huge picture of Near graces the top of the packaging for the Mello figurine? It's easily 3 times as large as poor Mello. Given the relationship between Near and Mello in the series, I can only assume that the manufacturers were feeling particularly sadistic that day.  Perhaps, in the spirit of things, we should have Light's giant face featured on the packaging for L's figurine.
 DEATHNOTE WAS GREAT UNTIL L DIED. THE SERIES SHOULD HAVE ENDED WITH LIGHT WINNING. AT LEAST THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THAT THE CRAP DUO THAT IS MELLOW AND NEAR.
 This movie is okay. Its low budget, but the story line is great! I would rent it first before I buy it. Its based on a true story!
 This item was delivered on time and in excellent condition. The actress who played Carmen was exciting and dangerous - just like the "carmen character is supposed to be. I think she was the most interseting character in the movie.
 For me, the thing that makes a documentary enjoyable is a.) Is the information new and engaging? and b.) Is it presented in a coherent and even-flowing fashion? On the first point, THE LOST BOYS OF SUDAN delivers. We get to hear about the little known religious war in Sudan that killed (and continues to kill) millions of people. Most of those that were murdered (let's call it what it is) were adults. And left behind are their children who flee to refugee camps. Tens of thousands of children made it to these tent cities where they've grown up or died. But a few of them are lucky enough to get access to America, and fly into Houston to become U.S. citizens. This documentary follows the lives of two of THE LOST BOYS and we get to see how leaving their native lands affects them, and how American culture clashes but ultimately enfolds them. Great information.  On point "b", though, the film gets a serious thumbs down. The editing was terrible, a patchwork quilt of events rather than a concise look at these boys' lives. The information was just too broad. They show us their struggle with grades, language, driving, sports, living together, paying rent, jobs, trying to find girlfriends, etc., etc., etc. I would've liked to have seen them focus on a select few items and get us into the microcosm of these issues. For instance, I would've enjoyed learning more about their struggles to get into schools while working at the same time. But all we get is one basic phone call that one of the boy's makes where he talks to family about this issue ...and that's it. We don't hear anymore about it. There were other instances in the film where similar things occurred, too (subjects brought up and then suddenly dropped.)  But even with these problems, the documentary is interesting and informative.  For truly excellent documentaries, though, try DARK DAYS or BORN INTO BROTHELS.
 This film provides a great informational tool about the struggles and opportunities of refugees trying to make it on their own in a new place. As a history teacher, I am excited to show this to my class to demonstrate assimilation and acculturization. My one problem, and this is a big problem, is that a great deal of the subtitles go way off of the TV. This made seeing what they were saying difficult. I couldn't even see the information at the end. I have a pretty big TV, so I'm sure that this might be a persistent problem. Also, the deleted scenes have no subtitles. But all in all, this is a great glimpse of their lives. The most eye-opening is the tension between African Americans and the Africans. Ironically, the boys from Africa got along better with their white friends than the African Americans. Also interesting is the "help the church tried to give. They keep delivering all of this furniture to the boys' tiny apartment, yet the lady from the church (who looks just like actress Shelly Long) virtually ignores their pleas for help in finding jobs and educational opportunities. She walks away from them and says "They're angry The selection of programs didn't fit the title.  Only three of the programs involved Christmas and a couple weren't worth the time to watch. On the good side, the product was received in excellent condition and played without difficulty.
 Though it lagged in some episodes, Smallville in its whole is representative of nearly 80 years of testament to the human spirit. Equality, government, immigration, sharing of knowledge and technology - you name it, it has graced Superman-based anything through the character's life. Smallville was to be the story that was never told - what happened to change Clark Kent to the Man of Steel.  Despite episodic lag, Smallville grew into a heavy head of steam during seasons eight and nine. And we knew what it was leading up to
 Let me start off by saying when for the first four seasons, Smallville was my favorite show. It was still in my top five until season 8. And to my surprise, I still liked it after Lex left. But by season 9, it had run out of steam... and they just kept right on going. And that gets my goat a little. Most of this season seems like filler for the finale. I watched this season to see Clark become Superman. But that last episode is mostly Lois and Clark deciding if they are going to get married or not. Like some cheesy romance show. It's like they forgot who the original audience for the show was - largely young males. Then, to top it off, you don't even really get a good look at Welling as Superman. I personally felt robbed. I think the original integrity of the show was sacrificed in this so-so season.  On the plus side, though, It looks and sound great. The 1080p transfer looks better than a lot of TV shows I've seen on Blu Ray.  Welling and the other producers just should have known when to quit.
 There were some problems in the wrapping up of the series, but still this season was better than whole Doomsday arc they had prior.  I have a few complaints though.  I'll be a bit vague to prevent spoiling anything.  1) I have no idea what the heck was going on with Alison Mack.  They kept putting her in and taking her out of the credits which would be fine if they did that with all involved, but seems to be short changing her by not having her properly there every time.  2) Kristin Kreuk only appear via flash back.  3) The solutions for Lex Luthor and Jimmy Olsen are lame.  4) The mirror box arc was mostly good, but some of the Dark Seid solutions, not so much.  I'd say that overall it was good enough, but I felt there was enough missing to make it not as satisfying as I hoped.
 My favorite episodes of Smallville were when they introduced other superhero characters.  So I LOVED the beginning part of this season where they had a bunch of different superheroes.  But at the end?  Clark adopts "superboy and when Clark disappears for 3 weeks, no mention of Superboy.  The same with the Wedding (that did not happen).  No superheros show up to see their best friend get married?  Come on?  What a let down.  As for budgeting, the budgeting constraints were very obvious in the 2nd half of this season.  Very low budget.  If you watched this show all of the way through, you are going to buy the tenth season no matter what.  For me, from what was being said at the beginning of the season, and the quality of the first half of the tenth season, I was disappointed in the second half of the tenth season.
 final season was so- so. the best seasons was 1-7, than after that was so-so, and smallville didn't go out on a high note
 Let me start off by saying that I have been a DIEHARD Smallville fan since its inception in 2001. Although I have thoroughly enjoyed each season, season 10 is definitely the weakest of the series.  One of the problems of this season is that they take DC's greatest villain Darkseid and reduce him to a "smokey afterthought. Smallville has always done a great job of integrating villains from the comics and putting their own little twist on it to fit a CW budget but Darkseid fails to make the cut considerably. Lex Luthor, Brainiac, Zod, and even Doomsday have all been transfered from the comic book pages onto the TV screen with great results but Darkseid literary makes an appearance for like 10 seconds in a total of 22 episodes. There is so much untapped potential with the Darkseid character which ultimately makes this season disappointing. Another disappointing element to this season is the sub plot of Oliver Queen revealing his identity to the world. This contributes nothing to the overall plot arch and what makes it worse is that it was directly ripped off from the movie Iron Man. The introduction of Cat Grant leading the opposition against the superheroes is pointless as well. Her character is annoying, irritating, and contributes little to the season. They should have used the hot Cat Grant from season 8 and perhaps introduce an interesting little love triangle when Lois Lane leaves for Egypt. Like I said, most of this season has so much untapped potential. Another disappointing element of the season is the return of Chloe. Chloe is one of Smallville's most popular characters and her return is shoddy at best. The episode "Collateral which introduces her return and is a rip-off of the Matrix is perhaps one of the worst episodes of the series. Other elements of the season such as the Vigilante Registration Act, The Suicide Squad, and the government's involvement of superheroes is shoddy, contrived, cheesy and unsubstantial at best. The episode Fortune which blatantly imitates the Hangover movies all but exemplifies the problem of this season in that it borrows from all sorts of popular movies and in the process loses its identity as a great Superman show. Also, Clark Kent decides to shed the Black trenchcoat and wear a Michael Jackson inspired "Thriller jacket to reflect his growing optimism and hope necessary to become the Man of Steel. Unfortunately the new costume is very very cheesy. He would have probably been better off he kept the Black Trenchcoat untill he becomes the Man of Steel.   Despite the disappointing nature of season 10, The series finale blew me away. I have to say the Series Finale is the best series Finale of any television show EVER! They did a perfect job of wrapping up 10 seasons of great memories while leading the groundwork for his role as Superman. I was absolutely shocked at the quality of the final episode especially since the rest of the season was mediocre. Other highlights include the season premiere as well as the 200th episode "Homecoming which are some of the top episodes in the series. Overall, If you watched all of the other seasons and enjoyed them I strongly recommend you pick up the Final season to see how it all ends. The package is a mixed bag but the resounding conclusion will more than make up for it!
 It shipped fast but product was cheap looking. The box never closed properly. Probably won't buy from this place again.
 After hating season 9, I was hoping 10 would make up for it.  It didn't.  It was ok, but not enough to make up for the rest.  Wishing now I had never bought ANY of the seasons.
 Without including spoilers, I would like to say that this was a great series in the Superman mythology.  I really appreciated the time taken to research the history of the story and come  up with compelling, updated story lines. This season, the writing staff seemed to know where they wanted to go, a wedding between Clark and Lois. As a viewer, this was pathetic.  It had been done before at least 3 times in the series and this particular wedding was the most boring of them all.  The final episode was VERY self-indulgent through a boring montage of past episodes and didn't address some of the most interesting plot-lines. What happened to LANA?!?! This box set is actually pretty good, however.  The season in entirety is very well done. I'm not sad I watched it because I have enjoyed the series so much.  I'm just left with a disappointed taste in my mouth from the conclusion episode.
 This movie is okay. Its low budget, but the story line is great! I would rent it first before I buy it. Its based on a true story!
 I'm raising my twin grandsons who will soon be three and we own just about every "Thomas The Train DVD out. I had been waiting for several months for the release of "Misty Island Rescue, with full understanding that, unlike the old offerings, this would be 100% animation. The actual DVD is of decent quality, however, the storyline is as strange as it can get. THIS IS A RATHER DARK FEELING DVD,(not quite Tim Burton, but headed in that direction). By that I mean it lacks the warmth I generally associate with Thomas stories throughout the years. Aside from several familiar characters, it doesn't even feel like it's taking place in Sodor. (A real twist, when you discover that Misty Island and Sodor are actually, but confusingly connected.)  If I had to come up with one word to describe this particular Thomas The Train DVD, it would have to be "WEIRD!!! This is confirmed by Twins who don't want to view it again. Mind you, they always watch every one of the other DVD's again and again and again. Sorry to say, they clearly don't care for this offering.  I rated this a "3 out of 5, only because the over animation is good. It certainly wasn't what I thought it would be.
 This is not a bad story, but it drags.  It could easily fit into half an hour and be more enjoyable.  There are some nice moments of friendship and good values, my son really likes Cranky the Crane and Whiff, and I do like the new animation and the way the characters do more of their own dialog than the old style-- it develops the characters well.  However, there were too many repetitions of Thomas's "I make good decisions mantra, too long spent dithering around on Misty Island with creepy/kooky Bash and Dash, and too many truly suspenseful/dangerous situations, which all combined to make my 2yo son simultaneously anxious and bored.  Not what I hope for when I pop in a Thomas movie!  Perhaps for an older child it would be more engaging, and we'll stick to the shorter classic episodes until he's ready for longer movies.  I'm glad I tried the Amazon video on demand version before buying it, that's a great way to preview without the expense and cutter of owning yet another movie that won't get watched.
 My 3 year old fell in love with Thomas after watching some of the television episodes.  We soon discovered a big difference in the older (filmed model) episodes and the animated episodes
 I don't know how to explain it, but my children LOVE this movie.  Maybe it's that Thomas is so obviously steaming in the wrong direction, making mistakes and being prideful, but it works on a level that gets through to kids.  My son got the movie and wooden Bash, Dash, and Ferdinand as a birthday present.  The whole family has watched it.  Torture for adults to watch, but the little ones LOVE it.
 In the first 10 minutes or so, there is a scary scene where Diesel is about to fall into the water because the track is broken. My 3-year old screamed for me to turn it off, which I finally talked him into seeing the rest by assuring him that Thomas would save the day (which he did). Anyway, this is a pretty long and scary scene for the 2-3 year olds, so be aware and set expectations early.  I could not agree more with the previous reviewer that the new characters are quite annoying ("That's right"). They don't add much to the story other than proving that Thomas isn't always right (they run on oil, which Thomas isn't familiar with).  I actually bought this movie because 1) my son loves Thomas 2) it was advertised on YouTube 3) the song is catchy and enjoyable, but it isn't played until the credits roll at the end.  I do love that they have taken the old Thomas TV shows and made the trains' faces and the people animated now. This movie does include this upgraded feature, which is a plus.  However, my 3-year old has not wanted to watch the movie again, which is disappointing since I paid to own the DVD instead of just renting it for 1 viewing.
 This DVD is ok. I agree with the other shoppers that Hero of the Rails was much better. The only thing that I liked about this one is that its a full lenght movie, better for car long rides that the shorter episodes DVDs.
 This installment of the new Thomas CGI character versions was just OK. Its the storyline and writing that's not great, like they really rushed the script through to capitalize on Hero of the Rails and get extra product out in time for Xmas. Its clear that HIT entertainment is fully and completely out for the buck like Disney, exploiting whatever life is left in this franchise.  That's the adult view.  The kids view? My son still loves it and its taken over the #1 spot on the blu ray player. Its all about the characters for him.
 Finally - the long awaited completion to the Ryo Ohki OVA collection is available! GREAT! Now I get to watch it from beginning to end as it was intended.  ...or so I thought...  First off, the different voices for Lady Tokimi, Tenchi, Ryoko, Nobuyuki, and Mihoshi really throws off the enjoyment of the story after watching it back to back with the original 13 OVA episodes. If I had spaced it out, it might not be as jarring. But, there it is. And to be honest, only Ryoko's and Tokimi's voice actress' had changed. The others are just out of practice I guess... And after a while, they seem to find their spot again.  I just can't get over Mihoshi now sounding like Sugar (from Snow Fairy Sugar) instead of Mihoshi. She falls back into Mihoshi better as the series progresses, but tends to go back and forth. The voices of the guardians, Washu, Sasami, and Ayeka, were of course, spot on.  The first 30 minutes is mostly recaps from the first 13 episodes. Almost no new material here worth speaking of, other than the introduction of a couple of new characters.  Also starting about 30 minutes in the DD 5.1 audio track contains dirty audio causing the LFE to oscillate. This is mostly noticeable in the quieter dialogue scenes. Speaking of audio - at least on the 5.1 track, I can't say on the others, some of the voices echo for no reason as if the recording studio wasn't properly deadened, or the mix wasn't done properly. This happens more on the surround channels than the front field channels.  Disk 2 doesn't seem to have these audio problems. In fact, regarding disk 2, the only complaints I have are that the story line reminded me a lot of Evangellion Death and Rebirth. Without giving away any spoilers, I wont say more. 
 My 2 year old and I first sited the Wiggles on You Tube!  I immediately went online to buy DVD's with our favorite songs.  After reviewing several we found this one sub-par.  My DD just is not interested in the "live performance ones.  The Wiggles are sometimes far away and employed in the performances (fun in person I'm sure) are little fun skit things as they do on their regular TV show (like let's find Jeff, etc) whereas my DD only had the patience to watch the singing.  If you LOVE Wiggles check out POP GO THE WIGGLES and Wiggles Nursery Rhymes.  Both of those are song after song in a studio.  They are newer releases and really keep the kids entertained.
 A good-hearted Punjabi simpleton (played by Akshay Kumar), who's a fish out of water in a Western country, falls in love with a Westernized Indian girl (Katrina Kaif) and helps her prepare for her wedding to the wrong guy while hoping she'll realize he's Mr. Right. Sound familiar? Re-treading the same story from Namastey London (2007), with the same lead actors, is almost as much fun as the first go-around, but while Kaif sparkled before, her character this time is flat and underdeveloped. Nonetheless, this action comedy delivers plenty of thrills and laughs, and Kumar--the hardest working man in Bollywood--displays an energy that's borderline manic. His character's stupidity makes him fearless and his frankness endearing, even to criminals, and he bumbles his way into heading a Punjabi mob in Australia--and his touching modesty and selflessness redefine what "king means. American rapper Snoop Dogg has a cameo in the film performing the title song, marking the first time a mainstream U.S. artist has performed on a Bollywood soundtrack. - The Bollywood Ticket
 Cut to the chase, this movie doesn't know whether it wants to be 'Stand By Me', ET, or Aliens. Rented the blu ray last night.  Bottom line for me, it that it lacks the soul of Stand by Me or the sheer terror of Aliens.  No real explanation for the magnetic powers of the alien stuck on this planet.  The ending is brought to its denouement in the final 2 minutes, the first of which is that all humans, the kids, are not bad,  the second is the military gives up and bye bye alien.  I give it a 5 out of 10. However, both the video and audio were excellent with critical detail found in the black and shadows and reasonable use of surrounds.  The well trailered train wreck was just great.  While it is the quality of the disc I am most interested in before purchasing, I buy only decent storylines and what I consider good movies and I was terribly disappointed in this one as were the 3 others watching with me. Hopefully, this review has been of help and, if so, please check the 'Helpful' button so I know I am on the correct path with my reviews for you. Thanks. steve
 Not bad.  A zombie movie wrapped in an alien movie.  The plot line was a little corny at times and the subplot was kind of predictable, but in all, it was pretty well done.
 A vastly overrated outing from both overrated director J.J. Abrams and has-been Steven Spielberg, this film has gotten about 95% of its success on those two names alone. Therefore, for the sake of a non-bias review for yourself, simply forget (as hard as it may be for the average American), FORGET that this movie has any connection whatsoever with J.J. and Ol' Steve. Take the film for its own right, and you'll see that this is perhaps the most overrated film of 2011. If you remember the teaser trailers leading up to its release, you'd say they were vastly vague, and revealed almost nothing except for creepy music and a lot of darkness. There is a reason for this, it was an attempt to create a buzz for this film because the filmmakers knew they had nothing to really work with. Any other type of trailer would've simply revealed every details about the movie in a matter of 2 minutes. Because, honestly, that's all the time you need to reveal every plot device this film actually offers.  The film stars a group of no-name teenage actors who are growing up in the late 1970's, they all are in the middle of creating a low-budget zombie film when a train station scene changes their lives (at least for a few days), when they witness and come head on with a giant train crash, holding an alien that the military is trying to keep under wraps. The teens escape with this knowledge and are then pursued by said military... the film basically delves into a continuous desperate attempt to try and create characters who we really never end up truly caring about, and a plot that drones on, stretching for suspense but never achieving any of it. Later on after a semi-climactic (not really) final scene, the aliens escape and we really never get to know what happens to all the kids as the movie just ends.  The biggest problem with this film is that J.J. and Spielberg try to take various elements that would equate to a heart-warming movie - middle schoolers, puppy love, a simpler time and generation (1979), quiet mid-western town, etc - and try to toss in a strange antagonist (aliens) to mix things up, but never actually using any of these attributes to do anything worthwhile. What Spielberg and J.J. seem to forget is that these elements alone will not create an enjoyable film, you need a good script to do that, not to also mention better actors. In other words, while it was cute to get no-name teenage actors to feel more realistic instead of hiring Lindsay Lohan and the cast of High School Musical, they don't put on performances that really break any ground. They play their parts well enough, but never hold any chemistry or magic, many times when even given the opportunity simply act as wooden slabs, displaying forced puppy love crushes and social tension. It just never works, it's hardly ever believable. Sure they're cute and the "pretty girl definitely can pull of the "mystery girl with a heart-melting smile well, these things are all ruined by forced monologues of things that are never touched upon in any way during the film except for the part when the kids are just TELLING us. An example being one drawn out monologue with said pretty girl going on about some memory of her childhood while watching a film in a dark room with the kid who's going ga-ga over her... her forced tears don't fool anyone, I don't care what Spielberg says in the featurettes, it's boring and useless, does nothing to enhance her character or do we see any of these elements of what she's actually TALKING ABOUT during her monologue as all these kids (except for the main protagonist boy) don't even seem to have any parents! To put it another way, don't have a character talk about things in her life she does or does not like, have her cry over it, stretch to make it dramatic (even though it isn't because her character isn't built up well enough prior for us to care), and then NOT have these things she's talking about be seen in any way whatsoever throughout the movie. Another minus being the military/airforce/whatever who is trying to keep the Area 51 alien under wraps. Of course they fail, but even though the aliens themselves are supposed to be the the villains, so are the military. The issue here is that the aliens do not make themselves well known enough for us to be scared of them, dislike them, or desire to see them die for being the villains - they just aren't written in the film well enough at all except for just a few scenes of "rarr! be scared! I'm the alien! The bad guy in the movie! rarrr!! Sorry, but that just isn't enough. Moreover, the military/airforce guys are too nice. They don't do anything that makes us dislike them or see any reason whatsoever why we should even be rooting for these obnoxious kids. Hence, we don't. So there really don't feel to be any "bad guys in the film. To just make one last point, the time era the film takes place in also is near unbelievable. Sure it's 1979, and things aren't THAT much different than they are now, given a suburb, but the point just isn't made well enough, and I can't tell whether it's because of bad props or just not enough atmosphere helping me to really believe this really is 1979. A film like "Born on the Fourth of July with Tom Cruise from the late 80s made the 60's FEEL like the 60's, as does the recent hit "The Help, as well as "Forest Gump. These films highlight their time era, thus making it more believable, and in a way making the characters more genuine and likable. What only adds to this problem is the way the kids in the movie speak. They don't SPEAK like kids who grew up in the 1970s, or act correctly in terms of body language; rather, they speak way too modern, all carry a sort of sarcastic and tongue-in-cheek attitude you'd expect from a kid growing up in the 2000's. Obviously Abrams is too young to even know how children acted in the 70s. Perhaps Spielberg could've written or directed a bit of this film, at least he has some experience during this time as it was when he created some of his most classic films. Spielberg and Abrams like to boast about how this film is done to pay "homage to old sci-fi thrillers of the past. Besides E.T., I honestly don't think anyone really cares. I mean, who has even seen these old 50's movies besides die-hard movie buffs themselves who are forking over about 1% of all this film's earnings? You want to pay homage? Fine. But at the very least make a GOOD movie with a GOOD script. Anyway, aside from the lack of characterization, the plot goes nowhere as the military scenes involving the guys trying to cover the whole thing up are never interesting, and there are never any plot twists among any of the characters, but things just play out exactly as you'd expect them to throughout the movie. The ending just, well, ends. I actually remember fighting to not fall asleep during the the last half hour of the film.  One reviewer states that this feels more like a big-budget Disney film, which is very true. This movie seems to want to impress adults by incorporating "childhood charm, but does none of it, especially not with that dumb alien storyline always getting in the way. This movie simply feels like a big-budget film that could've just been premiered on Disney XD. This one may have been intended for all ages, but adults simply won't feel any charm whatsoever, and neither will teenagers, although they may enjoy seeing peers their age argue, sometimes. Maybe, but I'm just chancing it.  Spielberg has not made a decent film in years. Minority Report, though containing a great story and special effects, lacked good direction. There weren't very many thrilling scenes throughout it. Although it still worked mostly because it contained a good story. J.J. Abrams has got to be the most overrated director alive today, and only seems to do well simply because American audiences fall so easily for big-budget films with very little substance. While Star Trek made a good film, it did contain a good number of flaws, namely, a lame and boring enemy.... which is the same we get in Super 8. J.J. also can get a good word in by legendary directors, thus people simply fork up the money and say they enjoyed the film because they can't see past a special effects show with substandard characterization and a predictable script.  While Super 8 wasn't terrible, it was definitely overrated, and just comes off as your average run-of-the-mill alien flick starring some kids who you won't ever remember again. The campaign for this film did lots to draw people in, considering all the mysterious teaser trailers that made this film almost feel like the most mysterious and epic alien-lands-on-earth film ever. It would be nice to actually, then, you know, make the aliens have some REAL interaction. I'd say rent, don't buy.  Technical Stuff
 Engaging when focusing on the kids and their growth and understanding with the complexities of the adult world. Less so when it was an action movie (most of the last half).  Not just nostalgic for a way of life, but for a kind of filmmaking, one that put story over spectacle. Which is ironic, since it's the spectacle that prevents Super 8 from being a classic.
 I haven't been particularly wound up in the films of Spielberg.  "Jaws was fantastic.  He often repeats himself a bit too closely and when another director follows his lead, the results could be disastrous.  This film wasn't as bad as some people have been led to think.  They're married to the style and overly involved in a type of movie that by now leads to repetition and cliche.  For those of us not buried in this genre, the film has its good points. The kids played their parts quite well, for the main part.  The girl was outstanding. The last shots near the end of the film made the kids look ten years older and that didn't work out at all.  The music was strictly by the numbers but it's exhilirating to hear a full orchestra.  There were no real themes or development.  I personally stopped caring about the monster somewhere midway in the film. The situation and the drama are aimed directly at the audience, as if, somehow, somebody had rated each scene according to saleability and then strung them together. The tricks have been done before in other films but then again so have the Sherlock Holmes films or the Thin Man series, or Star Trek...The list is enormous.  There's nothing inherently bad in repeating success.  Hollywood has been doing it for over a hundred years.  When the repetition is ham-fisted, though, it does become quite annoying and this was ham-fisted all right.  However the film does fly by, there are no "dead moments until the saccharine ending which aims at the heartstrings but reaches the bile of the viewer instead.  Anyone could have organized a more efficient ending. I did enjoy most of the film, though, and the production values helped it out in a big way.  Curtis Stotlar
 We have all seen this movie before and Goonies did it better. This movie was a yawner to me because I felt as if I had already seen it before many of times. The formula is just too familiar. What made it so funny while watching the movie in the theater for the first time, I imagined one of the kids calling one of the older characters "Old Man blah blah blah. Well about 10 minutes later, one of the kids was referring to the older character as "Old man blah blah blah. They have to stop making this movie.
 I was expecting more out of this film by the minds that created the film, but I was dissappointed. It was missing something and it ended to quick. Although it is a pretty neat sci-fi story thats never been done.
 This is a better than average timewaster. The train wreck scene is very intense, nicely done.The kid acting was good, reminded me of the Little Rascal movies. Not a great movie, maybe worth the $4 SD or $5 HD viewing fee.
 Well, this movie was OK, there were lots of flaws to this one.  First off, there is this new trend in movie-making to have this atrocious bigger-than-life sound to it and as a result the volume is either too loud or too low, this movie fails because of this flaw, the sound is just awful, noisy, busy, and tiresome.  Next, the lighting was also just plain awful, very dark to the point of distraction, you will wind up just wanting it to be over already.  Another annoying thing that Mr. Abrams tried, and failed at, was trying to create realistic dialog with the character talking over each other and lots busy stuff going on in every single tiresome scene and it just fails. I think that this is because the film had so little ground to cover in what seemed like a very long time...yawn...  What was good about this movie were the kids, I mean, the movie that they made in the film, it was pretty good...  My suggestion? Don't expect a Spielberg experience from this movie...
 I didn't know much about Super 8 going in - other than it was directed by JJ Abrams. It was a fun film, and there were great performances by the child actors. Def. worth a watch.
 I must be getting too old to watch Steven Speilburg. Maybe he is no longer the filmmaker he once was. I enjoyed this movie, and I was rooting for it, but in the end it was just a light snack, not a great meal. The actors were very good, even the youngest ones, the filming was very skillful, but I didn't get caught up in the story like I did once upon a time, when Speilburg and I were in our prime. There wasn't any magic. I don't mean a story about magic, I mean the magic in the story that makes you believe that it is real, makes you one with the actors, makes you forget that you have a life waiting for you when the story ends.  I began to tire at the first big scene, when the train accident happened. It was too fantastical, wildly unrealistic. The rest of the story felt contrived. I can recommend this for an evening's entertainment. I just can't get excited about it. And that leaves me a little bit sad.
 It's Spielberg, therefore we can expect ... - Aliens (good. misunderstood) - Children (wise, funny) - Suspense (masterful, intriguing) - Military (bad, always bad)  I liked the first 2/3 of the movie better than the last 1/3.  A bit corny at the end, IMHO. Also, the CGI train crash was not very realistic -- too cartoonish!  Spielberg purposely introduced a lot of blue glare lines and occasional spots & smudges on the lens (not the Super-8, but the big film cameras). I'm sure it was done as an after-effect to give the audience a sense of what filming was like during the Super-8 days, but frankly it was annoying!  If it showed up only on the brief Super-8 footage, it would have made more sense, but not on the high definition quality cameras used for most of the movie.  Enough with the blue lines across the screen already!!  Perhaps this is explained in the special features, but I hadn't gotten to those yet.
 If I was 8 or ten maybe this would be better. I feel a movie filmed mostly in the dark is done so they save money. Much of the time one does not know what is going on and can barely see the alien in any of the shots. How this is so highly rated is beyond me. Do American audiences expect so little? At least it did not have the usual bathroom humor or scenes of urination. I think this movie was weak if one compares it to other Spielberg films. He has rather insulted his abilities with this film. Compare it to E.T. or Stand By Me. I heard so much hype about this movie I really looked forward to watching. Now I am just disappointed. Glad I didn't spend a ticket price at the theatre. Definitely not a the producers best. I rented it from Amazon for only $1.99 which is all it is worth. Sorry folks. They should try again. Mr. Spielberg, you are worthy of so much more. Even the special effects are just copies of other recent movies that rely on cars and trucks flying through the air and/or blowing up. Really dumb...suspence....only about when was it going to end.
 This is a reasonably entertaining film.  Its strong point is the acting of the young actors.  Many times actors under the age of around 15 simply cannot act; they mouth their lines pertly enough, but at the end of the day they are not convincing as characters.  These young actors can actually act, and seem like real people caught up in a real situation.  The plot kind of meanders along with the trademark Spielberg plot of an extraterrestrial situation that the bad US Government agents are trying to ruthlessly cover up.  We've seen it before.  I kept waiting for the kids to ride their bikes into the sky.  And that spaceship, I think I saw it somewhere before in a Richard Dreyfus film.  The sub-plot of the fathers who are dealing with grief, albeit unsuccessfully, in different ways is carried off well, and some viewers will find this more interesting than the countless crashes, smash ups, etc. that relentlessly punctuate this film.  An enjoyable family film.  RJB.
 This film is an obvious homage to the early films of Steven Spielberg, with JJ Abrams particular take
 I would have given this movie 5 stars if it hadn't been so dark in parts that I couldn't see what was happening.  The story and the characters are good, and I liked seeing Elle Fanning in it.  I had a hard time following the story line in some parts, and it's not very clear to me why the creature had to destroy the town and so many people. I know it just wanted to go home, but the destruction didn't make a lot of sense.  Maybe if I see it again, I'll pick up more.  It is interesting and it makes you want to find out what happens to the kids, but when they are in the cave (or whatever that place is) it get confusing, which is something of a disappointment.  But I will watch it again and see if I can "get it.  The actors are all good in their respective roles, but the plot is just sort of.. meh.  Oh yea, and I liked Kyle Chandler in this, too. It was nice to see him again.  Joel Courtney in the lead was really engaging, too.  I would say that the actors deserve 5 stars, if only it weren't for the confusing plot.
 Very simple predictable plot, well acted but that's about it. If you like Spielberg's work you will probably enjoy this one. But I wish I hadn't wasted two hours on this one.
 Great combo of danger, shoot 'em up, explosion and... heart. Perfect Abrams/Speilburg combo. The playback was rough toward the end.
 This movie makes you think especially if you like continuity problems.  I expected perfection from Abrams and Spielberg.  You can sit back, like in Mystery Science Theater 3000, and criticize for a couple of hours with little rest.  If these numerous minor problems are overlooked it is enjoyable.  Be forewarned, the audio is very low but the action scenes are extremely loud so be prepared.
 The review from Amazon.com was spot on. The movie tries to hard to seem like it was filmed in 1979, put a filter over the camera lens for goodness sake enough with the glare. The kids in the film do a good job of acting however the generic "fat kid gets annoying after a while. The story is pretty basic, alien escapes train wreck and tries to leave earth. Don't expect to see much of the alien creature, i would say 5 minutes of screen time tops, but the overall special effects are great and are done by Spielberg buddy ILM. If you want to watch a movie that makes you think of late 70's early 80's sci-fi then this is the movie for you.
 Amazon will not give us half stars to use yet this should be a 3.5 star movie for me, not a 3 but not a 4 either.  ET was a magical moment in movie making from Spielberg.  Before that he made CLOSE ENCOUNTERS.  Both films are five star classics.  This is his production but made by a younger director whom he picked. It is not that this movie is bad, it is that it made me sad that there will probably be no more groundbreaking five star films from him in this genre. This film has the family life of both films.  It has got the alien but he is not much onscreen. It has the ship, straight out of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. The visuals at the ending are almost verbatim from CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. Basically it is a movie about a group of youngsters making a super eight film in 1979 about zombies, who have a close encounter with an alien.  This happens when they  witness a colossal train wreck.  The train wreck is really impressive. I was actually quite taken with the original premise, of the kids making the zombie picture in super 8.  That could have been a much fresher, more original film had the alien aspect of the story not taken over from the train wreck forward.  I think it could have been a classic like Rob Reiner's STAND BY ME if they had stuck with the kids and their movie adventures.  I hadn't seen Elle Fanning recently.  She is the girl teenager and she is every bit as gorgeous as a teenager as she was as a kid.
 good teen movie and even for 12 year olds . older adult may enjoy it to . its a monster found by the usa government who escapes  specil effects are good actors are good and will the story kinda lacking but worth seeing or buying
 I thought this movie started out great, but then got a little cartoonish. I liked it and at the same time wish it was a better story.
 Children will probably like this movie a lot more then most adults. Also I agree with other reviewers that a number of scenes are so dark that you can't see what the actors are seeing. I could say a lot more, but just as my title to this review states "Worth watching once I would rather spend that time watching a better movie
 Super 8 is mildly entertaining....but like most Spielberg flicks... there is a fair amount of cheese involved and it is rather predictable if you have seen his other movies.
 This movie had great promise. Elle Fanning's performance almost balanced out the formulaic plot. If I'd had stopped watching at the halfway point I would have given it five stars. The second half deserves one. Average score is therefore three stars.
 We never once find out what those weird white cubes are, even though this whole sci-fi film is based on that mystery. The finale goes rather unexplained, as well, when the typical space monster somehow manages to morph a bunch of earthly metal junk into a space ship in a matter of seconds. Say what? Prior to those letdowns, this modern-day Speilberg production features his usual band of cute kids getting into trouble, but avoiding anything really bad happening to them because of their wide-eyed innocence. If you enjoy that formula, you will like this otherwise high quality production. Just don't expect any logic.
 It seemed as though the formula for some great films from my past replaced the film half way through the film leaving me with an empty feeling at the films conclusion.
 All in all a little dissapointed in this movie.  I read plenty of good reviews about it and I picked it up at a local store for 8 bucks.  I felt the story line drug out too long then all of a sudden at the end when it started to get good it was over.  there were a lot of good parts but also a lot of slow, boring parts.  the video and audio on the blu ray were great especially the audio in the train wreck seen.  if you have a good speaker setup with a sub it is awesome!  for 8 bucks i'm not too upset i just expected a better flick...
 Imagine watching E.T. for the whole movie and seeing E.T. a couple times. That's Super 8 for you. You wait the whole movie to see this alien and finally toward the end you finally get to see it. By the way, it's overkill in the CGI department when it comes to this particular alien. It puts the alien from the movie Aliens to shame. It was a lot of build up for so very little pay off.  On the other hand, Spielberg doesn't fail in the adventure department. This movie had a bit of a Goonies meets E.T. feel to it. The kid actors did an awesome job. The cinematography was great and the plot was pretty good. I think they just majorly drop the ball when it came time to construct a good alien and execution plan.  Again I went into this movie already loving it, but when the credits went up I felt robbed of a great experience. It had so many great trademarks that made me a Spielberg fan. I gave it a 3 out of 5 stars, but to be honest that's being pretty generous.
 I wanted to like this b/c I like Abrams & Spielberg. The movie was just ok for me, I wouldn't buy it. It's like a modern day E.T.
 My son and I saw this movie when it was in the theatre and we both loved the movie. This blu-ray was my wife and my mother's first chance to see the movie and they loved it too. However these Digital Copy offers are getting ridiculous. We like to buy the Blu-ray & DVD plus Digital Copy sets because I typically have a backup on the desktop and download a copy for itunes for travel. I thought finally had figured out this system with downloading the Windows Media copy first then loading the iTunes copy using the code provided. These Paramount disks are a pain only allowing one copy of the didgital copy to be loaded so I am glad I accidentally loaded the iTunes copy first because I was only given the one download and the Windows Media copy didn't work.
 Expected alot more plot to it. The children actors were amazing for them to act like kids and not scripting it. Truly wasn't what I expected from the trailers and waiting for it to be released after the theaters. Only good acting, kept me from not ending the movie.
 Ah yes, the 70s and 80s days of cutesy Spielberg sensibilities. Basically that's what you get here with J.J. Abrams latest installment. And why not? Steven gave his blessings and executive produced as well. But somehow I think Steven did much more than just produce. The films feels so Stevenish you'd think he held Abrams hand all through the production. You get the usual dose of Spielbergisms with the cute early adolescent kids who act twice as mature and smart as REAL kids of that age.  The film focuses on a group of kids in 1979 making a Super 8 zombie film (obviously inspired not by Steven but George Romero) and then get caught up in a government conspiracy involving a benign but very pissed-off extraterrestrial that the military has held prisoner for over 20 years. The kids witness the train wreck that causes it's escape and their peaceful little Ohio town experiences all sorts of mayhem.  Aside from the typical monster-on-the-loose plot, the film does have some good character developement. The characters, both adults and teens, are well drawn out. Touching on issues such as loss of family members, alienation with parents, a little puberty thrown in and you have all the makings of a warm and fuzzy drama Spielberg style. The only problem is as said before, these kids act just too mature for their age. When I was this age in the 70s, me and everybody else were just plain stupid. And we certainly didn't open ourselves up to each other like they do here.  All in all, the film is entertaining escapism for the summer season. While not a classic measuring up to the likes of Close Encounters of the Third Kind or E.T., I think J.J. can chalk up another winner with this one. After all, he got help from the master of the cutes himself.
 I have read alot about parallels to E.T. and such regarding this movie. I would say those are loose comparisons at best. While there is a scene that is specifically reminiscent of E.T., this movie is quite a bit different. The alien, for one, actually eats people, and is far from the small, cute, and cuddly alien featured in E.T...also, it doesnt really develop relationships with people. It is seeking a way to "go home", as it were, and there is a military quarantine. Anyway, the cast was pretty good, and the interaction between the featured children (of tween age i think) was decent. The premise that they were filming a zombie movie when they end up witnessing a train derail, which ends up freeing the alien, was pretty cool. The local animals fleeing the area (presumably due to the presence of an unnaturally large predator) seemed like something that would actually happen.  Where the movie falls flat to me is...the alien is a massive predator, eating people, and destroying a bunch of stuff, but is also cast as a sympathetic character. They try to rationalize this approach by saying that it learned to hate humans after it was initially captured (Roswell), held prisoner, tortured and tested upon by our military scientists. It is able to communicate telepathically through contact (would that be empathically?). Still, it doesnt seem to care about the humans it captures for food, even though they are just ordinary folks with no ties to the military or their scientists. Yet, when the star tween touches him, he suddenly decides not to eat anybody else, and rather focus on finishing his ship and leaving.  There is no fond farewell, no conversation outside of a single empathic moment between the tween and the alien. It just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is left to pick up the pieces of a shattered town. Presumably, the gov't would later say a hallucinogenic gas was released into the air accidentally by way of a weather balloon causing the locals to see things as they destroyed their own town (at least, i figure that is how this would play out in real life). The movie though...it just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is happy (outside of those people who were killed by the now seemingly misunderstood alien). To me, the movie was basically a big build up where everybody is scared which then shifts suddenly and tries to become a social consciousness type message about kindness and understanding. Didnt really work for me. No real peak...the movie just kind of flatlined. Had i known before watching this that JJ Abrams was the responsible party, i would probably have skipped this one, since i know better than to trust any project he is involved with. Nonetheless, i dont regret watching this movie, but i was far from impressed.
 J.J. Abrams - Director / Writer / Producer presents us with a love story that incidentally is visited now and then by an alien.  Marketed as a sort of kids "Blaire Witch story, the film is a pale reflection of "The Goonies (1985.)  Basically kids making a movie witness a train wreck and possibly something else. We know that they are in trouble as "poof out of nowhere men in uniforms with flashlights appears.  There is a disclaimer in the beginning of the film but there does seem to be a lot of gratuitous potty mouth in the presentation.  Even if the plot was formula and many times formula can be fun, Elle Fanning excelled as a zombie. See her earlier works as Phoebe Lichten in "Phoebe in Wonderland (2008).
 This movie does a good job of building tension, investing you in the characters, and keeping you in the moment, and then it blows it in the last half hour or so. Others have complained about the long, overly dark sequence and I would like to hurl that charge again with some English on it. About ten minutes of squinting at the screen and I no longer cared the slightest bit what was going on, having given up in exasperation. Toward the end of that sequence, the movie segues into its cliched Spielbergian ending. One minute you're watching Alien and the next it's E.T. Ultimately Super 8 was like a punctured tire...it began at high speed and full of pressure, became floppy and hard to steer toward the end, and finally came to a grinding halt, completely deflated.
 I've been watching movies for 60 years, and there's little I haven't seen. For me, an "old movie is a silent film ("Orphans of the Storm").  Movie makers seem to think that, despite the wide availability of decades of films on home video, they can get away with recycling stuff most viewers have seen. This is the case with "Super 8", a rough mash-up of "ET", "CE3K", and "Jurassic Park". Had these films never been made, "Super 8 would come off as agreeably original. But when all the viewer can do is think of how much "Super 8 reminds him of //other// films, something is wrong.  "Super 8"'s worst problem is that it depends too heavily on coincidence and obvious foreshadowing. When one of the young film makers displays a proclivity for lighting small fireworks, you //know// it's going to come in handy later. And why is it that the train //just happens// to pass near the community where the man who tries to stop it resides?  Spoiler follows.  The obvious question of why the Air Force is moving the alien and his paraphernalia is never answered. A plausible explanation is that they're finally going to let him leave. If so, the events of the film are highly ironic. The "bad guys aren't quite so bad, while the "good guy is the person who incites the tragedy. Had "Super 8 included this revelation, I'd probably have given it four stars.  Michael Giacchino's score is a dud. It comes off as watered-down Williams -- which might have been his intent, a subtle slap at the film itself.  In short, "by the numbers movie making. J J Abrams should be ashamed -- and ought to take a refresher course from Robert McKee.  PS
 <a href="http
 Good as advertised.  Arrived promptly and in the specified condition. I was not sure at first but I had previously viewed this movie at some time earlier.
 I loved this movie up until about half way. Me being a movie collector I of course purchased it, but I was a bit disappointed with it still. It had SO MUCH potential! But still worth it to own, great sci fi flick.
 I was thrilled by the trailer for this film with the truck racing head-on to derail the US Air Force freight train and the awesome collision that appears to release some creature within one of its cars.  Alas, that amazing footage is nowhere to be found in the film itself.  The film has such a Spielbergian feel to it, it becomes sport to find which camera shot was from E.T. and which one was from Close Encounters of the Third Kind.  JJ Abrams is likely the most talented filmmaker around (LOST, and reboots of Mission
 This is a good sci-fi movie, about some teenagers making a zombie movie when a huge train accident occurs and these little white cubes get thrown around everywhere.  Next thing you know, the U.S. Air Force is grabbing up everything.  Is there something they want to hide??? (Hint--could be!)  "Do not speak of this, or they will KILL you. . . and your parents!  A Stephen Spielberg production, filmed in West Virginia.  Don't forget to watch the credits at the end for a little extra show.
 So - many people are giving Spiel & Co. the finger over Super 8. Here's my finger back at them, plus support for my gesture
 This is really two movies. One is a rather charming film about a group of young film-makers trying to put together a super 8 movie in the late 1970s. Their interaction with each other and with the fathers of the principal boy and girl are well realised and believable, helped along by some excellent performances (I especially liked Joel Courtney's clever differentiation of his delivery when he is acting and when he is 'acting' in the super 8 movie). In the special features director J.J. Abrams refers to his own experiences as a young film-maker and it's clear to see that he is incorporating more than a little of himself in this part of the movie. Four stars for this section of the film.  The other movie is a sci-fi flick about a derailed train and what escapes from it. The two stories are linked together (though only just) by the escape having been caught by the super 8 camera, left running when the train derailment causes the young movie-makers to scatter. This part of Abrams' movie is a tribute to Steven Spielberg, who also participated as a producer. It's not nearly as successful, both because almost everything is derived from Spielberg's movies of the late 1970s and early 1980s and also because hardly anything is given any explanation. We're left sitting there pointing out techniques from Close Encounters or E.T., but not knowing why they're being used. At the end, we know what happened, but not why- and without the why, the whole story makes no sense. Two stars for this part of the movie.  So four stars plus two stars, divided by the two parts of the movie, equals three stars. But do watch the final credits to see how the super 8 movie turned out.
 "Do not speak of this or else you and your parents will die. When a group of kids set out to film a scene for a movie they want to submit to a contest they witness a train crash. When the man that caused it gives them a warning and people start disappearing they begin to investigate further. This is a difficult movie to review. Much like "Cloverfield the preview gives nothing away, and I don't want to ruin anything or give too much away. I will say though that you can really tell that this is a JJ Abrams movie, and Spielberg's ideas are all over this as well. I would have to say that this is a pretty good mix of "Cloverfield and "Stand By Me with a steadier camera and more tense. The biggest problem with this movie to me is that it was too slow in some parts. Trying to put too much in the movie it takes a lot of repetition and long drawn out exposition scenes which hurt the flow of the movie to me. If they simplified it just a little or had more faith in the viewer it would have been much better then it was. On the other hand this was much much better then I was expecting. Overall, a tense and entertaining thriller that is definitely worth a watch. It was just a few tweaks from being a classic. I give it a B+.  Would I watch again? - I don't think I will.  *Also try - Cloverfield & Skyline
 I just watched the Super 8 movie and found it to be of great interest and entertaining. Without going into specifics, it really is a movie dealing lives of younger teens, an alien, the local town with its population experiencing havoc from the USAF military trying to catch the alien.   An ideal film for children and adults or the entire family.
 JJ Abrams holds school on how to properly "rip off a genre. You just feel the electricity of E.T. running through the kids, the neighborhoods, and right on through to yourself.  Aside from a few seemingly needless and annoying plot holes, this movie works (But JJ, can you please explain to me again how the alien got his ship back together?). Everything else works though, from the cool alien technology (small shift-shaping cubes that that can form into anything), to the seamless effects, to the nothing-short-of-brilliant acting by the child actors. There are a few pure JJ one-liners that you'll miss if you're not paying attention, like "Drugs are bad from the mouth of one of the kids as he abandons hope that the passed out stoner who has been their ride will be of any further help. In the context of the movie this line is hilarious.  Fasten your seat belts with regard to the sprouting acting career of 14 year old Elle Fanning. This young lady was born to the profession. Her moving, and at the same time disturbing performance in 'Phoebe in Wonderland' at age 8 blew my mind. One of my favorite scenes in this film is when Elle turns from a human being into a ghoul in one single shot. At the top of the shot she is simply wearing face paint in a closeup. When prompted, she turns her head down, her eyes up... and without even changing expressions transforms into a scary monster. Chilling. You go Elle!
 This movie is a combination of E.T,Close encounters of the third kind and independence day all tricked out with with modern day effects.Lack substance and is fairly predictable.A one time watcher not a keeper.Better of renting.
 This movie is in a class of its own.  It would be difficult to say if this is coming of age movie, drama science fiction or a zombie movie but it is a mix of all for sure.  Set in  1980s it is a story of five high school buddies determined to make their zombie movie.  Bad things happen along the way
 This movie was a nostolgic, but uninspired mash up of older summer blockbusters like Cloverfield, Stand By Me, and ET. The characters were transparent and under developed, the alien monster completely unfrightening and non-threatening, the plot loosely tied together. When the movie mercifully ended, I was left thinking "Is that it? really?".  I can't award half stars, but I would give it a 2.5.
 If you just like special effects and little else you may enjoy this hodgepodge of a film. I remember Spielberg reminiscing on a TCM special about "Epic Films", how he was influenced as a kid by Cecil B. DeMille's train wreck sequence in the film, "The Greatest Show On Earth". It's redone  here and it's even more spectacular, but it would have benefited greatly if there had been some suspense leading up to it! After that scene, the film deteriorates into every mediocre Sci-Fi film of the Fifties, except with much bigger special effects. The ending is much like "E.T. and "Close Encounters Of The Third Kind", but without any of the charm of those films, or really making much sense! In fact the whole film borrows heavily on the "E.T. theme of the misunderstood, but in this case, brutally tortured alien, just wanting to go home. The ending, despite all of the visual effects, is actually a little cheesy, although we're supposed to feel awe inspired. The whole movie is disjointed and it really pains me to write such a bad review for any film that Spielberg is associated with, but the film leaves the viewer with way too many unanswered questions, and it's really a huge letdown in almost every department! I actually found myself "redirecting and "rewriting this movie in my head as I was watching it, and that's NOT a good sign!
 I thought Dakota Fanning was to be in this movie. Maybe I am thinking of another movie. While it had a lot of action, it was kind of boring to me. I think teens or 24 year olds will like this, I didn't.<a href="http
 I've been a fan of J.J. Abrams since Lost, Cloverfield, and the reboot of Star Trek.  Paired with Steven Spielberg, I was expecting something great, especially when critics were praising this film so highly.  Many people will say it's a cross between The Goonies, ET, and several other childhood films, which I will agree is *mostly* correct.  However, I found that it seems to lose it's tone about halfway through and the overall theme of childhood innocence gets lost.  I will say the acting is fantastic.  With children as lead actors, their roles are cast perfectly.  A little cliched, perhaps, but the band of friends fits well.  Kyle Chandler as the sheriff/father fits his role quite nicely as well.  The premise builds a nice story of a strained father-son relationship after the death of the mother, as well as takes us through the bonds of friendship and the childhood fun of making a home movie.  On a cinematic standpoint, the camerawork and score work well with the film.  Abrams has always gone over the top to drop the audience into a colorfully distinctive world full of emotion and life, and this film is no different.  What I didn't enjoy were certain elements to the alien/monster itself, which caused the story to stray from being about childhood innocence amidst a supernatural crisis to being about children stuck in a violent battle between humans and the alien.  Ignoring the cliched components of a secret military train getting derailed, I had expected this film to veer toward being about an ET-like creature, where ET was misunderstood by scientists but was a caring creature deep down that only a child could understand.  This alien, however, doesn't seem to value human life and showed no restraint in lashing out with unsympathetic violence (aside from a random scientist it decided to bond with early in the film).  Some may argue that this is a more realistic or simply different portrayal, which is better since Abrams most likely didn't want to remake ET.  However, I felt that it took away from the warmness that the film could have offered and made it more gritty as it got to the end.  Aside from that, I'm not a fan of movies where suspending disbelief is overly necessary, but this film absolutely requires it.  From the overly dramatic train wreck scene to the battle where kids are running around unchallenged by the plethora of soldiers, I found myself sighing with disappointment.  That and, despite being called "Super 8", the kids' film really doesn't play as big of a role as I would have thought.  In fact, in the last third, it is virtually nonexistent.  It was a nice attempt to create a unique film and I will not deny that the basic premise, acting, and camerawork are fantastic.  However, I just didn't feel the *magic* that many critics said this film had.
 Super 8 is much better when it delivers a coming of age story/drama, character developement and tearjerker than when it delivers the sci-fi/action & adventure elements to the film. The acting was very impressive in this film from all of the mostly unknown child actors with Elle Fanning in her best role to date next to Phoebe In Wonderland and it's amazing to me that this thirteen year old graces the screen effortlessly like she is a verteran actress, it's uncanny. The story of forgiveness and letting go overpowers most of the action scenes especially the ending which may bring some viewers to tears and the natural bond between the kids reminded me of classic films like Stand By Me and The Goonies with a dash of Signs, Monsters and E.T. and is mostly like those films than being a full blown thrilling and terrifying sci-fi/action flick and to be honest this is just a retro family film than what trailers lead you to believe. There were a couple of plot holes that bothered me like where did all the missing dogs go? How did the monster get there in the first place and are there more? Was is just a mad science experiment gone wrong? Ect. When it actually shows the monster it wasn't scary enough and went the King Kong route and made it have feelings which was a tad cheesy and what I'm trying to say is that it didn't go horror enough with not enough terror and suspense for a monster movie or whatever it was aiming for which I still don't know because it tried to juggle a bunch of genres at once which in the end kind of played against it and became less effective as it moves along. I liked how it was paying tribute to all of the classic movies of it's kind of that decade but mabey a little too much because alll it does is make you rememeber the good old days of the movies that you longed for that it tries so hard to become that it doesn't focus enough on becoming it's own movie which sooner or later will be forgotten.
 Good little monster movie. But instead of a monster movie with kids you get a kid's movie with monsters. Good for a view or two, it keeps you interested to the end. As another reviewer stated...its 75% kids and 25% monster.
 This is truly the love-child of J.J. Abrams and Steven Spielberg.  It is half-Cloverfield, half "The Goonies".  Too bad that between the two of them they couldn't think of anything original to do.  On the upside, lots of noisy things blow up.  It is not bad American cinema; in fact, it's quite good, in the same way that a Big Mac is good American cuisine.
 Super8 is an unabashed mix of some John Carpenter, 80s Spielberg and and the pilot of LOST.  Now each of those things in its own right can be inspired, but somehow all of them together don't move past the feeling this is an extended episode of a cable TV show.  I'm not going to point in too many directions to spoil the film, but J.J. Abrahms pulls the Shyamalan card too and tries to lead us with bread crumbs into something surprising.  There are no surprises.  The movie would have been better served sticking to the core of friends out to make a movie instead of going to the recycle bin.  The friends making a movie part actually rings true from the heart, but it quickly goes down the chase movie route and the bulk is been there done that 30 years ago and then some.  Is that to say the movie is not worth your time?  Heck no.  Super 8 is not surprising, nor original, but the movie is entertaining.  Buy?  Nope.  Rent?  Heck yeah.
 this is what i call SO SO. it took very very long for the action to begin, like maybe one hour, there was action before but then return to the blah blah blah...anyway it was entertaining but SO SO
 This movie was a tiny bit better than I was expected. It's like a watered down Stephen King story. The monster/alien was pretty cool looking. It's big reveal was similar to that of Jaws, they didn't show it until the middle of the movie. In the early 80's, a few friends are making a zombie movie with a Super 8 mm camera. When a train derails, an alien breaks loose and creates havoc on the town. I'd probably recommend SUPER 8!!!
 Super 8(released June/11)gives us the one two punch of Steven Spielberg and Hollywood's flavour of the moment,J.J.Abrams.The hype would certainly lead one to believe this is an instant classic,a truly unforgettable cinematic experience,a movie you will see again and again,et al.Well,if you've been around movies along as I have,the hype becomes just that,alot of words/hot air to inflate something up,that may or may not have a pay day in the end.And the hype today is pretty much the same stuff they've been dishing out since the 20s.Does Super 8 have a long half life?Let's see. The plot gives us a group of kids who love to make movies.Each character has their own raison d'etre,as Spielberg and company make each a stand out in their own right,translation
 Good special effects with a so-so story.  Fair overall.  It's not the usual quality you'd expect for a Spielberg production.
 It won't disappoint. Captures the magic,but could have used better lighting to expose and dwell on the creature longer.  After all it was a high dollar production.
 I really wanted to like SUPER 8, and there are certainly elements to like. But as I sat there with my extended family, including a 6, 7, 10, and 14-year-old, I kept wondering who the audience was. Clearly, it was intended for children, since the mother dies immediately in a horrible crushing accent. (Dead parents are the hallmark of all great kid movies, donchaknow?) And then the jokes about what was in the mother's coffin (seriously), because she was brutally crushed, so there couldn't be a body...well those scenes had my kids in stitches. Then there was the movie-long father-son angst about the mother's brutal death - riveting to say the least - and the pot-smoking hippie who drove the kids around declaring how stoned he was. Plus the language the kids spewed. And the military murdering a teacher and...and...and...  What's good about SUPER 8? The child-actors were fine. They were 100% clich&eacute;, but that doesn't bother me. The movie that they make is funny but lasts, literally, as long as it take the credits to roll. There's a clich&eacute;d but sweet coming of age/first romance story that is respectable. The alien angle was too scary for the younger kids in my group, but the concept of the protagonists catching something important on their little camera is compelling. I really do wish it had been more like the Goonies or Stand By Me, to which SUPER 8 has been widely compared.  When I see Steven Spielberg's name on the marquee of a science fiction movie, I'm really torn. My impulse is to run, but I remember Minority Report and think, maybe... But I also still remember A.I., and my feet start me moving toward the door. For SUPER 8, I saw J.J. Abram's name, too, and I was hopeful. Alas, it was not to be. I have to think there were some mighty internal fights over the direction this movie should take. And in the end, I think the audience was the loser. I would have loved to see more of the small-town charm, more of the kids (quieter and with more believable dialog) and less of the angst and brutal mother-crushing.
 I never became enthralled with this movie, and was disappointed after the hype.  Some of the major players were simply too cliched to be allowed, and I never felt much attachment for the creature.  Better luck next time.
 This was a ok movie with a weird plot. My children and I watched it and we are were a little confused sometimes, but it is worth looking at a second time (maybe).
 Even though this film was written and directed by J.J. Abrahms, the film oozes with Spielberg-ness. The film centers around a group of kids who have much more insight and wisdom than the adults, much like ET. The military branch of the US Government moves in, trying to hide whats really happening, much like Close Encounter of the Third Kind. And there's a large hulking space creature that I guess is not quite as malicious as the creature from Alien but he's tearing up a small town. As you'll see, some of the creature's victims are treated similarly to Alien.  The film involves a group of kids of junior high school age in 1979 shooting their own zombie-horror flick; one of whom has just lost his mother. The director Charles (played very convincingly by the young and talented Riley Griffiths), a sort of 12-year-old throwback to Orson Welles, replete with pipe, is the obsessed and ambition filmmaker doing everything he can to make a great film. He is constantly speaking of "production value". My guess is his character may have been somewhat based on the young Steven Spielberg who pressed his friends into little film projects shot with his super-8 camera back in the 1950's. The two other characters which emerge as the main focus are Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning) two people thrust together because of their involvement with the film project who become somewhat intimate in a way that only 12-year-old's can. A supporting character of note has to be Cary, played by Ryan Lee, who carries around fire crackers just to make the older folk cringe.  The group is shooting a scene at a train station with the boy main character and the only girl in the movie. Their production literally becomes derailed by a train wreck which obliterates everything in sight, not to mention the station, although the super-8 camera which continued to film was surprisingly untouched! Of course, this is not just a train derailment
 We thought the acting was good.  The special effects especially during the train crash were enough to make you sit up straight in your seat. After the train crash, the movie got more and more incredible.  With the writer producer team of JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg we really expected a movie in the ET class - it was NOT.  The thing that bothered me most is that depicting the US military as the villain is a movie ploy that is shabby and has gotten threadbare with repeated use.  We just expected better.
 Lot's of hype on this movie but it just doesn't deliver. It's not a bad movie, it's just not a great movie, either. Why the plot would go shades of "It at the ending is beyond me. It didn't work for "It and it doesn't work here. This film tries SO HARD to engender that sense of wonderment we felt in Close Encounters and ET and just never quite makes it. I saw it on opening day, D-Box, I was excited and then, leaving the theater, not so much. There are some movies I can watch over and over again. This will not be one of them.
 Just finished watching Super 8. There was a really slow buildup to the action part of the movie. The train wreck was really good and the special effects were amazing. My big problem was with the kids. I am sure they will grow up and be really great actors. They were written really bad parts for this movie. Why was there so much cussing and bad language by the kids. If you want a family movie be aware that the kids have bad language, are rude and nasty to each other,sneak out of home after midnight, and(while underage) steal cars and drive them. The kids came of annoying and in desperate need of discipline. I hate to sound that way but these kids were behaving in bad ways. They are being a bad example to other kids. Kids today are out of control and movies like this show them that it is ok to act this way. While some adults may just laugh at the way these kids acted in this movie, kids today need to be taught proper ways to behave. I was horrified at how these kids were talking to each other and acting out in public. This would have been easier to take if the actors had been in their late teens, but these kids were around 12 years old. In the late 1970's parents would not have allowed their kids to talk this way to other people and to the parents. Trust me I grew up in a small town in Ohio, where this film is supposed to be set. If you want a movie to watch for family night and want to set a good example for your kids and don't want to have to constantly explain that people shouldn't talk like that or do that, don't watch this movie. 12 year old kids shouldn't be cussing, stealing cars, setting explosives, driving the stolen cars, sneaking out of the house at night, and back talking their parents. This is not cute or funny. It is sad. I am really disappointed that Steven Speilberg put his name on this film.
 For better or for worse, this certainly wasn't what I was expecting. At times an innocent, slice of life glimpse back at childhood in the very late 1970s, the film's sudden, jolting leaps into completely different genres left me disoriented and on edge for its duration. Mixing equal parts of The Goonies, Cloverfield, ET and Red Dawn in the same blender, the final product admittedly feels a bit blotchy and uneven. Rather than running from the stereotypes inherent in each ingredient, like a cast of minors fleeing a destructive unseen monster, Super 8 wears them boldly on its chest like a badge of honor. In many ways this plays out like a picture from the distant past, more concerned with upping the ante and bringing an excess of action and adventure than delivering any messages beneath the surface. A broad, varied lead cast toes the line between strong characterization and oversharing, while their less-than-stellar supporting characters bring the cheese in lethal doses. It's a fantastic popcorn muncher with a fascinating knack for the unpredictable, but much, much more shallow than anything else in the Abrams catalog. Fun for a single viewing, I doubt I'll be back for more.
 Am I the only one who thought this movie under-delivered, was over-hyped, and was unnecessarily bloated with foul language?  I guess seeing Steven Spielberg's name conjured up in my mind a warm, climax-building, plot-developing Saturday afternoon kid-flick, with a memorable soundtrack, and a terrific ending that would make me walk out of the theater amazed, and with an 'how'd they do that?' admiration.  For my matin&eacute;e money I got more foul language than memorable lines, an Alien-esque monster that I could develop neither sympathy nor hate for, and a not-so-epic conclusion that made me ask the question
 Young friends in the late 70's witness a huge train wreck while filming a movie. What they soon realize is that something escaped from the train during the accident and the military will do anything to cover it up.   Super 8 starts out exciting, becomes very slow in the middle and then is exciting again. So I never found the pacing to be too good, while the film also reminded me of way too many Spielberg movies, including E.T, War of Worlds, Close Encounters and Goonies "which he produced among others. While the thing in it "and I won't give away what it is", isn't very original looking.   I will say that the film at least works emotionally and that all of the young actors are very strong in their roles. The look of the film is also faithful to Spielberg which works since the film is basically a tribute to him. But they might as well have gave away more of the plot in the trailers since the movie really isn't too original.
 Nothing really new or amazing here.  An alien escaped a train car and some kids found out about it.  Now they try to uncover the mystery behind the disappearances of local townspeople.  I felt like I was treading heavily through some of the cheesy, emotional plot.  I was entertained; however, and eager to learn more about the alien.
 A train derailment on the outskirts of a small Ohio town unleashes a mysterious creature.  Amid the resulting chaos, a small group of kids (Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning, Riley Griffiths, Ryan Lee, Gabriel Basso, and Zach Mills) have their own little coming-of-age drama.  For the first hour or so, I thought I was watching a 5-star film.  The kids, working on an amateur movie for a local film festival, are hilarious and touching.  Unfortunately, the quality of the film deteriorates as the conventions of the sci-fi action plot assert themselves.  The abilities of the creature are ill-defined; it just seems to be able to do whatever is convenient for the plot.  The naturalistic kids become unconvincing action movie heroes.  In this way, some of the best scenes are derailed even more spectacularly than the freight cars that kick off the whole thing.
 The title of the movie; Super 8, is truly misleading and could convey any thing but the confusion of the moviemaker in opting to a losing scenario. The movie started great, with coherent sequence of events that seemed to lead to a masterpiece of art. Soon, the train crash added great action and drama that was quickly dissipated by a slightly injured truck driver who should have been disseminated into unrecognizable parts in regard to the colossal train accident. That was then followed by another miscalculation on the part of the moviemaker of allowing all the kids who were in the center of the collision scene to survive. Some of those characters were irrelevant to the story and their survival did not serve any purpose but showing the unnecessary exaggeration.  The movie would have still made it to glorious outcome despite the reckless exaggeration of surviving such upheaval. The underlying causes of the train accident would have made the best movie ever had the story stayed away from the frank display of an extraterrestrial monster. Losing confidence in the judgment of the moviemaker made the science fiction less comforting when the viewers should have been eased into believing in a fictional scenario rather than suspecting foul play on the part of the moviemaking.  Many car engines disappeared, many missing dogs and equipments, those were still less unsettling than showing the monster closer to the end of the movie, building underground spaceship and harvesting all metal objects. Had the monster never been shown and left to the viewers to guess its features and motives, one could have remained pondering and enjoying the quizzing scenario to the end instead of feeling fooled by the irrational twisting of the events to served no logical cause.
 I expected this movie to be somewhere between the goonies and ET.  The rating is PG13.  At first I thought it has the potential to become a cult film, like the two mentioned. As the movie follows a group of teenagers, while making a film they watch a train derail and strange things start to happen.  The alien does not show up until the last part of the movie.  The alien fights and eats people.  While it is not a horror movie, the movie does show people getting crushed and blood splattering (warning for parents with younger kids) and this is the reason I am not sure about it becoming a cult movie.  Adults looking for a good alien movie will most likely be disappointed.  Again this is more like ET or Goonies with a darker twist and more blood, but not a bad movie.  Target audience are probably teenagers.
 Set in the 70s and focused on a group of kids making a zombie movie who stumble upon something they weren't meant to know. The characters are nicely fleshed out and there's a definite sense of melancholy and even poignancy at times. In fact, I'd say the characters are the best part about this movie. The introduction of the alien and the ending resolution feels half baked, though. The end credits was done nicely. This film cost $50M to make and yielded close to $260M at the Box Office. A great deal of the advertising of this film early on was done through viral marketing.  CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE
 On the one hand, I'm not a big fan of monster movies that keep the monster mostly out of sight or hard to see throughout the movie. But knowing that was the formula that JJ Abrams used for <a href="http
 these are older westerns but are still very cool to watch. many in the vein of Clint Eastwoods westerns. i enjoyed quite a few of these 20 movies. the picture quality is good and theres lots of action. i recommend.
 A collection of Westerns with some good and bad movies.  Most of the movies are older and some have lower quality pictures and soundtracks as well.
 Its nice that this show has finally been released on DVD. The stage set is a historic one and great to be preserved on video. Just a shame that it wasn't filmed with Randy Rhoads on lead guitar, who just missed this filming. How great would that have been.  The good
 Is it still.. 1998? Where's the Blu Ray release of this amazing show? It's fairly obvious Ozzy has some type of effect on his voice to sound double tracked but it's darn effective and I wonder why he didn't use it more often..this is a buy but would be a MUST BUY for double the price on Blu Ray. How did $haron mi$$ thi$ opportunity?
 I'll get right to the point. Brad does an admirable job on guitar considering he only had a few days get get down every song and solo before touring with the band. But it should have been Randy up there, nobody else. For anyone whose been a die hard fan since blizzard of oz or a guitar nut, it's just difficult to watch since it reminds us of losing a kind person and a total phenom of a guitar player. I remember when this show first aired on mtv, and while it was enjoyable, I was just shaking my head "no the whole show. If Randy was in in this, it would certainly have secured his status as a true legend of the guitar, right alongside EVH. Hopefully, Sharon will make the after hours footage an official release as well.
 I just purchased this video. This is NOT the Speak of the Devil album. Maybe the tour (1982), but the original album was recorded at The Ritz in New York. Just look at the song listing! I was very bummed. I have been waiting for the real concert since 5th grade. This is a great video, don't get me wrong, but claiming it is the Speak of the Devil show is incorrect and misleading!!!!!!!!!!
 Jane Horrocks is a British comedian who amongst her many talents is a great mimic of female vocal artists. This film was originally a stage play based around her.  The plot of the film is simple. Jane plays Little Voice a young woman who lacks self confidence and whose life has been destroyed by an overbearing and grotesque mother. The mother continually belittles her daughter who is so lacking in any social sills that she sits in her room each night playing old 50's and 60's records owned by her father. It would seem that the father was also destroyed by the mother. She sings along to these records and is able to mimic such greats as Billie Holiday, Judy Garland and Marilyn Munro. (Okay Marilyn Munro was not a great but you know what I mean) Michael Caine plays a seedy music entrepreneur who is limping along in obscurity heading career wise somewhere worse than obscurity. He has a brief drunken fling with Little Voice's mother and hears her voice coming from her room. He immediately sees her as an unexploited talent that might just bring him back into the game. The film centres on a concert organised by Caine and its aftermath. Broadly the film is a morality tale in which the mother and Caine get what is coming to them and Little Voice is able to achieve something more than fame and that is normality.  The film is both good and bad. Horrocks at its centre is brilliant and it is her talent that is responsible for everything good about it. Her performance scenes are breathtaking made more remarkable by the use of her own voice. It is the other characters and the rest of the film that is the drag. The morality tale is rather telescoped and the character of the mother a repellent and grotesque rather than being real. The end a little bit of an anti-climax. One would imagine that this stems from the difficulty of converting the play to a film.   Never the less the performance of Horrocks is so strong and the premise so clever that the film is worth looking at despite its faults.
 I actually enjoyed the film when I watched it; it was only after reading some of the more critical reviews here that I started to think about it and realize that it didn't entirely work for me. (Maybe the moral is not to think about films too much, if you just want to enjoy them.)  I think that problem with the film is that it was conceived as a showcase for Jane Horrock's vocal impersonations.  A stage show was built around them, with a story that, according to people who saw it, was much deeper in character development.  Apparently the film's version cut out much of the mother's character, which would make the film more meaningful and believable.  Besides that,I think that the main problem I had with the film was that I didn't much care for the much lauded performance. I did laugh out loud at her "Marlene Dietrich but her "Judy Garland was sort of creepy and her "Marilyn Monroe was pathetic.  So this whole story was constructed around this performance and, at the end of it I had to say "Much to do about Nothing.  We find out, at the end, that "Little Voice's real name is "Laura, hence my reference to "Laura Wingfield", another pathologically shy heroine with an overbearing cruel mother, in "The Glass Menagerie.  Tennesse Williams did it much better!  Laurence Olivier did a star turn as "Archie someone, another down-on-his luck British entertainer, in the film, "The Entertainer. Here Michael Caine gives another terrific performance of the same kind of guy.  He almost makes the film worth seeing.  The character of Little Voice is not very believable.  She goes from practically catatonic, rarely speaks, never leaves the house, doesn't make eye contact, etc. to a vibrant happy person helping her new love train his pigeons.  It's a nice thought but really strains credibility.  However, if you just want a feel good film that doesn't make you think too much, this may be just the thing.
 Case Closed (Detective Conan in Japan) is a fantastic mystery anime that spans 11 seasons, almost 600 episodes, and soon to be 14 movies. It follows the story of a genius 17 year old named Jimmy Kudo who solves horribly difficult mysteries that leave the police dazed and confused. Well one day while out with his childhood friend (Racheal Moore) he sees a man in black doing a shady deal and while he watches it happen another man in black comes and knocks him out. To get rid of Jimmy they decide to use an untested drug on him that was supposed to kill him. Instead it turned him into an 8 year old child. He then decides to take the alias Conan Edagawa so that the men who druged him won't know that he is still alive and to protect the ones around him. With the new name he moves into Racheal's house and begins to help her dad (Detective Richard Moore) solve cases in the hope that one will lead to information on the men in black. Each episode follows pretty much the same formula. A crime happens and then Jimmy/Conan collects clues and reavels the culprit.    All that aside. This box set is just a cheaper re-release of season 1. It has all the same episodes as the original season 1 release. One thing it doesn't have are the few extras that the original release does. So to buy this one would be cheaper, but you would get no extras eventhough there are very few to begin with in the original. I am sorry I have gone on a small rant. I am not saying not buy it. I nfact I encourage you to buy it. I am just angry that funimation as decided to re-release season 1 rather than continuing to release the other seasons.    So if you love mystry then I highly recommened that you buy this anime. I just gave it a 3 because it is a re-release.
 I think the story is excellent, along with the anime, but the dub of the series stink! I infinitely prefer the subbed Detective Conan, which you can watch at dctp.ws because the original Japanese voices are much more realistic and somehow feel as if they are more "emotional". Also, the subbed versions have the characters original Japanese names. I personally think replacing the names was a big mistake, and they should be their original names. For example, Jimmy Kudo is Shinichi Kudo, and Rachel Moore is Ran Mouri. One of the only names that stays the same is Edogawa Conan. Lastly, Funimation only has a fraction of 600+ episodes of Detective Conan, and so if you watch Case Closed, it will not develop the plot properly and introduce all the characters. So, overall, I think this is a good anime, but Funimation should have released more, released original names, and actually put satisfactory dubs!
 I bought a new season 1 set that is supposed to come with a lot of little neat extras. there were no extras and the dvd cases were broken allowing the dvds slide around in the cases. the dvds themselves work fine but the total package wasn't as high a quality as i expected.
 Although I am a big Laurel and Hardy fan I will be totally honest about this dvd. In a way I am glad to have these two films on dvd. The quality on the two films do differ. However I feel that the version of Utopia is far superior than the version that was available on video tape. The version of The Flying Deuces is not bad, but it is out of sync. Both versions are complete american versions(the european version of Utopia is longer than the american version) but until that version is available this will sufice. Granted Utopia all around is generally a bad film, but compared to their 1940-1945 films at MGM and 20th Century Fox where they had no say or control on the films they were making, it in a way shows some of thier old style and gags from their Hal Roach films. Stan Laurel was very ill during production and it definitely shows in his appearance and he later regretted completing this film. Today I am glad, as I am sure many people are ,that he at least was able to finish the film. In closing until better versions become available this dvd even though far from perfect is still ok.
 one the whole its not a bad film but it far from the best of laural and hardy films but if your a real fan you wont be that disapointed.  HOWEVER....DURING THE FILM I DID NOTICE A SLIGHT DELAY IN THE SYNC WITH THE  SOUND OF THE FILM!
 Don't get me wrong, all four of these shorts are great, but haven't they been released enough? DISORDER IN THE COURT, MALICE IN THE PALACE, SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS, and BRIDELESS GROOM have been released on about fifty different videos, and now on DVD. BRIDELESS GROOM, SING A SONG, and DISORDER have been released in better quality by Columbia once or twice, but Shemp's most famous short MALICE IN THE PALACE is not on any Columbia Tristar collection yet. I like these shorts, but DVD's should be better that videos and need different shorts. After all, Columbia still hasn't released 55 of the Stooges films.
 The Lucy show DVD set was cheap. There were no official air dates of each episode, which would be good information for fans, and the episodes were not restored much, and, all of the episodes are out of order...like the first 4 are in color, and then theres one from the first 3 seasons, in black and white...I'd wait for a better edition DVD package unless you're a diehard fan, but, on the record, they picked some fairly good episodes for this 10 episode DVD 2 pack! The shower episode, Lucy takes vacation and new roommate episodes were great!
 Please realize that these b-westerns were made in the 1930's to be weekly entertainment.  We didn't have TV's and the movie was king.  However, times have changed.  Is this movie still worth watching?  Yes. The Star Packer has one plot gimmick-a hollow tree trunk in the middle of a road in a western town. Once you accept the tree trunk, the movie is actually a decent movie. The story doe not bog down and keeps moving.  A westrern has to have some good horse riding in it, and there are some good western action scenes which includes a couple of horse chase scenes. If you like this movie, you might like another early Wayne movie titled  Desert Trail. 
 "Beauty & the Briefcase has its share of charming, embarrassingly funny moments but works for an ABC Family romantic comedy.  Actress Hilary Duff is all grown up and she returns in a "Sex and the City-esque style of storyline in "Beauty & the Briefcase", an ABC Family television film that is an adaptation of the novel "Diary of a Working Girl by Daniella Brodsky.  The film featured a collaboration with ABC Family and Cosmopolitan magazine and aired on April 18, 2010 and attracted 2.4 million viewers.  The TV film was nominated for "Favorite Family TV Movie for the People's Choice Awards 2011.  The film is directed by Gil Junger (popular TV director and director for "10 Things I Hate About You movie and TV series, "Greek", "Hope & Faith", "According to Jim") and a screenplay adaptation by Michael Horowitz ("Burn Notice").  VIDEO
 The DVD of Ron's Howard's Oscar winner about troubled math genius John Nash tops the theatrical experience, despite some technical flaws. The video looks handsome in its scenes of Eastern academia, fall colors warm but a bit flat at times. The nightmarish cold war scenes impart a definite chill with midnight-rendezvous blacks and cobalt blues. True flesh tones help sell Greg Cannom's often terrific makeup work.  James Horner's swirling, math-inspired music sinks deep subwoofer roots via the Dolby Digital. The dialogue sounds muffled at times. Star Russell Crowe, in particular, seems to swallow more than a few lines, but it sounds like a mix or production issue. The problem can be mitigated by hiking your center speaker volume -- a fix that's a [bad] throwback to the early days of the DVD format. On Howard's commentary, the review disc's center track took a sudden leap in volume (at 1
 The new generations barely are aware about the existence of  Fareneheit 451 , a fundamental sci-fi text written by Ray Bradbury, that carves in relief the chilling reality of a recent future, where the increasing frivolity of the modern times makes most of us simply have no time to read and so we have to conform with the reading of history without words; I mean the human knowledge reduced to cartoons, futile candies for a funny entertainment and pop corn images that vaguely intend to depict the complex and fascinating universe of the culture. Maybe Ray Bradbury had smiled quietly when he saw for the first time a video clip don' t you?  When you try to adapt the personal universe of such complex mind in order to intend to seduce the masses through a sugary plot, you are committing a moral crime, due the nestled reality of any human being may not be told with such linearity; even the humblest person in the world has his likes and dislikes, contradictions, phobias and little sins, because the innocence - in its purest state - is exclusive property of the saints.  In this sense, if you want to get close to a light approach of a brilliant mind, then go and astonish by yourself, but at the moment you leave the hall you, don' think you have become aware about the life and times of this man; barely you have explored the anecdotic character, and nothing else.  Brilliant performances.
 Yes, Ron Howard is a heck of a director.  And he's never better than in showing the difference between what's inside the mind of someone afflicted with schizophrenia, and the reality that everyone else sees.  Even I, a practicing psychiatrist, was surprised to discover that Howard/Crowe/Nash had been leading me down a primrose path to hell.  It's elegantly understated, very watchable, and completely accurate.  But it may be the only accurate thing in the film, which is completely misleading. I haven't read Ms. Nasar's biography, which I understand is considerably more honest about Mr. Nash's life, so I do not blame her for this film.  The film is completely misleading. Mental illness is not like a cold that randomly affects some of us, who then take better care of our health and it goes away. Hallucinations can not be willed away.  Mr. Nash did not earn the Nobel Prize BECAUSE of some special creativity his disease gave him.  He did not even earn it THROUGH his psychiatric symptoms;  early in his disease, during (no doubt) a remission of his symptoms, the part of his brain not ravaged by the disease manifested it's greatness before schizophrenia made a mess of his life.  That came later, and fortunately he got treatment for it. But the disease remains.   I fear people will watch this film and think, "Wow, you can have schizophrenia and still win the Nobel Prize! And that thought is an insult to the victims of schizophrenia.  I include in those "victims their family and friends, because their lives are devastated, too.  If you want to learn what mental illness is like (and not just what great film making is like,) watch "Niagra, Niagra.  This is a film that shows the hell that untreated mental disease becomes for everyone involved . . . not a trip to Oslo.
 If you truly like this movie..take the time to read the book. You will find its not as charming as the movie and the abuse and harm he caused was of great concern. He is a genius, but it was not a goverment caused stress..it was plain and simple mental illness.  Their wedding was not all rainbows and unicorns..they were divorced for many years while he was locked up or traveling aboard. He was selfish and drained his mothers and family's finances. Read the book to find out how it really was.
 But, it deviated so much from true events. Ron Howard should have respected Mr. Nash's life, and not attempt to make this a moral story of triumph over mental illness. The biography is much more interesting. I recommend the book.
 I saw this movie for two reasons. I didn't think I would have to tolerate car chases and bomb blasts for two hours and the film, to be sure, relies on neither. However, I can't help but wonder why people are calling this a great movie. Although I like Mr. Crowe as an actor, his work in this film seems overly self conscious and his accent wears on you by the end of the film. The one bright star is the female lead. She is a wonderful actress and I hope to see more from her. If you want to see a truly great film get "Remains of the Day". Hopkings and Thompson define great acting in this film.....
 I didn't hate this film.  I have seen plenty that are much worse, and that were a greater waste of my precious time.  However, after seeing all the hype and all the award nominations, I came to this film with high expectations, and it simply did not deliver.  What could have been an extremely compelling story ultimately comes off as feel-good fluff much of the time. Plenty of historical fact has been omitted from this movie, but that is no different than any number of movies that are  based on a true story.   There is no big crime in this; if you want a faithful, comprehensive picture, go read a book.  This is a Hollywood movie, for crying out loud.  Trying to cram a person's entire life story into 136 minutes means that lots of details will have to be left out.  The problem is that the omitted details make for one hell of an interesting story!  Bisexuality, numerous affairs, an abandoned illegitimate child, a marriage that was much rockier than the film implied, rank anti-semitism...it all adds up to an individual who very complex and interesting.  The fact that the man has been a complete lout at times does not lessen the heroism of his struggle, or the significance of his achievements. The fact is that just about all of us are equally capable of simultaneously being heroes and cads, but we prefer not to face the dualism of our existence. Here was an opportunity to confront that dualism, in one of its more extreme manifestations, and explore it.  Ron Howard could have done that, but he copped out and left us with a sugar-coated, pre-fab, feel-good movie.
 This is a typical Hollywood "based on real life movie
 a bispic of the meteoric rise of john forbes nash jr , a math prodigy able to solve problems that baffled the greatest minds. and how he overcame years of suffering through schizophernia to win the nobel prise. be warned you will be board for at least half this film
 This is a fine movie, a good film, watchable, enjoyable, entertaining and, at times, informing.  What it is not is groundbreaking, compelling, affecting or, simply, great. Russel Crowe's performance was typically good, but nowhere near his stunning turn in The Insider.  In this movie he is playing the troubled genius, and there's really nothing all that new to his performance. Beyond Russel Crowe, everything else is sort of facile.  Technically well executed, the film simply doesn't have the impact that many of it's reviews--and accolades--would seem to indicate.
 A Beautiful Mind tries to do the self-contradictory by presenting a slick, Hollywoodish story about the obscure and diabolical world of schizophrenia. That it is based on the life of a real person, the mathematician John Nash, doesn't add much psychological credibility to the film; again and again, some director's or technician's device (e.g., Nash scrawling hieroglyphic equations on the Princeton library window or having scattered letters from a magazine take on a glowing life to show how Nash perceives them as a code) gives us the feeling that we're being taken on a Disney World ride through the mysteries of the mind. Nevertheless, the film is quite watchable for about two-thirds of its length -- after the dull exposition that sets up the central events and before the mawkish conclusion. Credit goes primarily to the stars, Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly. Crowe, despite his status as the hunk du jour, clearly has satisfying acting technique and apparently good instincts; whatever reservations I have, it's fair to say that he brings the Nash character to compelling life. If only he didn't push the awkward-loner, vulnerable-brain-box motif so far! I suspect that Ron Howard, the director, instead of shaping the performance and asking for more subtlety at key moments, kept urging Crowe to pull out all the stops.  I'm not suggesting that he indulges in scenery chewing -- mostly he keeps his technique within reasonable bounds, and some of the time it serves us well. But, in spite of his stardom, Crowe doesn't yet have the confidence to hold back where some reticence would actually strengthen the role. When (if?) he trusts himself and his audience more, he's going to be an actor to reckon with. Jennifer Connolly is luminous. I'd never seen her before, and she gives her role depths and corners where the script gives her colorless outlines. She's strikingly beautiful, but doesn't coast on her looks, and provides most of the movie's genuinely touching moments. The film's only other actor of note is the egregious Ed Harris, who gives us the umpteenth version of his snake-eyed glare and growling line readings. It's a mystery to me why so many people think he's a great actor. Screen presence, sure; range, from X to X prime, as Nash might put it. Good cinematography helps, featuring warm interiors that reveal the polished allure of the halls' old woodwork and exteriors that capture the sharp-focus chill of autumn and the sturdy solidity of venerable buildings on the campuses of Princeton and MIT. The musical score (one of the movie's few understated directorial elements) is effective, too. The widescreen DVD transfer is first-class -- something you can't count on in DVDs -- with none of the background pumping and motion jerkiness that can result when the compression necesary to fit a movie onto a small silver disc is performed poorly.  A Beautiful Mind has its rewards; too bad they come only in patches.
 Noble Prize winning mathematician John Nash's descent into schizophrenia is far more fascinating than his recovery in the heralded Ron Howard directed drama, "A Beautiful Mind". Nash's delusions, which occupy most of the first half of the film, are frightening flashes of cimematography that startle the senses into belief in much the same way a schizophrenic's delusions would. The second half of the film, his recovery, offers much less in cinematic value as Nash buries himself in mathematical equations as his delusions become less aggressive but forever present. Russell Crowe is the epitome of a schizophrenic Math professor almost to the point of amusing caricature, but the performance is disciplined excellence. Jennifer Connelly, as his wife seems merely there, no more or less than the sympathetic role offers, (I'm in the minority here). Her atrocious make-up in the final scenes, some forty years later, make her look like The Bride of Frankenstein. I would like to have seen Nash's groundbreaking work on economic theory better explained, even in layman's terms. It would have added much to his abandonment of reality. The inevitable emotional summation of Nash accepting The Noble Prize before throngs of applauding admirers was a bit anticlmactic. I mostly however enjoyed this film.
 It's hard to fault  A Beautiful Mind  for the performances or, for that matter, the direction.  Crowe and Connelly are superb, and believable, as the brain-sick mathemetician and his long-suffering wife.  The film does move along with nice pacing and it's not an effort to become emotionally involved in their lives.  Frankly, where the film fails are those scenes that depart from their relationship and bring us closer to the film's namesake, the so-called  Beautiful Mind  of John Nash. Frankly, neither John Nash, nor his mind, are in the tiniest sense made  beautiful  by this film.  The man, an eccentric genius laid low by paranoid schizophrenia, is sympathetic only in the sense that one might feel sympathy for anyone who is mentally ill.  Sure, it's sort of interesting that he eventually won the Nobel Prize Winner for his mathematic theories but when the film tries to explain those theories, the viewer gets only the most rudimentary insight into what must really be a fascinating, somehow mathematically based, theory of economics and human nature.  Naturally, the script writers assumed that most viewers wouldn't be interested in anything more than third grade arithmetic, and leave it to Nash to scribble heiroglyphic equations on windows, blackboards, and anything else he gets his hands on to show how  complex  his theories must be without really attempting to explain how they work. The same holds true for his mental disease.  Most psychiatrists attribute the development of severe mental illness, such as paranoid schizophrenia, to a combination of genetic (family history) and environmental (infant/childhood trauma) factors.  This film discloses nothing about this man's life prior to graduate school.  He simply acquires his mental illness without any explanation, whatsoever.  The audience is supposed to swoon with sympathy for his plight and, in fact, based on the film's box office (and the Academy), apparently, a lot of folks apparently found Crowe's performance affecting.  Indeed, it is to Crowe's everlasting credit that he made the character he played into someone to whom audiences could relate. Once again, though, one is left wanting to know more.  Why did Nash create the imaginary characters that populate his diseased mind?  One can, given the times (mid 1950's) imagine why an anti-communist operative (played wonderfully by Ed Harris) is one of his spectres, but why the gregarious room-mate, and (especially) why the room-mate's young adoptive daughter?  What in Nash's past, if anything, prompt these denizens to constantly plague his life?  No clue is given. I suppose the real goals of this film were
 Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, and an strong supporting cast offer extraordinary performances in A BEAUTIFUL MIND--and fortunately so, for the subject of the film has undergone a Hollywood homogenization that renders the film both timid and tepid.  Still worse, both script and direction are unfocused, and much of the film is taken up with a tricksy plot device calculated to manipulate viewers into an unexpected identification with Nash's mental illness. The plot device in question is one recently seen in a number of plot-driven films such as THE SIXTH SENSE; here, however, it proves extremely transparent and feels out of place, and since it requires the film to shift gears several times it contributes to the film's lack of flow.  Moreover, it has the effect of presenting the nature of Nash's illness in very glossy terms that fail to really reflect the seriousness of his condition.  It all has a  santitized for your protection  feel. But when the cast has opportunity to shine it shines with considerable brilliance, and in spite of the film's numerous flaws the actors hold the attention from start to finish.  I have never been a fan of Russell Crowe, and I found his performance in the earliest scenes a bit artificial, but he quickly comes to grips with the role and delivers a powerhouse performance that remains in mind long after the film ends.  Jennifer Connelly is equally powerful as wife Alicia, and the supporting cast (which includes Ed Harris, Judd Hirsch, and Christopher Plummer) is extremely fine.  This is not a great film, but it does contain great performances, and I recommend it on that basis.
 I saw this movie in the theatre, and was very impressed.  Russell Crowe is a very talented actor, he proved that to in "Gladiator back in 2000; yet it's a little off course from what John Nash's real life is about. I looked into it more, and found out that John Nash was actually bi-sexual.  This is something that the movie never really hinted at all. I'm not to sure, now that I think about it, but that's pretty significant information that is being withheld.  I guess they omitted it to give us a better opinion of the character; at least that's what I came up with. Another thing that was left out was the fact that Nash eventually got divorced from his wife.  Which is no surprise, they almost made it seem in the movie as if his wife would leave him.  But it did allow the film to be more gratifying and uplifting. I did like the movie; even if some key parts were left out to better the film's stature.  I mean, they do say
 This was a really enjoyable movie, but at some points lacking in depth.  I bought it hoping to get more out of it by multiple viewings as well as the extra material.  Boy was that a mistake.   The mathematics was never really explained, just shown to us by drawings.  I finally bought a copy of a book on the Game Theory in Politics to understand his groundbreaking work. A great movie, it just does not have repeat quality like Gandhi or JFK.  Once you see it, you see it.  As a French minor, I may end up playing the French dubbed version simply to feel like I got my money's worth.  Never a good sign. The stuff on the second disk was basically a waste of time to me.  I'm not interested in how they made a heavy drama like this.  Sure, in animation and action movies these can be interesting, but movies like this do not lend themselves to these featurettes. Still, all in all great performances by all.  I recommend highly you see this movie, just don't buy it.
 Film, particularly as practiced in Hollywood, is based on audience manipulation. So it's no surprise that lifelong Hollywood resident Ron Howard is a master manipulator. A life spent inside the machine has taught him exactly which buttons to push to get the desired reaction from his audience. He is so skilled at this that we in audience don't mind the manipulation while it's taking place. And  A Beautiful Mind  may be the most skillfully manipulative of Howard's films. The film hits all the proper emotional notes as it tells its story of love triumphing over adversity. Sadly, it's bunk. Even the most cursory look at the truth behind Nash's life reveals the screenplay adapted from a recent biography of Nash by Akiva Goldsman (who brought us the two most recent, atrocious  Batman  scripts) as sanitized for mass consumption. Gone is any mention of Nash's infidelity and bisexuality, and what are we to make of the  love conquers all  story when we learn that Alicia Nash in fact divorced her husband when his deteriorating mental state became too much to bear. Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly give terrific performances, as does Ed Harris playing an invented character who is better developed than many  real  characters in other films. Howard's directorial skill and Crowe's screen charisma even make witnessing such moments as a paranoid Nash slowly sliding down a locked door sobbing in a heap on the floor seem to carry emotional weight (at least until we think about it for more than twenty seconds). This review began as a recommendation and while the film is more worthwhile than most Hollywood product you'll see this year, I'd say just don't expect to gain any insight into the nature of genius, madness, love or any other especially human qualities.
 3 1/2 STARS... I honestly had no desire on seeing this film. Once I saw the trailer and heard Russell Crowe sporting that horrible accent I knew that I would be dissapointed with him as I was with 'Gladiator'. There was that flaw and the fact that Ron Howard who is NOT one of my favorite director (i.e. Far and Away, Apollo 13, Dr. Suess' How the Grinch whatever) However, I can now say that film is actually good. Ron Howard didn't [mess] it up that bad. Russell Crowe, I can now say, was totally magnificent! I felt for him so much. I mean I actually cared for the poor [man]. Now, I really want him to win that Oscar. I probably sound stupid but he really should. ... Russell can give his Oscar to Rush and keep this year's statue. I was also surprised with Jennifer Connely. I loved her in 'Requiem' and I was kind of surprised that she even took the role seeing that she was being the indi queen for the moment. She will also win for best supporting actress. ...  Still, RON HOWARD should NOT win best director. How can one direct a biographical piece if one takes out the most personal stuff? Howard neglected the fact that John Nash was bisexual. Eventhough he put it in their very cleaverly but totally unclearly, I think that it would have made the film a whole lot interesting. Just thinking that Howard had to ignore that fact just so he could make 'A Beautiful Mind' a mainstream PG-13 rated film is just sleazy.  I also thought the film was rather long than usual. I think this is because Mr. Howard abuses the title card effect to denote that the years gone by. It was totally annoying because I had to start all over again with liking the film. I mean I did a lot but I had to do it far more than once. 'A Beautiful Mind' could have been a great film. It is a good film. I like it. But Howard just [upset] me ... with his hiding behind the bush about Nash's sexuality.
 I know Nash from game theory classes, specifically for his most prodigious econometric contribution that's popularly known as Nash Equilibrium, a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behaviour.  Not only is that pivotal element skipped (except for fine print in the epilogue), casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-codebreaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it.  Russel Crowe may have been twice as credible if he didn't struggle to imitate Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Fred Gwynne as one of the Munsters. Well, Ok, I am over-analyzing. Jennifer Connelly does well to potray a doting wife, but the fact that his real-world wife had divorced Nash is totally ignored. For that matter, we're never even told that their son, also an ingenious math whiz and a schizophrenic, suffered as much at the hands of fate and society as his father.  Why was a more honest, less Hollywoodized depiction of the mathematician so difficult to manage? None of such facts would have lessened Nash's accomplishment or undermined the originality of his contributions, but their omission suggests that the director was not confident in addressing the audience as grown-ups.  If you know little about John Nash -- the troubled, violent, gifted mathematician --  this may come across as a very well made movie, as the numerous accolades it bagged may prove. But the film in its half-baked form is a bit of a gyp for anyone who knows a bit about the man and his much grander complexity. I still give it three stars for holding your attention, but I wonder if anyone would willingly watch it more than once.
 Interesting story, whether accurate or not.  Excellent acting by Crowe, Connelly and, as always, Ed Harris.  Way too long, the story could have been adequately & eloquently told in under 2 hours.   And the music!  The entire viewing experience would have been more captivating and less maudlin with an occasional change in tempo.  I found myself thinking too often "I got the point half an hour ago, move on.   Too bad.  I really like Ron Howard movies, appreciate a good story, and such outstanding acting is not to be overlooked or undermined.  My recommendation is to make sure you are in a very patient frame of mind when you head out the door to see this one.  You will be glad you didn't waste your movie money on a mindless action film or one of the ever-prevalent animated adventures, but this movie may put you in the mood to see another movie! Sorry, Opie.
 Let's be clear from the start
 A Beautiful Mind, nominated for eight Academy Awards, manages to twist enough feeling out of John Nash's incredible life story to redeem an at times ludicrous portrayal of schizophrenia.  Russell Crowe, who endures the role with characteristic fervor of John Nash, was known to be enthralled with Nash to the point where he even attempted to emulate his flurry of hand gestures. The Nobel prize-winning mathematician developed a groundbreaking economic theory while at Princeton, to only be topped by his appearance on the cover of Forbes magazine and to become a professor at MIT, followed by his demise brought on by his schizophrenic delusions. These delusions were portrayed in the film by means of director Ron Howard, but predictably they go astray. Nash begins to believe this "altered world is his reality which is populated by a maniacal Department of Defense agent, played by Ed Harris, an imagined college roommate who seems right out of Dead Poet's Society, and an orphaned girl. These characters are represented so favorably that the audience begins to wonder if schizophrenia is really as slick as it is depicted. Crowe's physical intensity drags the viewer along as he works admirably to carry the film. No doubt the story of Nash's amazing will to recover his life with out the aid of medication is a worthy one, which makes his eventual triumph heartening. Unfortunately, Howard's flashy style is unable to convey much of it.   There are several important elements in Nash's very influential life that have been overlooked. For one, his most prestigious theory which was the Nash Equilibrium, which is a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behavior. Not only is this pivotal element skipped, except for in the fine print of the epilogue, casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-code breaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it. A little less Hollywood depiction would have been nice but the film is still deserving of the four Academy Awards achieved in 2001 for best picture, best director (Howard), best supporting actress (Connelly), and best adapted screenplay (Goldsman). Crowe's depiction of Nash earned him an Academy Award Nomination, which is generous in my opinion.
 The best part of the film were when the leading character was delusional. That's not a good basis for a film to grow off of, especially when sanity brings the viewer a happy boring ending. There was no real romance to speak of, instead the idea of exchanging bodily fluids and skipping any small talk prevailed. The director Ron Howard reaffirms that he does not know how to craft love stories.  I did not find the characters to be believable as portrayed. The acting by Russell Crowe was horrific. The phoniness of his stammering accent reminds me of having sticky fingers. You can't get rid of it and the longer it goes on the more annonying it gets. His wife lacked any character development. She is similar to an immovable pillar which remains in the same spot and the same shape less some aging. I can hear Crowe's character saying, "that's a good wife, now stand over there and cry when I get all the accolade.  The makeup showing the aging of characters appeared planned and formulated. It was great the first dozen movies we saw it but now it doesn't work. I found myself successfully guessing where the plastic pieces were applied to the faces. There wasn't much else to do as I was completely bored waiting for the credits to roll finally releasing me from this yawner.  I will give the movie 3 stars. It was average at best. The editing, soundtrack and portrayal by some supporing actors were the only things saving it from a lower score. Wait for it to appear on TV. This movie won 4 academy awards. It is a terrible example of 'excellence' in film.
 The protagonist John Nash,a mathematic genius,is so talented that he increasingly becomes pshycotic.During the movie the viewer becomes more and more confused and will not be able to understand  A BEAUTIFUL MIND  straightaway.That is the reason for just 3 out of 5 stars.Russel Crowe presents in an amazing way the illness of John Nash.To my mind you have to see the movie at least twice to understand this masterpiece. My recommandation
 I bought this movie because everybody was saying it was good but when I saw it I thought it was long and boring I mean in order to see it you need a dictionary to understand each word they say in it or be really smart , but what I found interesting was the twist which fooled me and I like it because how it was presented. The dvd has lots of stuff for you to watch which is pretty good but thats about it.
 If you are planning to buy or rent this movie to know the story of John Nash, you should read the book instead.  The only similarity between the movie and the biography was that he was nuts and he was brilliant. Another review mentioned this was the true story of John Nash.  Nothing can be further from the truth.  In the movie Nash was working for the government to protect against the Russians.  In his bio he was actually talking to space aliens about forming a world government.  Also there was no mention of Nash's many relationships with men in the movie. A few other facts about Nash not mentioned in the movie was that he has an illegitimate son.  He was not the loving, caring husband the movie made him out to be.  In fact he was a real jerk for a long time.  He didn't even try to care for anyone. I saw the movie and then read the book.  I still think  A Beautiful Mind  was a good movie, but it wasn't even close to being an accurate protrayal of Nash.
 I saw the movie before its Oscar success.  I was dissapointed in the movie then and very dissapointed it won "Best Picture".  Its not as moving or emotional as I would expect....and the story line dissapointed me.....I actually thought the main character was going to get involved with the government and the cold war, etc. (I obviously did not know the story of Nash prior to my viewing!) thinking it would be an action-drama style movie.  He's insane?  What?  What a rip-off.  If he contributed to the world of math, the movie didn't really develope his contribution...I think I would have enjoyed the movie better if they had explored that more than the insanity stuff.  I was reading Neal Stephenson's most excellent book "Cryptonomicon at the time and I thought this movie was in the same line.  Well, I still gave it 3 stars, which is average....definitely not best picture.
 Sorry, but while great film has the responsibility for excellence in script, direction, acting and cinematography, when it lies by selective ommissions from truth, it is propoganda, not art. Biographer SYLVIA NASAR has defended screenwriter AKIVA GOLDSMAN's decision to omit certain details about mathematician JOHNFORBES NASH from his film A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Fans of the GOLDEN GLOBE-winning writer's biography about the former schizophrenic have criticized both Goldsman and the movie's director RON HOWARD for ignoring significant aspects of Nash's life - including his homosexual tendencies, that he fathered an illegitimate child and that he and his wife ALICIA divorced shortly after his schizophrenia was diagnosed. In the film, JENNIFER CONNELLY, who plays Alicia, stands by her troubled husband's side throughout his mental problems, and Nash, played by RUSSELL CROWE, is portrayed as an upstanding and resolutely heterosexual man. Sorry folks, but without truth there's no beauty when beauty proports to be truth and not fantasy. .
 I thought highly of this movie until I actually watched it. This film is not entirely bad but it's not entirely good either. While watching it, I spent a good amount of time waiting for something to happen. It was a bit dull and drawn out most of the time. the dialogue was also equally dull and predictable. As for directing, Ron Howard hasn't done anything that impressive.  I understand that the directors of In the Bedroom and Fellowship the Ring were also nominated in the best director category. Both deserved the award more than Howard. Especialy when you consider the fact that what Peter Jackson did (and is still doing with) Lord of The Rings was revolutionary. Fellowship of the Rings is a masterpiece that will go down in history. A Beautiful Mind, a piece of sentimental, hollywood nonsense, certainly will not. After that helicopter shot of Nash riding his bicycle in the mathematical infinity symbol with what was supposed to be inspiring music playing in the background, I had to resist the temptation of pushing the stop/eject button on my VCR. The message was indeed inspiring. Jenifer's performance was excellent. But that's about it. In fact, if you wan't so see Jenifer at her best, go rent Requiem for a Dream.
 A Beautiful Mind is not a great movie, certainly not 2001's best film, but it's a respectable effort from director Ron Howard, and especially writer Akiva Goldsman, who was partially responsible for the travesty that was Batman and Robin. This biographical drama focuses on the life of John Nash, the genius who developed a radical concept on game theory. I'd rather not say further about the story, since there's a big plot twist halfway through that definitely puts a spin on much of the material that came before it. As most have heard, A Beautiful Mind is largely inaccurate in its depiction of John Nash's life. Did I really care? Not particularly. I'd be a fool to expect a film based on facts to adhere entirely to the truth. Rather, I'm basing my opinion on how well-crafted the movie is, and how well it succeeded on what it was trying to be, that is, a film meant to inspire with its theme of love (and besides, I seriously doubt all the indiscretions of Nash's life would mesh well with that, so I'm wondering if the film's detractors really want to see all of Nash's odd behavior portrayed or if they're just looking for something to complain about). So how does this film come across as a feel good drama? Not bad. First off, I'd like to mention that Ron Howard's direction and Goldsman's screenwriting are easily the film's weakest points, and not deserving of the Oscars they received. As has been evident in previous works, Howard is not a master of subtlety, and as best as he tries, he obviously doesn't have a firm grasp of what's genuinely good drama. A lot of the film's emotional moments are overdone and pure Hollywood; there's typical shouting, crying, and glass-breaking, nothing I haven't seen before.  While I have a lot to complain about Howard's direction, he's fine when it comes to pacing and style, and yes, the film itself does look very lovely and polished. Definitely by far the film's weakest segment is in the last ten or so minutes, when we witness Nash age and receive his nobel prize. That alone doesn't sound so awful, but unfortunately, we get a speech that lamely hammers home the movie's message, that of how we must rely on emotion and love over cold intellect to solve our problems and survive in this world. It had already seemed obvious that was what the film had been striving to say throughout its rather lengthy running time, and I sure as hell didn't need Howard to blindly forcefeed the theme in such a manner. Since I've done nothing but complain up to this point, you might wonder why it is I consider this film above average. The answer's simple. This all works thanks to Russell Crowe as John Nash and Jennifer Connelly as his wife, particularly the latter, who delivers a magnificent performance worthy of far more screen time (it's all the more disappointing to see that we never even find out what she does for a living, considering she was the one supporting Nash in his later, troubled years). Crowe is in very fine form in the lead, both sympathetic and likeable, though some of his tics seem more like obvious attempts at acting rather than genuine eccentric behavior. Schizophrenia is a disease that's dealt with in the film. I've never studied up much on it, though on my paltry knowledge alone, I probably know far more than most Hollywood (most often, as in the case with Me, Myself, and Irene, filmmakers seem to think schizophrenia is just another term for multiple identity disorder). (moderate spoiler) I don't know how accurate A Beautiful Mind's portrayal of this mental illness is, but the Nash in the movie hardly seems like a true "loony, and the film makes the disease seem a bit easier to handle than it probably is (Nash sees a few people who aren't there, and at one point, even reasons that they can't be there). Much like the rest of the film, the handling of this topic feels Hollywood, but also like the rest of the film, it's handled competently and in a fairly riveting fasion. *** 1/2 out of *****
 A pretty good movie.  Outstanding performances by everyone, but a kind of  so what?  articulation of Nash's story.  I think it would have had more impact if we had seen more of both his genius (not the BS with him doing nonsensical stuff, but actually doing math relating to his theory that won the Prize) and his illness.  The movie at a minimum should have given more information about Nash's unique contribution to Mathematics.  All told, it got about 2 minutes, as compared to the amount of time given his hallucinations.
 I'm a huge fan of Italian director Antonio Margheriti, aka Anthony M. Dawson, even though I haven't seen very many of his films. How can this be? Because the ones I have seen revel in low budget schlocky glory. Margheriti is responsible for such classics as "Alien From the Deep, the infamous "Cannibal Apocalypse, and "Killer Fish. He's also the man who brought us several highly entertaining shoot 'em up action/war films, films like "Indio, "Indio 2, "Tiger Joe, "The Last Hunter, "The Hunters of the Golden Cobra, and "Ark of the Sun God. If you need any additional evidence pointing to Dawson's relevancy in the realm of low budget cult classics, he directed the catastrophic "Yor, the Hunter from the Future. If you've seen this disaster, you know how important Margheriti is to lovers of cheese cinema! I'm dying to see all of these films--and a few others--arrive on DVD. Until then, I'm contenting myself with the precious few of this director's earlier movies that have come out, or are soon to come out, on disc
 There are quite a few things wrong with this movie but it still holds the attention without being irritating. Fans of Westerns will probably find it interesting.  The DVD is quite good although excessively grainy in some shots. Colours are good, the images are strongly focused and the sound is clear and clean.
 I remember this one. We were given 3-D glasses going into the theater and were told, "When the guy in the movie puts HIS mask on, put on YOURS!! Needless to say, there were plenty of BOOO!!! moments. Kind of suspicious of how it will look now. But back then.........if you're into nostalgia and remember this, then buy it. If not, you might e=want to pass.
 i first saw this film on tv when i was about 7 years old, and i remember it as being the first movie that ever scared me. the plot is pretty simple
 To 3D enthusiasts this is a one of the best examples of a black & white 2D film with anaglyph (red/green) 3D sequences.  The idea is that when anyone wears the ancient tribal mask (which looks like a decorated skull) they experience strange hallucinations and they become increasingly neurotic and violent.  Wearing the mask is like an addiction, once tried they have to keep returning to it.  The three bizarre 3D sequences are introduced in an effectively corny way - as a voice tells the man in the film to "put on the mask now the viewer puts on her/his mask (ie 3D glasses).  When the film was first released the glasses were shaped and decorated like a mask.  So the film is an inventive piece of harmless hokey fun with appropriately strange 3D inserts.  However, I found the image in this DVD release quite soft, and although the 3D works quite well (given the process and the variations in viewer's tv screens) I don't think it's as crisp as the Video release from a few years back.  I don't know why this should be - it seems to me there really is no excuse for a DVD not being the best ever quality, even if it's taken from a 35mm print.  These films were projected onto huge screens in cinemas, so why don't they look wonderful on our home screens?  So, a good old classic film but a disappointing DVD.
 I don't know what's up with this release...the DVD I got says nothing about included 3D glasses, and indeed there are NONE.  I went to the manufacturer's website, and the same basic DVD cover is displayed, except theirs says, "3d glasses included right on the front (mine doesn't)...weird.  I see another reviewer here claims their copy came with one pair...who knows?  Video quality is a little hazy, but overall probably an improvement over VHS.  Best 3D is achieved when viewed on a computer monitor.
 This is definitely one of those movies that you have to see only when you're in the right mood for it. Otherwise, the low budget, bad acting, and Elvira lead-in will set you up for a  it's so bad it's good   experience, which would be a pity. This one is out there - a milestone in  the history of the  psychotronic  film. The mundane plot is  offset by the most bizarre  dream  sequences I know of (with the  possible exception of  The Electronic Monster , but let that go  for now....) They were directed by Slavko Vorkapich, a well-known montage  artist whose elaborate work was featured in many films of the 30's and  40's. These sequences are initiated by our stupifyingly dull protagonist  donning an ancient Incan? Aztec? Mayan? ceremonial mask (with the voiceover   Put the mask on NOW! supposedly cuing the audience to put on their 3D  glasses with all the subtlety of a large mallet). There's no point in  trying to describe what happens - they are almost plotless, and feature  violent death, astonishingly weird sets (some are reminiscent of Cocteau's  1946  Beauty and the Beast , although far more sinister; others  are more Lovecraftian, as if Cthulhu was in the wings....) and IF you are  in the right frame of mind, they ARE effective DESPITE the obvious low  budget. (I can only imagine what a true-to-form remake could accomplish  with a decent budget.) So - I'd give the dream sequences 4.5 stars, the  rest of the movie 1.5, and Elvira, well.... ;-)
 A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
 'H', a 2002 Korean police thriller finally making its US DVD debut, tells the story of a pair of police detectives tracking a serial killer.  Only, this isn't your usual run-of-the-mill killer.  This killer is reenacting the crimes of a man who confessed to killing six pregnant women ten years earlier.  The new crimes are exact in their replication of the originals.  The police deduce that the original killer has some sort of connection to the present crimes, so they go to the prison to interrogate him.  Thus the film's comparison to 'The Silence Of The Lambs'.  The cinematography of the film is beautiful, done much like David Fincher's 'Se7en'.  There are some very disturbing visuals(i.e. the horribly bloody crime scenes)and some amazing prop dead bodies(especially the dead woman on the bus with her fetus' leg sticking out of her torn open stomach).  The acting, from what I gather because I don't speak Korean, doesn't seem top notch, which is surprising because one of the film's stars is Jung-Ah Yum who was awesome as a possibly evil stepmother in 'The Tale Of Two Sisters'.  But I think the major problem with this version is the subtitling.  I just don't think whoever did them did the greatest job.  Its not that the lines are nonsensical like in old Kung Fu flicks.  It just doesn't seem that the correct words were used to convey what was actually being said.  I don't know though...maybe its just me.  Overall, 'H' is a decent enough film.  There's no real scares or shocks to speak of being that you've seen most of this stuff before.  The film is well put together with the cinematography giving it tons of atmosphere.  The bloody set dressings and prop corpses are fabulous.  But the movie does tend to drag and the ending is a bit of a reach.  'H' is worth seeing but if you want to see a much better film dealing with the same subject matter, check out another Korean production called 'Tell Me Something' or the Japanese film 'Cure'.
 This is a tough movie to rate. On the one hand you have its overtly derivative nature. Other reviewers have noted the obvious references to 'Se7ven' and 'Silence of the Lambs' and that's all true enough. But on the other you hand you have the deft touch in direction. This is, generally, a well directed film. It's as smooth as silk. The pacing, the camera work, editing, music, costuming are all top shelf.  Here's the scoop. A serial killer is on death row after having turned himself in. The police question him in the hopes of getting clues to whomever is killing women using the same m.o. The story gets a bit more complicated but that's pretty much it in a nutshell.  As I mentioned this is a well made flick and it held my attention the entire time. But it DOES have it's problems. First is detective Kang. He doesn't slowly build to a breaking point throughout the movie. He tips after the first 15 or 20 minutes. It just didn't feel right. Then there is the jailed serial killer. He is, I believe, 22 years old and he waxes philosophic way too much for me. And his philosophizing is a bit too vague for my taste as well. And the ending is rather sucky. I found it too over the top and unnecessary.  This adds up to a bit of a shame. It's sad to see this much talent squandered on such unoriginal material. Serial killers fascinate many of us. And I don't see an end to movies about them being made. But there are some great ones out there and it will take some real imagination to keep the genre going. I'd hate to see it lapse into the murky depths as have some other genres.  That being said, this is still a good watch. If you're into this sort of thing you could do a lot worse.
 This movie certainly had me wondering all of the way.  It starts off with some gruesome murders and we are talking some truly sickening stuff here.  We find out the murders look to be done by a copycat.  The murderer who is being copied is in jail so the cops go and speak with him.  These were by far my favorite parts of the movie.  This kid who plays the serial killer is very good.  I have to say that the movie was very well acted and they did a good job telling the story, it was just a little boring.
 I read your comments that said English subtitles before I bought this dvd.  But there is no English subtitles for deaf people.  I know this movie is good but I have a hard time to understand what people said.
 Not the feel good type that I was looking for.  Some may like it, but not me.
 "Montana Territory...1879...where cattle was king...where the law was a gun...and the men who drove the great herds up from Texas made the rules. They were hard men...they had to be hard to keep alive... And not just the men. Cattle queen Maria Singleton (Alexis Smith) is not about to let a bunch of stinkin' sheep onto prime cattle land. She and Rod Ackroyd (Douglas Kennedy), equally prejudiced against mutton, run things in this section of Montana Territory. It's not going to be easy or pleasant when Morgan Lane (Errol Flynn) shows up on horseback with a lot of sheep following him. All he wants is a chance to prove that cattle and sheep and share the same land profitably. While he's trying to do this, sometimes with humor, sometimes with his fists, men will die, the sneaky Ackroyd will get his, a great stampede will take place and Maria will find out that at least some sheepmen don't stink as much as their sheep.  This routine oater is competently enough made, but there's not an original idea in either the script or the direction. At some point Raoul Walsh is said to have stepped in to help with the directing. Perhaps that's why there are some scenes involving Errol Flynn that have a little juice in them. At 41, Flynn looks his age. He may not be entirely convincing in a fistfight, but for the most part the movie shows him using more charm and brains, not brawn. His looks hadn't yet fallen victim to booze and gravity. That would come in the next two or three years. In The Master of Ballantrae, 1953, he looks as tired and worn as Roger Livesey looks corrupted and drunk, but Livesey was wearing make-up. The Fifties saw Flynn as just another alcoholic and the punch line of jokes. His last movie, released in 1959, the year of his death at age 50, was something called Cuban Rebel Girls.  For those who enjoy S. Z. "Cuddles Sakoll, this shtick-carrying character actor, so cute...so wobbly...so predictable, shows up early in the movie and then just disappears. For those who enjoy music, we hear Celito Lindo warbled around a nighttime campfire and Old Dan Tucker sung by rough cowboys in close harmony. For those who enjoy the bizarre, we even have Errol Flynn strumming a guitar and singing "Reckon I'm in Love"...  "I met a certain someone who makes me feel that way. And ever since I met her I'm a singin' in the saddle `Skidoodle diddle daddle' all the day.  Flynn smiles while singing this, but he must have needed a drink afterwards.  If you're interested in the eternal struggle between cows and ewes, you can't do much better than <a href="http
 For the second year in a row we have been graced with the After Dark Horrofest. Well saying "graced my be a bit overboard considering almost every film developed under this festival has been a disaster to sub par at best. We love the horror genre and encourage the whole indi film movement but there has to be some substence to what we're watching or why bother? Short on budget doesn't mean it has to suck. All it means is you have to rely less on killer effects and dish up a good story with some realistic chills. Mulbery Street actually succeeds in this way to an extent. Not so much scary but the concept definately has a chill factor. Who wouldn't get scared by being preyed upon by rat zombies in a tenament home?  Our story takes place in a New York City tenament home where 6 seperate residents are dealing with the fact that their complex will be demolished due to an urban renewal. One great aspect of the film is the believability of these characters. It's not a bunch of young kids aimlessly running around getting picked off as in the typical horror flicks of today. It's actual real people living their everyday lives. The main character is a former boxer and his close friend who are awaiting the boxers daughters return from Iraq. Then there are a couple of guys who live on the upper floor, one being an elderly man who needs an oxygen tank to survive, and a single mother and her son. So you start to actually care for the characters instead of routing for them to vanish. As they all go about their day the super is trying to get the water to work in the boiler room. While working he's bitten on the arm by a rat. Within minutes he begins to have strange symptoms. He goes upstairs to rest and starts to see hair growing on his ears.  The more time that goes by the worse he starts getting and it becomes obvious to everyone that something strange is going on. The news continues to report rat attacks throughout the city. Roughly every five minutes new breaking news appears stating the rat attacks are becoming so frequent they must suspend all subway service and want everyone to remain inside. What they don't know is that these rats are passing some strange virus around which are turning the infected into rat like zombie creatures. It's a lot like 28 Days Later but with a different storyline. From here on out you follow each tenant as they work together to save themselves from the rat zombies. It does become intense at times and overall is an enjoyable and creepy film. The use of atmosphere is key in this one. They really did a great job driving home the chills in that way. The camera lighting is very dim and you get a very claustrophobic feeling while inside the cramped apartments.  Overall the film was good with some flaws. But why be so cridical on an independent film. Considering the small budget they did a great job. The focus on atmosphere was awesome and the acting was really good. A couple cool facts about Mulberry Street is how they had to shoot essential footage in the middle of the crowded streets of Manhattan without any official permission to film there, and how all the actors in this film are friends or in some way related to the director, so none of them received any payments. Not bad when you factor all that in. So if you're looking for a great film you won't find it in Mulberry Street. But if you go into it expecting an above average indi flick you will really like it. It's definately worth checking out.
 While I love horror movies, one about rodents usually aren't my thing.  However, I enjoyed almost all of the 2006 Horrorfest films, so I was excited to find out there were more the next year!  Mulberry Street is the first of the 2007 Horrorfest films that I watched.  I happened to watch it the same week I saw "I Am Legend and while they are certainly similar in subject matter, they're both very different films.  Mulberry Street is pretty good.  The film is choppy and extremely dark, which frequently makes it hard to tell what is going on.  But, that kind of adds to the suspense.  The actors are all superb, especially the performances by Kim Blair and Nick Damici.  The movie spends a lot developing the characters.  All of them are interesting human beings with a story and not the usual "hot bunch of teenagers.  The ending was a little bit of a shock, but I don't need neat, tidy endings all the time anyway, because let's face it life isn't always neat and tidy.  Good film.
 Mulberry Street (Jim Mickle, 2006)  28 Days Later... ripoff that could have been so much better than it is, but actually isn't half bad. Co-written by Mickle and star Nick Damici (In the Cut), featuring cameos from Larry Fessenden and Debbie Rochon, and about a plague of mutant rats chowing down on New York City--what's not to like?  Plot
 I have to say for a after Dark film it was not to bad. Its better than the first batch they threw out at us. The script follows of group of people living in a run down apartment building. The plague is spread through rats and once bitten you transform into rat. Thats right you transform into a rat. Not completely but just some of the features. This makes for a intresting take on the whole eating people thing. Instead of zombies you are rat-people. The movie starts out kind of slow and then finally picks up then they unleash the carnage. It kind of ends there but for the most part it is entertaining. Just dont aspect to much. The acting is average the gore pretty good. I say its at least a rent but maybe you would want to watch this one before buying.
 They could have used any infection and gotten the same result, rats seemed like a cop-out for me. The story seemed to be like Dawn of the Dead if it had been crammed into a single night. Also, are we to believe that in the entire city, only 2-3 people owned a gun? The characters that were enjoyable were killed off or never got enough screen time, and the ending left off in an allusion like we were supposed to feel something, but there was nothing to feel.While entertaining for the first watch, theres no urge to watch it again, except in the background during a party on Halloween night.
 You know how Toho Production makes a bunch of Godzilla films and then as public interest peters out, they decide to go on hiatus for half a decade or more? I really wish this same thing would happen with character driven zombie films.  Mulberry Street is one of those. An epidemic in New York turns everyone rabid and the close-knit residents of an apartment complex join together to hole up and fight it off. The characters were great, the father reuniting with his daughter finally coming home after being injured in the army, the old best friend who have lived in their apartment for 50 years, and all the peripherals were done wonderfully. The acting was definitely impressive. I have to admit I was convinced.  Unfortunately, I've been convinced before. Lots of times. The locales, the characters, the subplots, the start of the epidemic all have changed, but the core has not. And frankly, I'm feeling the genre was already bursting at the seams of over-saturation a few years back. Granted, there have been a films have been the exception by squeaking in with a fantastic twist or hook or just absolutely stellar comedy, but this hasn't done it.  And speaking of comedy, I couldn't help wondering why this wasn't one. New York gets invaded by RAT PEOPLE. At first contamination, the people still look somewhat human but by the end of the film all the RAT PEOPLE look like a bunch of rodent versions of Count Orloks from Nosferatu with their long noses and hungry eyes. I can't imagine why this movie was played straight. With the characters and subplots written convincingly enough, and the fact that they strayed from inserting typical virus-spawned zombies, I believe the writers could have delivered on some truly golden comedy.  Instead, I'm left watching goofy, crazy rat people plod around, attacking people like zombies have always attacked people (albeit with a couple of instances of crawling through walls), filmed like zombies attacking people has always been filmed, paced like every film of zombies attacking people has ever been paced, and leaving me just plain bored.  I see that Director/Co-Writer Jim Mickle has a new film coming out this year called Stake Land and Mulberry Street certainly gave me enough to have interest in catching this one, but it didn't give me enough interest in itself, sadly.  I suppose if you've managed to never see a character driven zombie film, it's a pretty good one. But if you've already seen a few or, like me, well more than your fair share, it's a little bit too late in the game and its new addition of rat people would be better suited to a comedy.  I was really feeling 2 1/2 stars on this one, but since it really wouldn't be a bad place to start getting into this kind of film I swayed towards 3. I'm just not going to recommend it to any of my fellow zombie movie gluttons--unless after all the zombie films you've seen you've always imagined a movie where Count Orlok splices his genes with a rat, clones himself, and invades New York...and that you've always imagined this movie being played dead straight without any camp value to be found.
 low budget entry in the AFTER DARK HORRORFEST gets credit for its avoidance of stereotypical characters and effective camera work to compensate for its low budget.  its cast of unknowns is very effective and the sense of doom is disturbing.  its not your typical zombie flick and is above average, albeit a little bleak in its ending.
 <a href="http
 I just munch this type of movie up but i was still left wanting something else to eat. The movie seemed to take forever as far as getting something going here. Once it did, it was hard to make scenes out due to the darkness in the film and the acting was just ok but for some reason, I just could not give it a two star. The movie did have its scary moments and i am glad i did purchase the DVD at a cheap rate.
 "Mulberry Street was one of those films that I feel sat on the brink of being a really good movie, but no one gave it a push to send it over.  I thought the idea of rats passing on the virus or whatever to humans who then became more and more rat-like and cannibalistic was really clever.  It's too bad that the movie took that idea and ran away from it instead of with it.  The acting was decent.  You managed to have the opportunity to get to know the main characters well enough to care (or not care) about them as the film progressed.  I enjoyed the idea of the man who was loved by all but basically kept his thoughts and feelings to himself.  I liked the idea of the gay male who was so friendly to everyone.  I even liked the idea of the daughter coming home to hell after her tour of duty.  But, then, like a bolt of lightning, everything burned at the end.  I managed to hang in there to the bitter end thinking, "Okay, here is where it all comes together.  Here is where Daddy saves his daughter at the expense of everything.  And, was I disappointed?  Heck yeah!  They really screwed up a perfectly mediocre movie that was almost worth watching with a 2 minute ending that an eight-year-old could've done better. If you don't mind all of that and can dig really hard for potential, it's worth watching; otherwise, watch it on someone else's dime.
 8 films to die for i was a lil dissappointed with this one rats umm i dunno what to say rent this one it was ok not great and not terrible worthy to rent red box!!
 This is a pretty good movie but, it has a "been there done that feel to it. The actors do a good job with what they have to work with and the movie captures the time period without making it look too ridiulous. Swimming as a sport to watch, is like watching paint dry so, that doesn't help the film either. It's worth a look if you see it on cable, as the based on a true story film does inspire you...a little.
 ***1/2  "Pride is the latest piece of sentimental uplift set in the movie-spun world of real-life sports.  You know the drill.  An idealistic coach takes a ragtag collection of recalcitrant youngsters, and through discipline, hard work, and a litany of inspirational speeches, turns them into a winning team overflowing with character and pride.  When the youths have to battle racial prejudice on top of everything else - as in "Remember the Titans and "Glory Road - well, that's just additional icing on the feel-good cake.  It would be easy to be cynical about a movie like "Pride.  It clearly knows all the right buttons to push as it manipulates the emotions and stacks the decks in ways that could call into question the integrity of its makers.  Yet, for all its slavish devotion to the formula, "Pride works as a movie, thanks, primarily, to the actors who approach their roles with an earnestness and sincerity that bring the concept to life on screen.  Terrence Howard portrays Jim Ellis, a former competitive swimmer, who in 1974 is sent to dismantle a failing rec center run by the Philadelphia Department of Recreation.  Once there, he meets up with a group of inner city boys whom he teaches to swim, and who, as a team, make the transition from hopeless underdogs to state champions in the course of a single season.  Of course, it goes without saying that Ellis has to contend with the initial cockiness and lack of discipline of his own swimmers, but he also has to battle the prejudice of the other all-white teams against whom they compete as well as a local street hoodlum bent on drawing the boys into a life of crime.  Luckily, Howard receives strong support from Bernie Mac, Tom Arnold and a handful of fine young actors who acquit themselves well in the role of the swimmers.  There are times when "Pride lays it on a little thick, when it seems more interested in tugging at our heartstrings than in telling a completely believable story, but I suspect that most members of the audience will be as awash in goose bumps and tears by the end of the movie as the script itself is in cliches.  But then, like it or not, that`s the name of the game when it comes to inspirational sports stories these days.
 This is a very dandy package of two movies
 Ok, here it is. I am a huge fan of Abbott and Costello movies. Africa  Screams is a decent one and has many funny moments but its not their best.  Jack and The Beanstalk is ok but thats about it. You won't go wrong  watching these movies though. So, on this DVD double feature i went Ape and  Not Giant if you get my drift. Ape for Africa Screams and throw out the  magic beans for Jack and the Beanstalk. 3 stars is all i could give!
 Although I am a big Laurel and Hardy fan I will be totally honest about this dvd. In a way I am glad to have these two films on dvd. The quality on the two films do differ. However I feel that the version of Utopia is far superior than the version that was available on video tape. The version of The Flying Deuces is not bad, but it is out of sync. Both versions are complete american versions(the european version of Utopia is longer than the american version) but until that version is available this will sufice. Granted Utopia all around is generally a bad film, but compared to their 1940-1945 films at MGM and 20th Century Fox where they had no say or control on the films they were making, it in a way shows some of thier old style and gags from their Hal Roach films. Stan Laurel was very ill during production and it definitely shows in his appearance and he later regretted completing this film. Today I am glad, as I am sure many people are ,that he at least was able to finish the film. In closing until better versions become available this dvd even though far from perfect is still ok.
 one the whole its not a bad film but it far from the best of laural and hardy films but if your a real fan you wont be that disapointed.  HOWEVER....DURING THE FILM I DID NOTICE A SLIGHT DELAY IN THE SYNC WITH THE  SOUND OF THE FILM!
 There must be some fairy tale or long time story told in China. I have recently viewed two movies that are so very much the same story, told in very different ways. One, <a href="http
 There really isn't much Stephen Chow in 'CJ7', so don't bother watching it for his appearances. Most of the screen time is taken up following a young boy who's poor father (Chow) works very hard to send to a private school. The boy does not fit in with the affluent and aggressive students, and his problems become complicated by the arrival of an alien pet his father finds in the dump.  Fans of Chow's films may greatly enjoy the scenes where the young boy dreams of the miraculous things his new pet might accomplish for him at his school. One of these scenes features a hilarious homage to 'Kung Fu Hustle' that was worth the price of the movie for me, but which would be lost on someone unfamiliar with that film.  Overall
 The version I received was a Taiwanese version dubbed in Mandarin and not in Cantonese. There are commentaries in Cantonese but the movie is dubbed in Mandarin. I like the movie but I wanted it in Cantonese.
 I found this to be an entertaining movie but not one of Chow's best. There were many references to Kung Fu Hustle as well as Shaolin Soccer which were funny but overall the story was lacking. It's a fun movie but not the greatest. I'd say rent it.
 Different from Stephen Chow's other films (Shaolin Soccer, Kung Fu Hustle), CJ7 is an alright, fun one and a half hour family friendly experience.  It takes some getting used to, however since it's a family film and on top of that, Chow doesn't really play the main character. Plus not a whole lot of kung-fu action...  Yeah the CGI effects are cheesy but all in all a light-hearted somewhat touching film. It's not a must-see Stephen Chow film but if you're looking for something to watch when you're bored - CJ7 will suffice.
 i bought this movie cause i was told that it was good....it was ok.  Not bad for 5 bucks i spent.  the story is very good but it has some of the same bull that most run of the mill horror movies have.  the don't go in there parts are stupid cause any reasonable person would not do some of the stupid stuff the girl does.  im a big fan of criminal minds and it kinda reminded me of the show.
 In rural Pennsylvania a psychopath (John Savage) kidnaps a young boy and cuts him. The boy has a medical condition where he does not feel pain, which the psycho mistakes for "no fear. In awe the psycho make Martin (Spencer List) his apprentice, picking up women that no one seems to know is missing.  Nearby, Allison (Alexandra Daddario) moves in with her uncle following the death of her parents. She jogs past the abandoned building where the psycho lives and she becomes curious...  The acting was about what you would expect for a "B horror movie. There is stabbing and blood, but there lacks a certain horror aspect as we don't know most of the victims. I thought I had the movie figured out, but the ending came off as a surprise. The movie sets up for a sequel. Not the worst horror film out there, it just lacks character.  Language and brief corpse nudity.
 Bereavement is a modern horror movie, but tries to be more. It's about a psychotic man that abducts a child, Martin. Martin then begins to experience this man's terrifying crimes. Overall, it's too much of a typical slasher to really excel in the genre.  What did I like? The overall theme of abduction and nature vs nurture in this situation is creepy. It's got some beautiful shots and great music. Also, there were some moments (the hook to the leg!) that actually made me flinch, which doesn't happen often. The ending was also decent and slightly different from a typical horror ending.  What did I dislike? The constant loud and often unnecessary screaming got annoying after a while. There is a scene where she ends up in a freezer and when she turns on  the light, she starts screaming ferociously. But there really isn't anything to scream about since the room is basically empty and everything is covered in rags. Also, the second half of the film quickly turns into a typical slasher. You've probably seen some of the scenes before in another movie. The acting was very mixed; some did well and others did poorly.  Overall, if you're in the mood for a slasher and you've seen the rest, I recommend checking out Bereavement. If you have Netflix Streaming, it is available as of 6/29/12 if you want to save your money.  There is brief nudity, and excessive violence and gore.
 Violent, bloody, gory - and not very well done. Sorry. This film is a prequel to Stevan Mena's first film, Malevolence, another not that great movie, both are about psycho killers, typical slasher movie stuff. The concept itself is interesting - a character study on how a psychopathic killer is crafted under the tutelage of another psychopathic character, but I'm always leery of movies that are directed, produced, written, and even scored by one person - if there's no one around to tell y ou "No - how do you know you're not making crap?
 Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.  Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.  The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.  Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.  The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.  Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.
 As more time goes by, I personally believe it becomes more challenging maybe even difficult to make a horror movie truly scary, fresh and original.  This is mainly due to the plethora of remakes, stale ideas and clich&eacute;s that submerge the horror genre of film.  As for this independent horror movie named "Bereavement", it is able to succeed in some areas and fail miserably in others.  The movie has an interesting plot, rather two plots that end up blending into one.  I actually really like this formula, it was vey engaging.  Story plot one, in 1989 a young boy named Martin who has a rare medical condition that allows him to not feel physical pain is kidnapped.  He is kidnapped by a man who is a psychopath/serial killer named Sutter.  Sutter finds young women, kidnaps them and takes them back to his condemned slaughterhouse and uh...slaughters them.  Now since Martin can't feel pain and he is already a bit touch, Sutter believes Martin is an omen to continue his good work and follow his path of restitution.  Story plot two, fast forward five years later, a 17 year old girl named Allison (played by the attractive Alexandra Daddario) comes to live with her aunt and uncle and 10 year old cousin after her parents die in a car accident.  Allison's uncle is played by Michel Biehn and I have to say I really enjoyed seeing him in a staring role again.  Biehn has a really subtle presence that is so believable.  Well needless to say Allison is ambivalent about staying with her extended family and moving from Chicago to a more rural town.  This promotes some conflict and interesting character development.  Now that Martin has spent five years under Sutters' "guidance it leaves much to interpretation of how watching a man torture and slaughter women can influence one's development. It isn't long before Allison and her family cross paths with Sutter and Martin, which results in some interesting and gory outcomes; it is a horror movie after all.  I have to say that I truly have some mixed feelings about this movie. I found the set up and the pace to be perfect.  The acting was impeccable, for this type of film; there really wasn't a bad performance.  The boy who played Martin did a wonderful job. The unfortunate part was the movie, at least for me, fell apart in the last half hour or so.  The once smooth pace became befuddled, redundant, over the top and suffered so many horror film stereotypes.  I found these pigeonhole movie ruses disenchanting since this movie was doing such a good job of breaking the "norm".  Once the film was over, I felt a bit let down.  I didn't realize until after I watched this movie that it is a prequel to "<a href="http
 Bereavement is the 2010 prequel to indie slasher film Malevolence, written and directed by Steven Mena. If you haven't heard of Malevolence, I can't say I'm particularly surprised. It was a small, almost no-budget slasher film, the story of some bank robbers and their hostages who hide out in a house that turns out to be home to a serial killer.  The one noteworthy plot point to an otherwise aggressively average film was the reveal in the last fifteen minutes that the killer was a boy who was kidnapped by a killer two decades before and brought up to take over killing people. It was the most disturbing concept in the original film, finding the older killer's journal where he talks about how strong the boy is getting, knowing that he would one day become a victim as well.  So it's no surprise that Bereavement takes up that plot as its basis. It is the story of Martin, a six year old boy with CIPA kidnapped by serial killer Graham Sutter. Sutter believes that causing pain cleanses people of sin, and that Martin's insensitivity to pain makes him a pure spirit, the only one sinless enough to deserve to absolve others. So begins his lengthy apprenticeship as Graham carves up a variety of people while Martin watches.  Parallelled to this story is that of Allison, a 17 year old who comes to the small rural Pennsylvania town where Graham works in secret. Allison (played by Alexandra Daddario before her 'star making' turn as the girl in that Percy Jackson movie) is recently orphaned and is coming to live with her uncle Johnathan (played by Michael Biehn reminding us we're all doomed to middle age eventually). She slowly begins to explore the wide open spaces that are now her home, and her and Martin are brought together slowly.  As a horror movie, Bereavement is honestly not particularly great. It's well made, but there are almost no scares in the entire film and when the third act bloodbath finally happens it seems more like lip service to the demands of the genre than something someone was really invested in. A large part of that is because it's a prequel, and so much of the story surrounds the future of Martin, a boy you already know is going to grow up to become a killer.  That said, the movie does invest heavily in its characters. Allison's slow awakening to the world around her, coming out of her grief, is well acted and the small human drama between her and her uncle is genuinely interesting. At the same time, Martin's experiences with Sutter's bloody tutalige are a weird mixture of angry, violent, and sympathetic and sweet. Sutter is a monster, but he is clear-minded in his insanity, and he seeminly takes great care to groom Martin in his image.  There's an interesting story here, about the nature of evil in people and how the circumstances in which one is raised create the person. It's a slow burn and it seems content to take its time building up the characters into people with actual motivations and personalities. It's a rare thing in the genre, and it makes it easy to forgive a lot of its other flaws. Unfortunately, all the subtext of the film eventually gets spelled out and then shoved aside in favor of the genre trappings, Allison in peril and Martin ending up exactly where we already know he will. So when all these interesting characters start getting bumped off, it doesn't heighten the fear, it just seems like so much wasted potential.  Bereavement is better than average for a serial killer movie, to be sure, but I kept hoping it would be something more. Unfortunately, like all genre films and all prequels, it suffers by its expectations. I would have rather seen something revisionist, even at the expense of retconning away the first film, if it would have made a better story. As it is, Bereavement is good parts that never quite come together to make a good film. It is, in the end, more a blip than anything of note, cut down in its prime just like so many of the film's victims.  DVD Notes The movie comes with a 30 minute making of feature that seems more like a home video shot on set than a professionally produced piece of ancilliary material. It's a lot of actors goofing off and director Stevan Mena explaining himself to the camera. This is followed up by a much more conventional promo piece that can be easily skipped.  There are a number of deleted scenes, detailing two rather meaty subplots that were excised completely from the film. They aren't necessary, but they are good character beats. One in particular, involving Sutter being haunted by the memory of his victims, is genuinely creepier than anything that made it into the actual film.  Then there's a commentary by Mena. Mena seems like a nice guy, but he's obviously in love with his film and his actors and watching him talk to himself for 103 minutes about how great everything turned out is more great sleeping material than an informative commentary. It's not a train wreck, but it's perfunctory, which might be worse.
 It's my own fault that I expected more from this movie. I chose it in a rush and based on only one review that said Bereavement is a psychological thriller. Had I researched even a little more I would have quickly learned that Bereavement is a slasher flick.  The movie has a scene in which a teacher very briefly touches on the age old nature versus nurture debate. That is about as psychological as the movie gets.  In the opening scene we meet Martin, a little boy abducted from his home at six years old. Flash forward five years and Martin is living with and witnessing the violent acts of a stab happy maniac. Oooohhhhh... Will Martin end up being a product of his genes (nature) or a product of his experiences (nurture)... The fact that this movie is a prequel is a huge clue.  Character development and plot are lacking, but hey, they really are not that important anyway to this movie. We learn enough about the individual characters to establish the reasons for their decisions (many, many stupid decisions). I was very grateful to not see any scenes in which women wearing high heels run from imminent homicide.  However, adolescent boys will be most grateful for the very generous helping of scenes featuring Alexandra Daddario as the beautiful, tight-tank-top wearing, young, busty heroine. Ms. Daddario was every bit as talented in this movie as she was in "Percy Jackson & The Olympians. (For what that's worth.) The other members of the cast were not as easily recognizable to me but performed every bit as well as Ms. Daddario. (Again, for what that's worth.)  If you are a big "Texas Chainsaw Massacre fan, this movie has many of the same endearing qualities and much higher production values. Personally, I like a lot less blood and gore and more story, but I get that this is a horror film and know that it is right up the alleys of many members of a much younger demographic.  All in all, I didn't hate it.
 BEREAVEMENT (2010) is a ghastly exercise in psychopathic misogyny, crimes perpetrated by a violent maniac who adds outrage to the mortal woundings he inflicts in a dungeon-like abbatoir by forcing a six-year-old boy he'd previously kidnapped to watch the slaughtering of bound and sometimes impaled young women. Graham Sutter's murder spree is in response to orders he receives from the skull of a dead bull, which is mounted on a wall in a place of honor. He often has one-sided arguments with this... thing.  Martin's got a condition that doesn't allow him to feel physical injury, so when Sutter slices open his cheek or pins his hand to a wooden table by ramming a carving knife through it, the boy has no reaction. Viewing Sutter's murders does cause young Martin to flee...at first, and try to help some of these condemned girls to escape. It's easy to anticipate what this poor kid will do later in the story.  The first stomach-turning killings are of nameless females. Soon though, we meet a teen named Allison, the uncle and family who adopted her after her folks were killed in a car wreck, also Allison's boyfriend William and his dad, which is essentially a cameo by John Savage. Like his character in <a href="http
 Well I had mixed feelings after watching this movie and to be perfectly frank, had they had a couple of different actors and a bit more money in the budget, it could have been a whole lot better. Now that isn't to say or imply that this movie isn't worth seeing, but I personally had issues with not so much the movie itself, but the portrayal of all the stupid "blonde bimbos that seem to be so pervasive in horror movies. I mean really isn't there any females out there that have even a few brain cells between their ears and the ability to NOT scream and whine and cry at every conceivable moment? The only decent female character in this movie is the main character Alison.  Also, regardless of the community size, but especially a small farming community, wouldn't it seem to be a VERY BIG DEAL if young women were constantly turning up missing? Not quite so in this movie though.  Now I am not going to give the plot of the story away, but it did have a few interesting moments and a couple of semi-okay twists, but it is definitely not a <a href="http
 Bereavement  This movie started out pretty good. But as it progressed, it became predictable. That isn't to say that it wasn't good, just not as much to scare or thrill you with. The gore factor isn't so bad because the scenes are really dark. I normally watch these kinds of movies so it doesn't bother me as much as it might for someone who doesn't normally view horror movies.  Martin Bristol is kidnapped from his backyard swing set, he is just six years old. He is kidnapped by a serial killer. Because of Martin's disorder, CIPA , the serial killer takes Martin's silence for no fear and finds this an acceptable trait to keep him around to help him clean up his messes. Martin spends years with this serial killer watching him kill.  The characters in Bereavement aren't particularly endearing. What kept my interest mostly was trying to figure out the little boy Martin. The movie touches on the theory of what makes a serial killer- things like environment or what's ingrained in the person that makes them want to kill.  As someone mentioned, this is a prequel to Malevolence. In Malevolence, the little boy, Martin Bristol, from Bereavement is now several years older and is involved with the killings in Malevolence. Bereavement certainly piques my curiosity to see Malevolence again. Malevolence has less substance in the way of background of the killer and after seeing Bereavement it makes it more interesting. Overall, I think Bereavement is a good flick to rent but I don't think I would spend the money to buy it.
 Bereavement seems to start off as two different movies in one.  On one hand, you have the crazy serial killer who talks to the skull of an animal who kidnaps and kills teenage girl by stabbing them repeatedly in their stomachs.  He has also kidnapped an "apprentice a young boy who does feel pain.  Across the town there is a coming of age story of a teenager (Alexandra Daddario, Percy Jackson) who moves in with her uncle after her parents die in a car accident.  She has to adjust from growing up in the big city of Chicago to small town Pennsylvania and naturally this involves a boy from the wrong side of the tracks.  About an hour into the movie the two genres finally collide when Daddario sees the small boy in the window of an abandoned meat packing plant and goes in to investigate.  Naturally a bad idea.  Bereavement attempts to be a thinking man's horror movie and almost achieves it.  It is a nice diversion from the genre than your run of the mill slasher flick without a discernable plot.  But if you do like horror films where the kills get bigger and more elaborate, this is not for you.
 This story is low on the horror, high on the gore.  Strange on the morality, even the folks who don't smoke or have sex end up poorly.  The acting was okay.  The cinematography was not so bad.  The story was rural, limited, and the set up for a sequel is weak at best.  I cannot recommend this movie.
 "Bereavement, the prequel to "<a href="http
 This was a moderately lackluster effort with no real scares and a story that was not fully realized.  The film attempts to make a statement about the influence of nature vs. nurture, but misfires completely.  I don't want to say anything about what goes on in the movie, so I will make this veiled.  We don't know anything about the little boy who is taken, other than that he can't feel pain.  We don't know if he had a super nice life or, really, anything about him or his home, as the film glosses over this very quickly.  He could have had a horrible home or a great home; we don't know.  The ending is not something that you wouldn't see coming and it doesn't say anything about the apparent subject of the movie in any real way, as we don't have any background on the little boy.  On top of this, we never really understand the killer's motivation.  He seems to be super sorry for working at the slaughterhouse or some such nonsense, but this isn't explained and is left for the viewer to decide if his insanity is simply run-of-the-mill insanity, or some sort of ideological madness.  At any rate, the killer's motivation is not explored and renders his acts meaningless; blood for shock.  If I had to really say other things that are wrong with this movie, I would say that everything is simply perfunctory.  Everything in the movie just is and there is no reason for it.  People do dumb things as in all horror movies and the outcome is the same.  I would give this 3/5.
 Okay, I may have misinterpreted other reviews, but one shadow stabbing another shadow is not gorey, is it?  It seems almost censored.  This is NOT FRIGHTENING.  It is suspenseful.  If that's what you like, you'd probably prefer a better plot, or better acting on the part of the serial killer, one of the main roles.  What irritates me most about this movies though is what bothers me for all generic horror movies.  That is... the women screaming, they all seem like the same person with differnt faces.  Their whining and wailing after beening tied up for days seems very implausible.  What would be plausible, go into shock I'd think.  What he does is not much different from crucifixion without the nails, thus shock.  But not so shocking.  Their justification for him killing women is so absurd, it's hysterical.  You can't take this movie seriously on many levels.  Highly overrated
 BEREAVEMENT is an extremely dark and disturbing film.  Director Steven Mala pulls few punches in this brutal look into the mind of a psychotic serial killer. A prequel to 2004's MALEVOLENCE, the movie focuses on a small Pennsylvania town unknowingly harboring a killer who abducts, tortures and murders young girls.  He also kidnaps a 6-year old boy who suffers from a condition that prevents him from experiencing any kind of pain.  Their subsequent association is the most chilling aspect of the film. Michael Biehn, Alexandra Daddario and Gerard Funk give solid performances and Spencer List is chilling as the little boy. BEREAVEMENT is not a pleasant cinematic experience, but it definitely has an impact.
 I watched this movie with two other horror fans that I get together with once to twice a month for movies. This review is going to reflect all three of our opinions.  The visuals were excellent particularly the lighting. Too often horror substitutes darkness for acting or suspense.  The acting was average to below average in quality but much of this reflected the very two-dimensional nature of the majority of the characters including the female lead whom was set up to be the heroine throughout much of the film.  The best acting came from the boy you can see on the cover and he never said a single word.  Good horror has to go beyond gore. There was a fair amount of gore here but primarily it was not overdone at all.  We need to feel something for those characters in danger to connect in some fashion and care about what happens. Sadly the script didn't develop our expanding pool of victims in any real way so we felt nothing.  The serial killer however was fairly developed even undergoing some change and growth in the film.  We got to see a bit about his past, we could figure out his mental problem, we saw him struggle with it and his warped sense of morality.  We just really don't feel like siding with the killer and thus we never were emotionally invested enough to say this was beyond three stars.
 Unlike many modern horror films, Bereavement does have an overall storyline.  I.e., it's not just multiple scenes of violent killings strung together loosely by a so-called "plot.  The serial killer of this story kidnaps a young boy and "apprentices him.  A grieving young woman moves in with her uncle & his family nearby, in the same rural community where the killer operates.  She discovers the boy, then begins to try and save him.  The acting in this film is pretty good, including Brett Rickaby as Sutter, the killer, and Alexandra Daddario as Alison, the neighboring teenager.  Two "name actors, Michael Biehn and John Hurt, have relatively minor roles.  Ms Daddario is a particularly beautiful actress and previously appeared in Hall Pass and the Lightning Thief movie.  The movie contains some compelling images, such as a couple of shots of psycho Sutter on the roof of his slaughterhouse, silhouetted against a sunset sky.  The plot device of the boy's condition is used very effectively.  I would have liked a "happier ending, but will concede that the there is more shock value in the way it ends now.  There is a lot of blood & gore in this flick, although it's not all gratuitous.  Still, this movie is not for the faint of heart.  The filmmaker, Stevan Mena, is a multi-talented guy.  Besides writing, producing and directing, he even wrote the music!  (a la John Carpenter)  His score for the film works very well to heighten the suspense.
 I have not seen the film that this is a prequel of so I cannot comment on that.  This film starts with a little boy who has the inability to feel (Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis though I can't recall what they called it) being kidnapped by a man who we become quickly aware is a serial killer.  The man takes the boy and raises him to follow in his serial killing footsteps.  Several girls are kidnapped and killed until they finally kidnap the wrong girl.  I was excited to see several of the actors listed on this film, and I'd have to say that most of the acting is above average for an indie horror.  But this film never really pulls the viewer in.  Perhaps because we didn't know the boy before his kidnapping, or we never really know any of the girls who are being killed.  My biggest complaint with the film is some of the directing and screenwriting.  We see several girls kidnapped and killed... all from the same small town, but no one seems to notice.  There is no warning out about girls going missing, no comment that anyone even notices that they are gone.  Also there is no follow up with the boy's family to see that they did anything to find him after his kidnapping.  There is just a serial killer, a little boy and whichever girl they have at the time.  Now granted we get to know our final girl... that her family was killed and now she has to live with her aunt and uncle.  She doesn't seem to mourn them, doesn't really seem to show much emotion at all through the film.  Everyone seems a bit hollow.  Sure they may be saying caring words but there was little familial chemistry between anyone.  My biggest annoyance probably won't bother many others - the screams... I'm sorry but when you start getting hacked up, the screams won't be one long unwavering sound.  The screams were just girls screaming with no correlation to what was happening to them.  In the end, this movie is alright, but nothing that anyone needs to see.  I was hoping for something a little more cerebral, especially since the director seems to have been going for that.  But the film never really rises above "b status though it is to pretty and visually slick for a B movie.  When the film ends it won't cross your mind again or lead to any great discussions.  And since it is from the perspective of the killers, there really isn't any shock or stay with you afterward type scares.  You'll watch it and forget it.
 This horror film is based on a semi autobiographical novel by Rula Jebreal. It is a prequel to Malevolence which I liked more. This movie centers on a boy who is taken from his home. He is made to watch horrible things his captor does who is a psychotic killer. They live in a farmhouse in an isolated area which prevents others from knowing what is going on there. But then a girl moves into a nearby farmhouse and suspects there is something going on. The acting is fair but once you've seen the first stabbings there isn't much more to it until the last 20 minutes or so. I found myself wanting to fast forward through the middle of the movie but didn't so I could properly review it. I was hoping something different was going to happen but that wasn't the case. I didn't find this movie scary but has a lot of gore. Gore for gores sake. Music and suspense cause me to be scared. The hint of seeing something or hearing something that may be scary. When it's just in your face stabbing and gore it doesn't scare me as was the case with this movie.
 ST. CLAIR DVD multi-packs are reasonably priced, and offer fine quality video/audio transfers of unrestored public domain material. Discs are single-side recorded, plastic storage cases fairly sturdy, liner notes appear on box's back cover and most DVDs include bonus items.  Disc #1 of ST. CLAIR's COMBAT AMERICA box set contains seven volumes of "The Air Force Story. Disc #2 has six entries in "The Great Generals series. Disc #3 features documentaries by Frank Capra and others.  MILL CREEK's <a href="http
 It fulfills the contract for a sequel and maybe a third spin off will come from it. The movie was a B-
 "Why Did I Get Married Too reunites the four couples again for their annual marriage retreat, this time in the Bahamas. It's pretty much the same scenario and plot from the first installment, but this time it's just not that interesting to watch. Sheila's ex-husband shows up alone and unexpectedly to the retreat just to "diss Troy (Sheila's new hubby) and make everyone uncomfortable. Angela is talking trash once again, and provides the most laughable moments. Lou Gossett, Jr. and Cicely Tyson have a cameo appearance as an elderly couple who still love each other after years of marriage. Their story provides probably the only endearing moment of the entire film.  Then there's the usual dialogue about marriage - the guy talk, the girl talk, some drinks, some jokes, some insults and then when the couples return home, that's when all of the trouble begins. I won't go into all of the details, but it's just not plausible that four couples, who are friends, would have so much extreme drama going on in their lives at the same time. This movie was just drama for the sake of drama, and it added nothing to the first "Why Did I Get Married? which was an excellent movie. I don't know why Tyler Perry even bothered to make a sequel other than to perhaps keep Malik Yoba employed and to show that Janet's acting skills have slightly improved.  Like everyone else, I love Tasha Smith's "Angela character, but she was just way over the top this time. (No man would stay married to a woman who clowns like that in public ALL THE TIME.) The ending was completely unnecessary, considering that this was supposed to be a "romantic comedy". It's obvious that TP didn't really know how to end the movie, so he kept piling on more & more drama until he finally ran out of ideas. (For example, showing up clowning on someone's job just to embarrass them after you've already smashed up the crib? Was this necessary?) I was exhausted after the movie ended. Just way too much melodrama within a 2-hour period. Hopefully, there won't be a "Why Did I Get Married 3? (or "Why Did I Get Married Again?"), but somehow (unfortunately) I think there will be one.
 Taking place 3 years after the original, Why Did I Get Married Too? finds the same group of college friends on a week long retreat to discuss and improve their relationship/marital issues. Terry (Tyler Perry) and Diane (Sharon Leal) seem to have bounced back from their previous issues and are devoted parents to their young son and daughter. The loudly overdramatic Angela (Tasha Smith) and Marcus (Michael Jae White) are still fighting, although he's gotten a job as a sportscaster and finally has his act together. Angela is still obsessed with the idea that he's cheating and her irate behind screams out her suspicions to anyone who'll listen. After divorcing her abusive ex-husband Mike (Richard T. Jones), Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to the more loving sheriff Troy (Lamann Rucker) and the two now have a baby boy. Last but not least are author/professor Patricia (Janet Jackson) and Gavin (Malik Yoba), married for 14 years and viewed as a model for the "perfect couple (of course there's no such thing) among their friends.  Instead of going back to Colorado, the gang vacays at a lush Bahamas resort that seems like heaven on earth. Unfortunately, paradise gets ugly with the unexpected arrival of Mike. The unworthy fool wants Sheila back, but girlfriend's havin' none of it! She's not the passive doormat she once was and has no fear in standing up for herself. To make matters worse, Patricia announces to the group that she and Gavin are getting a divorce.  Much like the first film, the ish really hits the fan once everyone goes back home. The civility between Patricia and Gavin crumbles once Gavin stakes claim to the money made from her books. Pat's not going down without a fight and things get beyond nasty. Terry suspects his wife of infidelity, a deal between Sheila and Mike threatens to destroy her marriage to Troy, and Angela's antics get even more out of control. Can these couples get it together or will the drama do them in for good?  Before I go into the cons, I have to talk about Janet's performance. While the original showcased Jill's impressive acting chops, the sequel is clearly Ms. Jackson's and she shuts it DOWN! Especially once Pat drops her icy "keep it together although everything's falling apart facade and loses her mind. "YOU WANT CRAZY?! I'LL SHOW YOU CRAZY!!!! Her big brother Mike passed away in the middle of shooting and it's clear that the intense scenes were cathartic for her. The pain, anger, and sadness shine through and are at times hard to watch.  Now to the not so good things. Way too heavy on the melodrama for my taste. The strength of the first Married was how relatable and believable the issues were and how they were dealt with. This time around it seems like Tyler Perry had more drama than he knew what to do with and didn't know how to go about mending things in a believable way. The scene at the hospital was a poor attempt, I'm afraid. Angela and Marcus' fights were obviously used for comic relief, but didn't we go through all this in the first movie? It's such a retread and a time filler imo.  Despite the disappointments, the movie wasn't a total failure. The other cast members did well with their performances and I love Janet's ballad Nothing that's played as a short instrumental throughout the film and heard in full during the credits. The lyrics pull from the story ("Tell me what could the problem be, that's got you drinking way too much .... "You can even have the password to my phone") and calls for a significant other to drop all "jealousy or insecurities and know that nothing that come between them. Beautiful. In closing, Married Too isn't as good as the first, but it has it moments. Check it out.
 I enjoy Tyler Perry's work and after seeing Why Did I Get Married, of course I had to see the follow-up.  The story line was ok but the character Angela was just too much and too loud!  No one would be married to this woman and why should spouses give each other their cell or email passwords.  Just because you are married doesn't mean you can't have privacy...it's called TRUST!!  Husbands, wives, and couples in a committed relationship should stay out of each others purses, wallets, and electronic devices.  I'm married and my husband NEVER answers my phone.  One time my phone was ringing and I asked him to get it for me, he said let it go to voice mail.  If you want to check your spouse's cell, just get a detailed bill.  I assume most married people are on the family plan anyway.
 I thoroughly enjoyed "Why did I get married? despite being dragged to the theatre to see it. I was in a relationship at the time and was told I was similar to the one of the characters.  So when the sequel arrived, I was excited to see what had 'become' of them? Had Angela and Marcus finally worked their issues out? Would all the characters be happier as it seemed they were at the end of the first movie?  **Spoilers**  The movie opens and you get the backdrop that the couples are going on their annual retreat but this time to the Bahamas. A lot has changed. Children have been introduced and strains have been added to other marriages.  What I had enjoyed about the first flick was the 'bond' between the couples as well as their bonds as girlfriends and guy friends.  In the second film, each character seemed to have changed and left a different feel to the film. The same actors were used but you could sense that they all were somehow not the same.  It's a movie I would watch again to see if I missed something in the theatre.. but I'm not sure I'd own this sequel.
 I loved the first movie "Why did I get Married and thought I would enjoy this one as well.  Whereas the first film dealt with serious marital issues there was also quite a bit of comedy laced in, which I liked.  The second one didn't have any comedy (or not much) and everything was so gut-wrenching and sad I almost couldn't take it. All of their problems were huge and just seemed so depressing-- it did make me cry a lot. It's very well acted but I guess I was looking for a little less serious themes, as in the first one.
 I didn't see the first movie so missed some of the back story.  Exceptional acting here and very touching performance by Janet Jackson.  Good values and practical information for marrieds.  Tyler Perry is a master at what he does - all different things - and this is one of the best.
 did not like the way it ended the first one why did i get married was much better and i did not like the way it eneded.
 Tyler Perry has been films about marital problems and women struggling to find a foothold (mostly African American)for several years, these films have been successful and have found a niche audience. Mostly his films are very well made and have good plotlines. WDIGM2 is a sequel to WDIGM and supposedly tries to move the story forward. At the heart of the story is Patricia (Janet Jackson) and her suffering husband Gavin (Malik Yoba). Terry ( Tyler Perry)  who suspects his wife Diane (Sharon Leal) is cheating on him, Angela (Tasha Smith) is convinced her husband Marcus (Michael Jai White), is cheating on her. Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to former sheriff Troy (Lamman Rucker), having relocated cannot find a job. These suffering couples meet at a marriage retreat in the Bahamas (so lovingly captured ) to reflect on their marriages. Trouble starts when Mike (Richard T Jones), Jill Scotts ex husband arrives. The film follows these couples and their imploding marriages. The actors do a decent job and Janet Jackson is an improvement. Tyler Perry directs and once again does a decent job in making this very predictable tale interesting partly because he is skilled in his craft. Production values are superb but I wish that they had concentrated on the script a tad bit more. On the whole, I enjoyed the movie and yes, there is going to be a sequel. I gave it three stars. 10/27/10
 success sprouts triteness with rapidly produced projects.  Perry needs to go back to the drawing board
 I gave it three stars because Janet Jackson was good. 5 stars for her.3 stars for her and the whole movie. Tyler Perry is using the same material. Nothing changed. Angela in the airport acting like a fool was really dumb. But Janet was awesome. I loved her. Other than that I can do without.
 The Movies are Great classics and that is the only reason I did not send them back. They could had done a better job on recording to the DVDs. Video and Audio Quality was some what ok on 2 or 3 movies, but even then they looked as if they use no Contrast,and a continually alot of spotty snow, crackle audio.
 I was a little disappointed by the brevity and lack of substance or suspence. But these movies were made a long time ago and I did enjoy seeing the great stars from that era.
 Consistently beautiful and interesting composition and staging. Completely unengaging on an emotional level. I found myself often appreciative of what I was seeing but caring not at all about what I was watching.
 The Bottom Line
 This is one of the great European films, and it's just great that it has been given an almost proper release, BUT, there are HUGE bright YELLOW subtitles almost right in the MIDDLE of the screen. Why? This makes the film almost unwatchable. They are so OBTRUSIVE it is almost better watching the dubbed version. Don't buy this. Wait and see if there is a less horrible version released in Europe.
 I enjoyed Clouseau as always.  I was glad to add this DVD to my collection.  The service was also good.
 "Scary Movie parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Blair Witch Project will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves.  This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
 It's a funny movie, though funny-stupid. It's the parody of couple of the movies, which makes it even more interesting and funny. "I know what you did last summer", "Scream", and "The Matrix are couple of the movies that you might recognize while watcing Scary movie. It's dumb, but it's funny. You don't have to think a lot while watchig it. Fun to watch with a group of people.
 Silly humor is probably one of the trickiest art forms.  Parodies also fall into that category.  And this film is a perfect examples of what separates an amusing movie from a classic.  To begin with, a lot of this humor is just too lowbrow.  I have nothing against lowbrow, but gross out jokes get old real fast, so you've got to have something else.  Unfortunately, this movie has too many one joke scenes that stretch on too long.  It's a very fine line between funny and kind of stupid, and clearly the Wayans Bros. don't always know the difference.  The other fatal flaw involves parodies.  When you make a beat-for-beat parody, you risk losing the part of the audience that hasn't seen what you're making fun of.  There were jokes here based on fads I had to strain to remember.  And we're talking about a movie made about five years ago.  It's an okay film with a few chuckles.  Nothing special.  If you're a fan of the genre, you'll probably enjoy it once or twice.  But that's about it.
 i liked this movie alot, but there were some things that were boring and sexual. If you want a funny movie this is it, but be ready for some R scenes. WARNING
 This would be a great movie to watch with a large group of people. THere are far too many, shall we say, disgusting parts to actually sit down and watch this one on your own. While Scary Movie does have its moments (The I know what you did last summer (or Halloween) scene is great), there are enough other problems to overshadow the funny parts. Had they left out most of the sex jokes, it would have been a much better movie.
 Parody films are always a dicey venture. They're the easiest type of comedy to do, but can be the hardest to do right. SCARY MOVIE actually pulls it off, but not enough to call it a success.  Strike One
 I'm hardly a fan of bathroom humour in general and watched this movie expecting to sneer at it.  But I ended up enjoying it.  Quite a bit.  It's actually nice to see a movie that's not only totally bonkers and completely no-holds-barred in its crude humour, but also has no pretenses whatsoever to being anything greater -- and therein lies the charm of Scary Movie. The best thing about this movie is newcomer Anna Faris.  Despite the presence of comedy stalwarts like the Wayans brothers and Shannon Elizabeth (Dish Dogs, American Pie), Faris easily walks off with the movie with her Katie Holmes impression.  By taking some of the more outrageous gags seriously, Faris makes funny gags even funnier, and every time her arrow-straight treatment of scenes metamorphoses into an absurd gag, the contrast is delicious. Most importantly, Scary Movie treats its own absurdity with a grain of salt.  Absurdity is an overused device, and many an indie film has sunk to the bottom because of self-importance and a holier-than-thou  hip  factor.  Scary Movie never tries to make any grand statements, and instead of trying to pretend to be a satire (eg. South Park), it is content to remain a parody and therefore is easier to warm to.  It realizes that nothing this heavyhanded can be truly satirical and succeeds by keeping its ambitions small. My one objection lies in the amount of violence against women.  I have to admit, the funniest scene for me is the  I'll kill you myself  scene, but it gets to be a bit much.  Was it really necessary to see the broken leg, for example?  Or the garage-door gag, which isn't even all that funny?  Violence against women is a motif in slasher films, but in a comedy like this, too much of it adds an unpleasant tone. The DVD edition, aside from the ability to select chapters, really doesn't carry much unless you have a DVD-ROM.  I don't, so I'm relegated to just one short, fairly obvious documentary about the concept of the movie (not great, though not bad), and some deleted scenes.  One of these is terrific, but I can't help thinking this DVD edition a little short on bonus material.  Perhaps the bulk of it is in the DVD-ROM -- still, couldn't they have let us DVD-player owners in on it?
 Simultaneously the funniest and most pathetic movie I've ever seen. How does Scary Movie accomplish that? Easy. They take some truly hilarious dialogue and sprinkle it with perhaps the most hackneyed plot and scripting ever seen in motion pictures. This movie would have been so much better if it didn't constantly make reference to the fact that they were following a script. That worked in movies like I'm Gonna Get You Sucka and Hollywood Shuffle, but Scary Movie totally overdoes it by using it as a means of progressing the  plot .  Anyway, the movie is still worth seeing only for the insanely funny killer and rips on Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Everything else should be ignored if at all possible.
 This movie was entertaining. It spoofed on all of the scary movies of the past 5 years and it did a great job. It wasn't a stupid comedy like we are  used to. Carmen Electra was beautiful like usual, even though her character  was short-lived. The Wayans perfectly fit the characters. There were so  many parts that I was amazed they kept in the movie, I am glad somebody  didn't try to cut them out. Too much censorship now-a-days. The movie is  not a mind challeging experience, but one you can just sit back and enjoy.  It runs less than two hours, which is nice. If you are a fan of comedies,  aren't looking for a serious movie and aren't easily offended, you will  enjoy this film.
  Scary Movie  parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as  Scream ,  I Know What You Did Last Summer ,  The Sixth Sense , and  The Blair Witch Project  will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves. This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
 i thought it was very crude and disgusting, but kinda funny in a way. like, for example, i don't think that a guy shoving his penis through another guy's ear or someone taking a pic of a guys small penis is funny. but i think that a woman trying to get through a whole in a garage door is funny, lol. but i guess it was alright. i give it 3-1/2 stars
 Scary Movie, definitely cleaner than its sequel, has its funny parts and its idiotic parts...The first 15 to 20 minutes is hilarious, but the rest of the film just has bits and pieces that are funny. Little of the raunchiness is funny, but you kind of have to laugh for its failed attempt...Scary Movie rates 3 out of 5 for its effort and its 15 minutes of fame...otherwise this film is poor...
 Okay, come on, you didn't really expect a parody to be scary, did you? But neither was SCREAM, and it was still a brilliant movie. Right off the bat, I'm going to say that I enjoyed nearly every minute of watching SCARY MOVIE. So why only 3 stars? For a start, not all the jokes work. Many of them are hilarious, from the simple stuff like the first  fart joke  to the parody of  Amistad / Titanic , and the way the actors recite their lines virtually verbatum from SCREAM, but in a way to make you realize just how ridiculous the lines sounded. Others however, like the cheap  Matrix  spoof and the  it's like we're in a movie  jokes, are neither funny nor original. The creators of SCARY MOVIE knew that not all the jokes would work. Their answer is to throw them at you so fast that before you can start to really hate one, they move you on to the next. With regards to acting, the performances are corny, and they know it. That's what makes it so funny. The actors who play Bobby and Greg, however, seem to be taking their roles a little too seriously. Anna Faris, who plays Cindy, does a great job of treading the fine line between being ridiculous and being too sincere. All in all, this is an enjoyable movie. The DVD doesn't contain that much in the way of extras, but it's worth the price. The nice thing about this movie is that you'll find something to enjoy whether you're a SCREAM fan or a SCREAM hater, because it both mercilessly attacks it and gently pokes fun at it at the same time.
  Scary Movie  is getting a lot of comparisons to  Airplane  and its spiritual descendants, the  Naked Gun  movies. And while that's cleary what's intended,  Scary Movie  falls far short of the mark. For one thing, the secret to the success of  Airplane  wasn't that every joke was a gem. Rather, the jokes came so fast and furious that you eventually found one that made you cry with laughter. And with multiple jokes a minute, that ended up being a pretty good amount of laughs.  Scary Movie,  though, is a Wayans brothers film, and is paced more like the superior  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka,  which took on the blacksploitation film genre. In both films, a great deal of time is spent recreating an authentic environment -- much of  Scary Movie  is shot-for-shot identical to  Scream  or  I Know What You Did Last Summer  -- and inviting the audience to laugh at it. That works for  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka  -- the films of the 1970s were already so ridiculous that only time and distance were needed to make them hilarious -- but not so well for  Scary Movie,  as nothing's particularly funny about looking out of the back window of Carmen Electra's house and seeing the exact same shot of the backyard pool that opened  Scream.  It's technically impressive, but not funny in itself. Beyond that, the Wayans brothers this time around are obsessed with male genetalia, homosexuality and women's feelings about oral sex, with a few fart jokes thrown in. If that's the height of humor to you, grab this movie, and godspeed. But if you are hoping there's more, the bad news is that there's not much else to recommend this movie. We get some spot-on impersonations of the actors of  Scream  and IKWYDLS, some surprising non-horror spoofs tossed in (including one very nice one for when the real killer is revealed) and several scenes that have good shock value to them, but if you know they're coming, they're really not all that funny. (The movie theater bathroom scene parodying the opening of  Scream 2  could have been much funnier if the writing had actually gone farther than it did, which is unusual for a movie that doesn't otherwise ever NOT go too far.) The biggest surprise of this movie, really, is Carmen Electra, in this film's counterpart role to that of Drew Barrymore in the original  Scream.  For the first time ever, she shows that she can actually act. She also gleefully tears into her own public persona, from the men she  dates  to the secret of her career-making figure. The movie is diminished once her part ends, and -- hard to believe I'm saying this -- hopefully some director will have noticed what she does in this movie and gives her a chance to be more than a sexpot in some other film. None of this is to say that  Scary Movie  is a bad movie -- my wife and I are big fans of the  Scream  series (well, the first two, at least), and we found this to be a fun rental -- but it just doesn't merit repeat viewings like  Airplane,   The Naked Gun  or  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka  do. This is a rental.
 Scary Movie is a spoof of recent  horror movies (I Know what you did Last  Summer, Scream, Scream 2, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project)   and it even makes fun of non-horror films like (The Usual Suspects,   Titanic and The Matrix). When it's not making fun of movies though   it's making fun of everything else, how this movie round up with an   R-Rating and isn't NC-17 is beyond me because I don't think I've seen   so many penis jokes, gay jokes, or racist jokes in one movie. Scary Movie   offers alot of laughs but what got me giggling the most was the special-ed   student and part-time security guardd Doofy, the retarted deputy who's   obviously poking fun at Dewey from Scream. He was the showstealer   for me because all his lines were just hilarious and were delivered   great by Dave Sheridan. Also good in their roles are Shawn   Wayans as a gay football player who slaps the butt of each player   as they go by in the lockerroom, Marlon Wayans as a pot smoking horror   film buff. Newcomer Anna Faris as Cindy gets alot of laughs as well.   She has alot of funny scenes where she actually pokes fun at herself   alot of times in the movie and is just totally natural about it which   makes her scenes work even better. If you thought (There's Something   About Mary, American Pie or Road Trip) were raunchy well then you've   seen nothing until you've seen Scary Movie. Don't get me wrong some   jokes don't work but most of them do. Scary Movie is the funnest time   I've ever had at the movies, I can't recall the last time I laughed   so hard. It's the first time I can actually say that I really enjoyed   a stupid movie.
 One of the raunchiest multi-spoofing flicks to come across the way in a long time, the Wayans brothers have surprisingly succeeded in drawing audiences in for their eye-popping sight gags and flagrant innuendo, grossing millions of dollars in the process and earning the begrudging respect of films critics everywhere. It borrows themes from quite a few blockbusters, the main ones being  Scream  (1 and 2 of the tiresome trilogy) and  I Know What You Did Last Summer , teen-mania slashers that were BEGGING to be satirized. It also pokes fun at the quixotic visual effects of  The Matrix , makes mention of the M. Night Shyamalan Oscar-starved film  The Sixth Sense  and borrows renowned cinematic techniques from  The Blair Witch Project  and  Titanic . There are probably many more bits and pieces of other movies I've missed while watching it, but the broadly vulgar material makes it hard to recognize.  Scary Movie  is the athenaeum... of toilet humor carried by the no-holds-barred directorial style that the Wayans brothers offer. Some of it was almost too much to handle for certain people; they claimed that  Scary Movie  was hurdling the boundaries of bad taste and that the rating systems should've bequeathed unto it an NC-17 classification on account of its appalling gags and the impropriety of full-frontal male nudity... It also makes blatant jokes about homosexuality and the minorities (ex. - Anna Faris types the words  White woman in trouble  to hastily summon the police in an emergency).  Although we have witnessed many a character performance before from the creators of this picture, the other cast members are amusing and memorable. First off, we have Anna Faris (a blue-eyed version of Katie Holmes) portraying the crisis-ridden Sidney from the Scream films, a victim of her own stupidity. Her character is aptly named Cindy Campbell and she is the straightest performance in this movie, making the laugh quotient that much more abundant. Remember Nadia, the sexy exchange student from the teen sex farce  American Pie ? Shannon Elizabeth is back, this time playing a complete airhead as Buffy Gilmore, a carbon copy of Rose McGowan's bimbo in  Scream  (and she gets slaughtered just as quickly). Dave Sheridan (a poor man's Jim Carrey) is a little tough to take at times with his overexerted and shameless interpretation of Doofy, Buffy's mentally-handicapped brother. As always, SNL's Cheri O'Teri is a riot as the Gayle Weathers replica Gail Hailstorm, the fanatical TV reporter who chews people up and spits them out without a second thought. James Van Der Beek makes an amusing cameo, but the most brazen performances come from the Wayans brothers themselves. First, we have Marlon - haven't we seen this before? He's not really an actor, although he seems to think that his doobie-smoking, low-intellect dude routine will never wear thin. He played virtually the same part in  Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood . Shawn is not much more impressive (he's more annoying, in fact) except that he's more wiry here than in  Don't Be A Menace... . On the whole, they are virtually the same person. Their brother (and more prudent filmmaker) Keenan makes a brief cameo in the aforementioned  Titanic  premise. I think what really kept this film up in the air for so long was its fearlessness and the Wayans brothers...attitude about their crass masterpiece. When making an omelette, eggs must be broken and Marlon and Shawn are gleefully chomping on the shells in the midst of their million-dollar success. For those who have a sensitive palette regarding sex, drugs and violence, this is not your taste. Seek other flavorsome fare in the PG department.  Scary Movie  is warts and all.
 This is definitely a film aimed at teenagers and students. I've seen worse, it was fairly funny in places, but don't expect anything too much. One to watch with friends when your bored.
 This movie makes you laugh histarically, but it's jokes are somewhat repititious and if you see this movie more than 3-4 times, you get bored.
 Well, what can I say?  If you have been reading the other reviews, you know of the films major problem
 Every genre has it's spoof so it should come as no surpirse that 'Scary Movie' was made.  If not for the writing talents of the Wayan's Brothers it could have been much worse, but at least it manages to be entertaining.  The DVD offers some nice behind the scenes footage and deleted scenes which make purchasing the film worthwile.  All in all, it's worth purchasing (if you have a coupon).
 I have to give this a okay rating.  It was not a terrible movie but it's nothing ground breaking or great.  I was mostly interested in this movie because of the drinks.  The acting and dialogue can get pretty bad in this movie.  But if you enjoy a &#34;bar film,&#34; this is not a bad one.  Considering it's from the 80s, it is a good movie but there are other bar films that top this.
 not sure what the problem is, or if its even the fault of the actual dvd, but the picture quality is pretty awful.  its grainy, and dark.  i get a better picture when im' watching something on regular tv, on a station that is NOT HD.  other than that, it was delivered quickly which was nice, just the quality has bummed me out a bit...
 ... I thought I was in for a turkey, but found myself watching a pretty decent flick. Yeah it's poorly made and the camer crews shadows can be seen in a few frames, but it is still a pretty good movie. Tom Cruise plays an ambitious young man who arrives in New York City and becomes known as a flashy bartender in a hot club. After falling for Elisabeth Shue's girl-next-door character, however, his desire for success causes him to travel down a more selfish path with an older woman. The film, directed by Roger Donaldson, is built on entirely on appearances and flash. The more interesting and underlying themes, however, particularly the hero's obvious Oedipal dilemmas, are lost beneath this window dressing, as if everyone involved was afraid to commit to the story's intrinsic value. All in all, unless you're a die hard Tom fan, there isn't much here for you, but if you just don't have anything better to do I suppose it's okay to watch, you know on those days where there is nothing on t.v. and it's raining outside.
 This movie brings back so many wonderful memories of my cousin, sisters and I singing along, just being silly! Great movie...one of the VERY few roles I think he did well at
 When the very first line uttered is internally inconsistent and utter nonsense it gives you a good idea what you're in for. The things people will see this for are well done, physics defying action pieces but there's never any real suspense because the whole thing is completely predictable - like a really expensive Roadrunner cartoon.  I heard that Dwayne Johnson put on thirty pounds of muscle for this role. I'm not sure why. The role doesn't require it. My guess is that he wanted to make sure he looked like a credible opponent for his fight with Vin Diesel, but he ended up looking like he could snap Vin in half without trying so the fight lost credibility anyway.
 One of the better of the F&F series, but it's like watching Ocean's Eleven (2001) on steroids. Plenty of action, but more shoot 'em up than the rest of the series. I guess you got to have lots of shooting with "The Rock in a movie. Probably in his contract. Anyhow it's fast and bloody, so it will be a big hit. Look forward to the next one, since the ending shows a tease about who comes back from the dead next time.  Nothing else to say that already hasn't been said. Good movie, but not fantastic.
 Was this film part of the Fast and Furious series or "The Italian Job 2"? At times I wasn't sure. A lot less street racing and nice cars in this film, a lot more over-the-top action scenes and steroid-enhanced testosterone. Oh well, at least it was better than Tokyo Drift!  Ranked in order of enjoyability
 This one was different from the rest. There was a lot more drama, and talking, mixed with some action. I guess I had high hopes for even A LITTLE more racing scenes is this whole movie.  It was more of an action movie with guns and muscles than what the original The Fast and The Furious started with.  Even though the director said they're trying to "evolve", get away from the racing stuff. It was a little disappointing to only see one real race, which wasn't exciting at all.  Then when you think there's going to be a race, they edit it out completely.  Probably because we know whose going to win in the end, sure, but it's still fun to watch.  "The Rock (Dwayne Johnson) was a great addition to the movie. His character in this playing "Hobbs was hunting down Dom, Brian and the team.  Also bringing back some of the other characters from the four movies before his one was a great addition.  I don't know, you be the judge.  If you like action movies with guns blazing mixed with some standard cars and destruction. Then you may like this movie.  If you only liked the other other fast and furious movies before this because of the street racing, cars, or feel of it.  You may or may not be disappointed.
 A great set-piece and stunt near the beginning of the movie and a marvelously destructive chase scene at the end but nothing much between the two events.  Fans of the franchise will no doubt be well pleased.  Fans of knuckle-headed action movie can probably find better stuff to waste their time on.  'A-Team' for example was a much better knuckle-headed waste of time.
 I had heard pretty good things about this movie; that it was by far the best of the series etc....It really wasn't that good.  It was ok, for an action movie, but not worth the $20 for a blu ray.
 Though I bought and downloaded the HD version, the portable copy that I moved to my Galaxy Tab 10.1 is so grainy Toreto looked like bald Mario on Atari. I suggest Amazon would offer a variation of movie video screen size formats to match with a portable player, not just "one screen size fits all".
 Throughout the entire saga, it has always been about cars and the street racing scene... You had RX-7 (twice), Supra (twice), Skyline GTR 33, Skyline GTR 34 (twice), Evolution (twice), that super sexy Veilside RX-7 in Tokyo Drift, the monster Doge Challenger with the massive blower sticking out, S2000 (twice), Saleen Mustang, Corvette, Doge Viper, super trucks, NSX ,RX-8, Silvia, and 350Z just to name a few and most of these cars were in involved stunts that anyone who claims to be mildly interested in cars will find exciting.... Sadly, this movie does not have that aside from a short drifting sequence which was a bit played out since you had a whole movie dedicated to drifting, right!?  I had much higher expectations for this movie, I'm not saying that it wasn't tolerable, but it was more about the characters Dom and Brian than it was about the cars the street racing scene than the rest of the saga... you could have taken away the Fast & Furious name and it would have worked even better as a movie... because people didn't have those expectations associated with the name.  The movie  is exciting, at times predictable, and I think playing to the drum of Hollywood where everything is Brazil these days, but that's fine too. The addition of all those characters from the entire saga was cool to see but they added little value to resolving the plot... I mean adding so many super drivers didn't do something that say other drivers that Dom could have rustled up in Brazil could have done...  Now... my biggest tiff with this movie... The cars! Sure there were some really cool cars there, like the Classic Vette (a monster of a car!), Ford GT40, Dom's Doge, the Porsche, 350Z, and a few others... but the cars didn't really do much besides that short drift sequence!! Less than 5% of the movie! Really think about it... compare it to the other movies in the saga... there's not much there about the cars themselves... it was more about the characters and resolving a situation / plot!  I'm not going to even discuss the ending with safe stunt... I think others have torn the flesh off of that one enough! But the ending... oh man, how can you just end it with a shot of the GTR and the Doge like that... you had a brand new GTR and you never used it for the movie!!! RETARDS!!! Had they not done that at the end I would have been much happier with this movie!! It should have been more about the cars and the street racing scene!
 The movie was fantastic but,has horrible language in it.You can't see a good action movie anymore without it saying offensive language and it was a dissapointment.
 I ordered this movie which was supposed to be in "brand new perfect condition", I received it far from promptly which wasn't was a big deal but when I opened the package the case was smashed in (when it was stated case in perfect condition, still in orginal wrapping and everything) and also when I played the movie it had a glitch in it (the movie freezes during one scene)I had to start the movie all over and fast forward to the next chapter completely. So that was upsetting considering I was expecting a movie in brand new condition which obviously means no scratches or skipping. The movie itself I loved, first time I saw it (which is why it was even more frustrating I had to miss the whole part where it stops working, during the last car chasing scene too!)
 You can't give this movie 5 stars...you just can't. It is far from perfect, also it is cliche'.  Oiled up muscle bound guys looking straight out of the gym, hot ladies in slim bikini's, racial jokes, stereotypes, people walking in slow motion while explosions disperse behind them and they are unaffected in their motivational attitude, impossible survival scenes that would kill you 100% of the time, etc.  BUT...if that stuff is what you are looking for or doesn't bother you, this movie is very enjoyable.  There were parts of this movie as a cynic I was like "hey wait a minute".  But after my girlfriend was like "It's just a movie".."just watch it  I sat back in the theater and thought well then to heck with it and it was very enjoyable.  Like an adult cartoon.  Sure characters
 In 2001, the first film in The Fast and the Furious franchise was released in theaters. And truth be told, until now it was the only film in the franchise that I'd seen. The films are all about cars and little to nothing else, so if you're like me and are the rare breed of man who doesn't give a crap about cars then the franchise isn't really something you're incredibly enthusiastic about. Ten years and over $955 million worldwide box office dollars later, Fast Five, the fifth film in the franchise, has been released. Fast Five is over the top in every sense of the word yet still doesn't stray too far from what fans love about the franchise.  Fast Five is mostly outrageous car sequences for over two hours. Just crazy and practically impossible stuff that Criss Angel would be pressed to pull off on his best day. The use of CG during the finale of the car chase with the bank vault is probably the best example. Hell, anything with the cars pulling the bank vault through the city really. Maybe it's because I skipped three movies, but a handful of insanely talented drivers trumping an entire police force seems really ridiculous to me. Not to mention the main drug lord in Rio. Remember Alien vs Predator? Both movies were awful, but just think of what could have been. One of the things that made the Aliens so dangerous was their vast numbers. I mean the second movie was mostly one Predator against an entire battalion of Aliens. Despite how well the Predator first started off, he eventually gave in to the massive horde of Aliens. That seems like the logical way to end things. It'd be like one man trying to fight an entire army. Things aren't going to be pretty yet Fast Five just tells you that, "Nah, sometimes Superman lends his powers to other people...and they use those powers to drive cars.  That doesn't mean Fast Five isn't entertaining at times. The massive amount of destruction alone is awe inspiring. Fast Five is less about racing cars and more about pulling off one last job while dodging the cops. It's partially a heist film, which is a pleasant surprise. That same chase involving the bank vault is unbelievable, but it's also unbelievably entertaining. You'll lose count of how many cars get totaled or thrown off a bridge during the finale. Fast Five is at its best when metal is scraping against metal and when speeds are well over the speed limit.  I almost feel like Fast Five would've been better if it had even less of a story since it's fairly simple and mostly just a front for everyone to drive fast and destroy the streets of whatever town they're in once again anyway. So because a job went bad and because family is the most important thing, a group of incredibly skilled drivers attempt to steal every dime from the biggest crime lord in Rio? It just seemed like seeds were planted in the film to take the franchise in a new direction. Sequels seem like they will be more heist oriented and that could be interesting with cars like this being involved, but Fast Five felt like it fell kind of flat in the long run. Like it was juggling heists, racing, cars, the FBI, appropriate screen time and lines for each returning character in addition to new ones, and throwbacks to characters that weren't even there this time around rather than focusing on a few of those things rather than all of them to make the entire film stronger. That doesn't mean the film won't make a killing because it's guaranteed to, but the film offers cars, hot girls, and a lot of outrageous destruction. People looking for a more well-rounded film will walk away disappointed.  After being asked what I thought of the film, I replied, "It was...okay-ish, I guess. That's pretty much the best way to describe Fast Five. It isn't terrible, but it probably isn't worth steep movie ticket prices either. If you're a die-hard fan of the franchise, then you can expect a pretty similar experience. The flashy and unrealistic destruction depicted on screen will probably be what you take away most from it. Fast Five does offer some decent popcorn entertainment. If you can leave your brain at home, it's a pretty wild ride. Otherwise Fast Five feels fairly similar to Transporter 2, which isn't a compliment at all.
 Of course you have to suspend your disbelief to enjoy the films that make up the Fast & Furious franchise. The first four made for an exhilirating theatrical ride. The 5th installment was just too ridiculous even for the most vivid of imaginations. The gang of loveable lawbreakers were pretty much transformed into a squadron of super heroes who can take on any army...in this case, the Rio Police Department. The movie trailer has already shown us parts of the infamous action sequence where Diesel and Walker drive off a cliff, manage to seperate themselves from the car in mid air, and land unscathed in a lake (there should've been a pair shark fins protruding from the water, if ya' catch my drift.) I won't spoil the ending, but since when were those fast little cars known for their towing capabilities? Although the film makers went over the top this time, the rating doesn't deserve anything below 3 stars. The stunts and CGI were exciting, and you got to respect the stunt men and women who are risking life and limb to entertain us. It was nice to see Tyrese, Ludacris, and Jordana Brewster come back, and Dwayne Johnson was a great addition.
 The movie was excellent thats really the reason I bought it.  However it did not come with its original case which I really hated.  I collect movies and without the case it was pointless buying it from this buyer.
 This review is just about the Blu-ray disc itself. For me this is an excruciating poor BD to navigate. I have an older Panasonic BD30 player, and I realize that that might make things extra slow for me. But this disc is slow to load and as happens on Blu-ray Discs at their worst, I pay a steep penalty for watching a feature on the extras menu - at the end of every feature I have to wait what seems like a really long time for the disc to return me the the previous menu. Also, pausing the disc too long puts me into some sort of Universal wallpaper that offers no clue as to how to get back to where I was. It was trial and error to find a remote sequence that worked, and in one case I just had to power down/power up the player to get off this screen. Super annoying, and I know this can be part of BDs in general bit this disc is as bad as I've seen in that regard. There is a lot of interesting extra content to watch, but the super-annoying BD process wastes a lot of time in between them. Sometimes I like to browse these or skim them to see if they are interesting to me. Or if I'm short on time, power watch the extras. But there's no way to get through these fast and that's BD at its most annoying.
 This is a fun movie to watch - lots of action, really sweet fast cars, very hot women (But there's one that's a little too skin and bones for me...) but several are very HOT... - I've seen all 5 of the fast and furious movies and this is the best of the 5, the first is very good also.  Some of the stunts were obviously very dangerous and I was like no way they'd be dead (over and over again) - sometimes my prior physics/engineering training keeps me from really enjoying a movie because I can see how unrealistic they are ...  but it's fun and some of the scenes are just classic ..  it's a little slow at times and lost my attention - so that's why I'm giving this 3 stars because if it could keep me glued then it would get more - and it isn't getting more because it isn't realistic enough to hold my attention all the way but honestly it's a very fun movie to watch - enjoy
 Fast Five is the latest in the action-driven, visually stunning, Fast and the Furious series. I would think it's the last installment, but these days I suppose anything is possible. It begins with brother and sister Dom and Mia Toretto (Vin Diesel and Jordana Brewster) along with ex-law enforcement officer Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) as wanted fugitives on the move and in need of gainful, thought not legal, employment. Once they find a job and prove unsuccessful in performing it, they are now sought by a drug kingpin and faux philanthropist who contracted them in the first place.    Rather than knuckle under or retreat, the trio decides to bankrupt their unscrupulous foe, and thereby render him powerless. For this they need help and that is the reason they bring any living associates they from the previous films that played a significant role. All the while their nemesis has informed the American authorities as to their location in an effort to spoil their plans. Enter The Rock, playing U.S. Marshal Luke Hobbs, with the unflinching assistance of the Rio police, who are paid agents of the aforementioned kingpin. In addition, Hobbs has a very rigid view of his responsibility for the larger portion of the film.    Fast Five isn't anything its predecessors weren't. Save for a little misdirection at the end. It's about beautiful cars, beautiful women, and the occasional fistfight or shootout. In that regard it's a success.
 I don't mind if the BluRay is double sided or if they offer two or more Discs. I do care about buying a movie in BluRay movie and get subpar quality. The movie is VERY good, the audio (DTS 5.1) and subtitles are VERY good. The video quality is very poor, I know the film was supposed to be grainy, I own the DVD and I saw the movie in the Theaters, but the transfer makes the grain move like ants. IF, in the future, Universal decides to take things seriously and make a better transfer; I'll buy it because the movie is so good. Meanwhile, I think I prefer to watch it on DVD than in BluRay.  I love it when movies are released in BluRay format, I really can't wait for many titles to be released in this format, but please, Studios should build credibility for this format by doing it RIGHT, not just GOOD ENOUGH. Is this the new AMERICAN Mentality?
 I think this is a very well put together history of F1, with some content that overlaps other DVDs I have but this title seems much more complete.  However, in this video you will spend a lot of time looking at parked cars while listening to a narrative of their accomplishments, leaving a bit to be desired as far as seeing them in action on track from the cockpit or the tv cameras.  The extra features include some text describing interesting incidents of various champion drivers - this is again the kind of material I would have preferred to see, not read about.
 The animation doesn't flow very smoothly, but the music is wonderful.  My daughter was still singing the songs weeks after we returned this video to the rental store.  She has been asking for it for her birthday. (4 years  old) Followed the story fairly closely. Talking animals add to the fun.
 This was a movie we rented through Amazon/Roku because Netflix didn't have it.  Interesting to have movie Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon) in scenes with TV Oscar Madison (Jack Klugman) where Felix is the drunk and Oscar is the voice of sobriety.  Not great (a little Alcoholics Anonymous preachy and the characters aren't terribly likable), but a nice cheap evening.
 I have not seen the original television film from which this was based, but I hear that it was not a comedy in the least.  Now, just because you cast Jack Lemmon doesn't mean you're automatically going to get a comedy, for he'd proven that he could at least attempt to tackle drama, but at this stage in his career he was much more suited for the comedic side of life.  That's why it is so surprising that a film this unsure of whom it really is falls on Lemmon to bring a sense of stability.  He actually manages, above anyone else in the cast, to deliver all that is required of him.  He's witty and funny when needed, charming when needed and dramatically sound when needed.  He's the films shining moment.  Sadly, in my personal opinion (which I see is very uncommon here), the rest of the film is a mess.  The rest of the performances are either awkward or just incomplete (or seemingly insincere) and the script is so `all over the place' that it's hard to decide just what kind of movie this really wants to be.  I had these same sentiments after watching Scorsese's `Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore', another film that couldn't decide if it wanted to be a comedy or a drama.  It's not that they can't be both, for there are many dramedies that work; black comedies that understand the balance needed between funny and serious.  The issue I have with this film is that it doesn't know how to mesh the two together properly.  It winds up feeling rather awkward, not knowing if we're supposed to laugh or cry and so we just become frustrated.  The film tells the story of Joe Clay, a public relations man who enjoys a good stiff drink.  He falls in love and marries Kirsten Arnesen, a spunky young secretary who is not a fan of the drink.  She has an addictive personality though, and so once Clay introduces her to alcohol she is instantly hooked.  They soon realize that, while they can't seem to enjoy themselves sober, their lives are being wrecked by their addiction.  After loosing job after job Joe finds the courage to at least attempt sobering up, but Kirsten finds it increasingly difficult to even contemplate a sober lifestyle.  I have a hard time thinking of the subject of addiction as anything less than horrifying, and so the films comedic undertones feel out of place to me.  I also felt that the film's script is rather manipulative in many areas, forcing us to take one viewpoint as apposed to presenting us with an honest portrait.  Look at `Trainspotting', a film that centers on the grotesque side of addiction with the element of humor and yet it remains startling and brutally truthful; something I did not find in this film.  If not for Lemmon I'd have to say that this was a waste of my time.  Lemmon is so good here.  He gets that balance I was talking about and he sells it rather well.  There is a scene where he is in a drunken rage trying to find a bottle of booze amidst a greenhouse full of potted plants and the scene is almost played out in a comical fashion, which appears almost campy at first, but he makes this switch towards the end of the scene that ties it all together and makes the humor work in an almost horrifying way.  Sadly, the rest of the cast couldn't pull that off.  I found Lee Remick very awkward throughout the entire film.  She couldn't get the comedy down and she fell flat and unrealistic in her dramatic scenes.  It's a shame, because I adored her in `Anatomy of a Murder' and was expecting her to just completely wow me here.  Charles Bickford was almost too serious for the film, so serious that he seemed out of place.  If the film had taken the tone it should have then his performance would have worked, but it just seemed a misfit for what Blake Edwards had going here.  It is probably one of Lemmon's finest performances, which is sad because it may be one of his weaker films.  The sad thing about the script is that it never really gets to the heart of the issue at hand.  It's a mere surface, no real depth to it.  Maybe it was the times, but it never really got down to the grit of addiction.  Everything seemed very textbook (the loud obnoxious drunk, the noticeable hangover, the negligence, the AA meeting), thus taking away from a feeling of realism.  I know that this will meet with criticism, for this seems to be a very well loved film.  What can I say, it just didn't work for me, and I really wanted it to.  Lemmon was one of the greatest actors to ever grace the big screen, and here he turns in a very smart and effective performance; I just wish that the rest of the film kept up with him.
 "Hobson's Choice, (1954), a classic British comedy, product of Shepperton Studios, runs a brisk 107 minutes in black and white. This feel-good domestic comedy was directed by the great multi-Oscar winning David Lean.  Boozy widower Henry Horatio Hobson (Charles Laughton--<a href="http
 Put in metaphorical terms, this movie is the equivilant to  ny-quil . It's like, why see this when you can see  Howard's End .  They're both the same movie, it's just that  Howard's End is a whole lot better.  Take about your snooze fest! Whoa is  this film slow, boreing and bothersome! The 3 stars are for Emma, Anthony,  and the money this movie saved me on sleeping pills.
 Mickey Rourke does a fine job making a P.I. look like an amoral thug. DeNiro supports as a client beyond reproach with a somewhat aloof demeanor.  There is murder, mayhem, voodooism, blood-letting, cannibalism, incest, brutality, and assorted other barbarisms. It does what it sets out to do rather successfully. You might find the foregoing colorfully filmed acts artfully accomplished and intriguing to experience as necessary fulfillment of the creative staffs concept. You might find them off-putting and good reason to eject the disc. In any case, be aware that this is not Sam Spade, the Thin Man or Marlowe.
 A seedy gumshoe (Mickey Rourke) works a missing persons case in New Orleans, unaware that he has a terrifying personal connection to it.  This connection and the true nature of his employer (Robert DeNiro) only become clear to him at the end of the film, but they should be clear to any attentive filmgoer long before that, even if you haven't read the Amazon review, which gives away a major plot revelation.  Director Alan Parker scores points for style, but his story is a constant barrage of horror movie and private eye conventions.  DeNiro's performance is broad, overly mannered, and clich&eacute;; the identity of his character is immediately apparent, robbing the revelation at the end of the film of its impact.  Parker's direction and interesting performances from Rourke and Lisa Bonet keep it watchable, but a bit more self-restraint and imagination would have improved this film a great deal./
 2-headed Shark Attack. Come on people, what were you expecting? This is the type of movie Ed Wood would have made had he been alive today, and it would have been the one he would've been remembered for. This is cheesy, this is bad. But at least, it's entertaining, unlike many of the high budget, high concept blockbusters these days, which are dull and unimaginative. The only reason I'm not giving this four stars is because of the disappointing ending. The filmmakers missed out on a great opportunity to set up the sequel
 2 headed shark attack is a good movie but it has some flaws to it. I will tell you about it in my review right now.  The bad things about this movie is that the asylum is lacking in computer graphics,the acting is ok but,is like the graphics it's kinda youtube graphics(the graphics are low classed). The camera working needs work because the movie is mostly computer graphics they need to show more stuff that does not need any computer graphics. Now the nudity scene it doesn't make any sense in this movie, they shouldn't have any nudity in it. When the shark was chasing the boat, the shark's only head left it was switching sides of it's body and it's pretty embrassing to do that. And finally about the story, this movie would be more better by showing how the shark came into being.  The good thing about this movie is that it has a good level of gore, nice level of violence, good action thats happening in some parts of the movie, some suspense. And maybe everybody would like a really good ending.  So keep telling what you feel about this movie ok.
 A 2-headed shark and Carmen Electra?  Man, I live for B-movies like this one, and nobody does it better than The Asylum.  I was a little worried when I saw Brooke Hogan in the cast list, but we're still talking about a bloodthirsty 2-headed shark on a rampage here (not to mention a gaggle of college girls in bikinis) - what could possibly go wrong?  I'll tell you what could go wrong and does go wrong in this movie - the entire cast is horrible.  You could have built a replica of the Trojan Horse from all of the wooden acting on display here.  And annoying!?  If I had to choose between getting eaten by a 2-headed shark and being shipwrecked with the characters in this movie, I would be giving "suicide by shark some serious consideration.  Naturally, there are also all sorts of continuity errors, bad special effects, and giant plot holes, but what else would you expect from The Asylum?  Heck, it's part of their B-movie rip-off charm, if you ask me.  So some kind of Podunk college offers some kind of Semester at Sea program, which leads to a bunch of scantily-clad college kids sunbathing, flirting, and goofing off onboard a boat while their professor futilely tries to teach them how to use a sextant.  I thought the professor looked like he should be Jerry O'Connell's stunt double (except he isn't a good enough actor to be a stunt double), and now I know why - it's Jerry O'Connell's brother Charlie.  Professor Babish does have one thing going for him, though - he's married to Carmen Electra's character (she's apparently some kind of doctor, but she can barely wrap an injured leg and apparently did her residency at a tanning salon).  Both of them are useless when the ship hits something in the water and suffers a small but significant hull breach.  Luckily, the ship happens to be a short distance away from an atoll, so the professor and kids take a dingy to the island while the crew tries to repair the ship.  That's about the time our two-headed shark shows up to ruin everyone's day.  I won't even try to describe all the stupid shenanigans that go on the rest of the way.  Even if these people didn't needlessly put themselves in danger time and time again, they would only be safe for so long because the atoll they're on is quickly sinking into the sea (which I take as a sign that God hated these characters as much as I did).  Geoff Ward deserves special mention, as he makes a strong run at "most annoying character ever as a brainless, muscle-bound punk whose arrogance is only rivaled by his cowardice.  Heck, Brooke Hogan plays the only character with half a brain in this entire movie.  Two scenes stick out in my mind.  At one point, a certain adult character falls and skins his leg - and cries about it like a two-year-old who had her favorite doll stolen.  You would think this guy is dying a most painful death, when all he really needs is a Band-Aid.  None of the people actually being eaten by the shark carry on like this putz.  The other scene is classic, though, and pretty much stands as the saving grace of the entire film.  The two-headed shark flips this one dude up into the air with his tail, dives down, and then jumps up to double-chomp the guy before he lands back into the water.  I had to rewind and watch that scene over again - it almost makes up for all of the horrible CGI effects and stock footage shots of the shark.  Speaking of bad special effects, the filmmakers originally wanted to have the shark's second head growing out of its forehead.  Now, that would have really been stupid.  I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with this film.  Mutant monster movies starring B- and C-grade actors is supposed to be The Asylum's bread and butter, but they really let me down with this one.  2-Headed Shark Attack does feature more gore than I'm used to seeing from The Asylum, but that's about the only positive thing I can take with me from this movie.
 Pros
 I have read so many mixed reviews about this but in the end, after all that waiting, I enjoyed it... it was a great, fun B Grade Movie and after seeing the great, and In my opinion scary/intense trailer for this epic looking movie I must say that this film although wasn't scary, was still a little over decent!  Plot
 2 Headed Shark Attack is a creature feature that is obviously trying to cash in on the minor success of Piranha 3D. And it's not a bad movie, but it lack the bloody shock value of Piranha. There is gore, but it's not over the top. If you like Sy-Fy original movies, you should check it out though, as it's better than a lot of the movies shown on the Sy-Fy Channel. And it's got Carmen Electra looking 20-something at 39.
 I know Republic had to be economy-minded, but this is ridiculous
 This is the 3rd of 4 Dick Tracy movie serials, as usual it features Ralph Byrd as Tracy, and that is pretty much where the similarity between the serials and the comic strip end.  And in typical serial fashion there are fights galore, lots of chasing, but it's all good fun, if you are interested in the Tracy serials, this wouldn't be the one to start with.  For some extra fun keep count of how many hats Dick loses throughout the 15 chapters!
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film. This film which is one of several involving the character Lemmy Caution remains popular to this day as one of the few science fiction films with no special effects. It is a good view of a technocratic society an has elements which at the time seemed like fantasy but in our computer age seems more feasible. The film also has a voice over that is really deep and raspy that sounds very interesting. The DVD does not have any special features but still is a good one to buy.
 There is no excuse for the exclusion of the English version from this DVD. After all, the lead actors (Karina, Constantine) did their own dubbing, and it was terrific. In the 1970s, the English version sporadically appeared on network TV in New York (always on Saturday afternoon, for some strange reason). It was always enjoyable, and I looked forward to finding it here in pristine quality, but no dice. Fortunately, I own a VHS copy.  Criterion keeps messing up stupendously on their supposedly "definitive DVD releases. For example, The Last Emperor was a 4-DISK release that OMITTED THE DIRECTOR'S CUT, which included over 50 minutes of previously unseen and totally exquisite footage, although it included the (useless) television version. WTF? I would ignore this as an anomaly, but the same was true of Godfather II (Criterion actually deleted footage, if one can believe that)!  Usually, I'm no fan of dubbed movies, but when the lead actors dub their own unique voices, it's unforgivable to exclude the English version, especially when one considers Criterion's prices. If they're trying to put themselves out of business, they're on the right track.
 The action in Alphaville is set in a future where everything is run by the big computer Alpha 60. It's hard to take this film seriously, the futuristic vision is very 1960s
 Not to be confused with 1958's Night of the Blood Beast, Blood of the Beast is a low-budget, independent horror film that dares to be different.  The result, in my opinion, is an artistic mish-mash that proves tedious in its over-pursuit of the avant-garde.  Not content to develop a unifying vision for the whole, director Georg Koszulinski employs different visual techniques as the movie evolves.  I just think he tried too hard, and the resulting lack of consistency diminishes the viewing experience.  The 67-minute film opens up with about ten minutes of stock footage from the two World Wars as the narrator brings us up to speed on the Third World War and the devastating impact it had on humanity.  With chemical weapons unleashed by both sides, the resulting draw reduced the globe's human population by a cool three billion souls and left 98% of Earth's surviving males sterile.  In order to propagate the species, scientists turned to cloning and seemed to enjoy remarkable success with their efforts.  Until, that is, the first strands reached the age of nineteen and a little flaw in their genetic code began turning them into, for lack of a better word, zombies.  The film basically centers on two different groups of people.  First, we have a trio of teenagers who were out hiking when the first strand mutation kicked in; they don't understand why a stranger ran up and sank his teeth into one guy's arm until they manage to be rescued by some of their friends.  This whole group of people ends up running for their lives as the night closes in.  On the flip side, we have a father and teenaged daughter holed up in a farmhouse with the Reverend, who has plenty to say on the subject of the unnatural clones and the apocalyptic scenario their creation has now wrought.  The story itself, as you can see, is rather pedestrian (with obvious similarities to Night of the Living Dead).  The cinematography, on the other hand, is anything but pedestrian.  Whenever anything actually happens to a character, the viewer's senses are bombarded with constantly fleeting images, including plenty of negatives (as in black and white turned inside out), all of it layered with murky visuals and artificial film defects (such as you would see at the start of old-timey film reels) - needless to say, it's very difficult to actually see whatever is taking place on the screen.  This lasts up until the last fifteen minutes or so of the film.  Those final segments are shot in the style of ye olde silent film, complete with place cards rather than actual dialogue by the actors.  Things really turn artsy-fartsy here, with symbology coming to the forefront.  We see, for example, a number of shots of cows staring at the camera - personally, I have no idea what that meant, but I can only assume it meant something.  I can't help but think Koszulinski must have watched The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari right before filming began, as this final portion of the film seemed quite evocative of early German impressionism.  I, frankly, got tired of it before the end.  The cinematography as a whole just didn't work for me because the director's efforts in this regard seemed too obvious.  Certainly, one must credit Koszulinski for his attempt to present the viewer with something different, but this film just lacks the subtlety to pull the whole thing off.  In other words, it looks and feels at all times like a student film.  Blood of the Beast is this director's first effort, however.  As he further develops his talents and refines his own true vision, Koszulinski has the potential to give us a film that will make him the talk of the town - or, at the very least, the underground.
 Both the music and DVD quality are good, well above average.  At first, I didn't find Dave's talking in between songs much of a problem.  By the end of the DVD, I realized that it had become a distraction for me and detracted from my overall enjoyment of the concert.
 If you liked Dave and Tim Live at Luther College, you'll enjoy this one as well.  It is the same dual-acoustic live performance without percussion, sax, bass and fiddle, but with an updated song list.  Dave plays the "straight man to keep the beat while Tim goes crazy up and down the frets.  Conservatives beware
 After hearing tons of recordings and live performances by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds, I have to say I wasn't that impressed with this album. They seemed very unenthusiastic.  I was so excited to listen to it only to be very disappointed and I have only listened to it a few times, guess I'll sell it used on here!  If you want a great CD check out Into the Wild Soundtrack by Eddie Vedder!
 This isn't bad for what it is, but what drew me to Dave Matthews Band back in the mid-90's was just that... the band. Part of the appeal, to me, of Dave Matthews Band's music is their musicianship, both in-studio and on-stage. Every member brings something complementary to the overall sound, like pieces of a puzzle that fit together perfectly. So if you're a big fan of acoustic guitar work or you like DMB just because of Dave, go for it. But if you're a fan of the entire band and their overall sound, this may not be the best choice for you.
 Purchased this Blu-ray to test out my new hardware and it certainly shines, great sound and good looking video make this a true reference disc. The performance however, is not on par with the Luther college gig, and make no mistake, this is not the DMB so some may be dissapointed with the content. My biggest gripe though, is with Dave's inane babel between songs. This guy really needs to stick to the music and put a cork in it, kinda ruined the experience for me. Hey, maybe let Tim do the talking!
 I'm a big Dave Matthews fan - I've seen DMB 40+ times in concert and was excited to pick up the Live at Radio City Music Hall cd's.  After a couple of listens, I gotta admit that it's definitely pretty average in my opinion.  I keep waiting for a track to take off but even on my favorites (like #41) they just seem to languish.
 Sounds OK, but nothing really new.  It's great for the hard core fans...
 This is a great quality DVD and the music is great, but Dave acts like he's twacked out in some parts and talks way too much. If you're looking for a DVD to pop in and rock out to, this is not it. If you're looking for something to relax to, this is a good choice.
 Nice Blue ray, but wish it was on one disc and got rid of some of the so so songs. I also agree with the one reviewer that said he only watched this once in a year. I may watch it again but not anytime soon.
 Dave Matthews is great during a live performance.  You cannot go wrong.  Tim Reynolds however sounds like a little kid hitting the high keys on a piano, while you are trying to play a serious piece.  Maybe it worked during the performance, but it does not work on the CD.  This probably explains why this CD is cheaper than other live Dave Matthews Band CD's.  However, for the price, it is a good buy, just skip the pieces you don't like.
 What's with all his Live recordings with Tim sound the same?  They do that annoying guitar vibrato? Good songs, good singing.  Enjoyable cd, just feels like more of the same with Dave. Tim plays well but people that think he is a guitar G-D need to seriously take a step back and listen to some of the 80's and 70's guitar legends.  Those guys had as much if not more talent than Tim.  Tim is a GREAT guitarist, but not the end all be all of rock artists.
 When I listen to music I want to be left feeing high. This dvd was a tad depressing ...Musically, it is great, Reynolds is a wizard on the guitar and the chemistry is awesome.  I just don't wanna hear Dave babbling on about mistreated soldiers, blah, blah, blah...the dvd comes with the story in print, which *should* be read and brought to people's attention, just not during what should be an uplifting musical experience.  Who wants to hear bummer stories @ a concert!?  Not me personally.  It left me feeling like i had just watched a benefit show for wounded vets...In other words, don't watch the dvd expecting good vibes...It's a bum trip....I sure hope they edited all of Dave's banter out of the cd, especially the wounded soldier rap....Just shut up and Play Music.  (please)
 Early & I mean Early Jack nicholson !!! - Not a bad movie for It's Time But You can Find it The budget racks of Dollar Stores & Big Lt's For a Pitance !!!! I'm not Sure it may even be Public Domain ? in which case you can Download it For Free Legally ! I'd not pay much more than @ bucks for The Terror Personally FWIW ?
 Jeff Bridges is a likable actor, and likable in this movie.  I don't think it was a stand out performance, but as I collect DVD's that have car racing, chasing, crashing, and the like .... I needed to add it to my collection, and it was a nice addition.  If you like Jeff Bridges .... and auto racing, car chasing, and auto sports, it's a fun movie.  The bonus, was Valerie Perrine.  Not the greatest part for her, but she can always attract me to buy an inexpensive film, with her in it.  She was so hot!  Playboy nude or not .... she while not the greatest actress of all time, in my opinion was one of the most attractive .... and she did an adequate job in this role.  Overall, not Jeff Bridges best, but with Valerie Perrine, and lots of cars chasing around .... it is an enjoyable flick.
 Had hoped to get a copy of this somewhat classic movie, but it was sent in dvd zone 1 format and zone 2 was not available. However I was not charged for the item.
 A young couple wants to spice up their sex life until it results in someone's murder.... Nothing really too much to say about this story, except that it's probably already been done in any number of Shannon Tweed or Shannon Whirry films. I will say that it is different in that the female lead is a hot latina, which isn't common in this genre.  Being unrated it does get somewhat kinky at times, but that is more dialogue-related than actual visuals. It's got a handful of decent sex scenes, but a comparatively little amount of nudity considering. I'd say for the price it's quite a good buy for the skin collector. It's interesting to note that they're really pushing the fact that Mario Lopez is in this film, but the truth of the matter is that he is hardly in it at all. Even though his head fills up most of the cover, he barely even has a supporting role in this movie. Why they think that his name is a cash cow is beyond me, but he is technically the "biggest star in it. Funny people, those Hollywood marketing "geniuses".
 If this season would consists of two collections (like the first two), there would have been 5 stars on top of this review.  Still, it's better than nothing, though I had this nagging feeling the season didn't reach it's full potential. A few more episodes might have done the trick. 
 It takes a special kind of girl to know exactly what she wants... and not give up anything to get it.
 I think "Beverly Hills cop III was an extremely regrettable turning point in the nice career of one of the most talented and funniest black comedians Hollywood has ever seen - Mr. Eddie Murphy. Before it he used to be funny or at least much funnier. He appeared in the rather enjoyable flicks like "48 Hrs.", "Coming to America", "Another 48 Hrs.", "The Distinguished gentleman", "Boomerang and of course "Beverly Hills cop I & II - two beloved movies that will always be his very best works.  Then someone decided to add part three in the so far terrific "Beverly Hills cop saga. This time Axel Foley was on the mission of revenge and the comedy was unfortunately replaced by action. Who forgot that most of the glamour behind these movies came directly from the humor? Even though John Landis - the man behind hit comedies like "The Blues Brothers and "Three Amigos! - sat in the director's chair the end result just wasn't that funny anymore or at least it was funny very rarely and that's a bad thing if we compare part three to its absolutely hilarious precursors. ...and as it happened, after "Beverly Hills cop III Eddie Murphy got roles from the movies like "Vampire in Brooklyn (with only couple of excellent scenes), "Metro (that apparently wasn't supposed to be funny in the first place), "Doctor Dolittle (cute little film for kiddies who love furry animals that talk), "Holy man (interesting but more confusing than amusing) and "Nutty Professor II
 It was about time that Paramount came out with a BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since this movie didn't come out till 7 years later after BEVERLY HILLS COP 2 did and 10 years after the original BEVERLY HILLS COP did, except BEVERLY HILLS COP III wasn't nearly as funny or as good as the first 2 were since there was no John Ashton(Sgt. Taggart), no Ronny Cox(Capt. Bogomil), and no Paul Reiser either, which kind of soured this sequel which I'm sure is another reason why Siskel & Ebert gave this movie 2-thumbs down when it was released in the movie theatres back in the Spring of 1994, which is perhaps the reason why Paramount hasn't gotten around to making a BEVERLY HILLS COP IV since BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 bombed at the box office.  Something else I noticed about this movie was even though Axel teamed up with Beverly Hills P.D. again for the 3rd time since Axel's cases that start out in Michigan always seem to lead to Southern California, about half of this movie actually took place at Paramounts GREAT AMERICA amusement park in Santa Clara even though it had so-called taken place at an amusement park in the L.A. Area called WONDERWOLD, but the amusement park was actually located in the Bay Area near San Jose, but I'm sure their reason for using GREAT AMERICA for the amusement park in this movie was due to the fact that GREAT AMERICA is owned by the Paramount movie corporation and I highly recommend GREAT AMERICA to anybody needing or wanting to take their kids to a fun amusement park besides DISNEYLAND, KNOTTS BERRY FARM, or even UNIVERSAL STUDIOS for that matter, but I don't highly recommend BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since it was obviously a downgrade from the first 2 BEVERLY HILLS COP installments, so you could say that this was like a definite insult to BEVERLY HILLS COP I and II.  In addition you could say that this was the first BEVERLY HILLS COP installment that had some filming taking place in Northern California and one of the very few movies that I know of that took place in the San Jose area as well, since most movies tend to take place in either L.A., New York City, Hollywood, or San Francisco.
 Beverly Hills Cop III  (Paramount, 1994)  Ten years after the first Beverly Hills Cop went through the box office roof and became a benchmark in action comedies, a few of the cast members came back for another go-round. In Detroit, detective Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) is gearing up a bust on a major car theft chop shop operation with his team (including Jon Tenney and Joey Travolta), with his boss Inspector Todd (Gil Hill) along as an observer. What Axel doesn't know is that moments before their arrival, some smooth operators with machine guns showed up at the chop shop, collected a van full of something that was stolen on their behalf, and paid off in lead. As the bust comes down around their ears in a hail of gunfire, what Axel does know is that he has seen Inspector Todd shot dead by the leader of the baddies - a steely eyed buzzard (Timothy Carhart) who then hightails it, along with the van full of McGuffins. However, they've left a trail...and you only get one guess where it leads. Well, two, because, yes, it is indeed Beverly Hills California. But where in Beverly Hills? How about the world famous theme park Wonder World, led by that lovable old Uncle Dave (Alan Young)? And no, I don't know what you mean when you say the words "Disney or "Walt. This is entirely different.   Axel shows up and enlists the help of Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), now promoted from detective to being the DDOJSIOC for all of Los Angeles. (Oh, that's Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command. Something about interfacing all the various law enforcement agencies when crimes go across city limits and county lines.) Sadly Taggart has retired, covered with a couple of lines of dialogue and they plain forget to even namecheck Lt. Bogamill, although both gentlemen can be glimpsed in a picture on Billy's desk.   Billy introduces Axel to his new old cop buddy Jon Flint (Hector Elizondo) who fills in neatly yelling at the boys for the rest of the movie that he's too old for this sh--wait, no, that's Danny Glover who says that. Oh well, Flint yells at them anyway, just like Taggart used to. Still miss John Ashton though.   Axel heads out to Wonder World to see why there were clues pointing to the park back in Detroit and to maybe find out why all clues found in Detroit crime scenes always point to Beverly Hills. Flint offers to set up a meeting with chief of park security Ellis DeWald, but is called away, leaving Axel to head out there alone. Before he can even set foot in the park, Foley runs afoul of the park's jerkweed security force, and soon finds himself dragged bodily to DeWald's office where he first meets DeWald's boss, park chief of operations Orrin Sanderson (John Saxon). Imagine Our Hero's surprise when DeWald finally shows up and it's the same motherloving jackwagon who shot Todd back in Michigan!   Now knowing there's something more than fishy going in the home of Rufus Rabbit, Axel goes into full Foley mode, making waves every chance he gets as he works to bring down DeWald and his whole criminal organization. He gains some allies, including Wonder World operations rep Janice(Teresa Randle), Treasury agent Fulbright (Stephen McHattie), Uncle Dave himself, and even our old buddy Serge (Bronson Pinchot), now out of the art game and selling stylish weaponry for home defense. Even with this much help, will Axel be able to stop the slick and nasty DeWald?   Everyone pretty much agrees the first BHC is a classic. There's a split on BHC II, some love it even more, others find it too impressed with its own coolness. But nearly everybody seems to agree that BHC III sucks, including Eddie Murphy.   Well, I like Beverly Hills Cop III. Quite a bit. Oh, it's not a perfect movie. It doesn't meld the comedy with the action as seamlessly as did the first movie, and some of the trips it makes down the comedy road don't work. But the action side does work; quite well in fact. It actually makes sense that an older Axel, really hit by the loss of his mentor, the irascible and salty Inspector Todd, would tone down the quips and improvs and concentrate on getting his hands around DeWald's pencil neck. So I don't mind that Murphy is a little lower key here. It's a great cast down the line - look how many I listed up there  -and of course Landis continues his penchant for slapping film directors into as many of the 1 and 2 line parts as he possibly can. The production got to use a real amusement park - Great America -  owned by Paramount, so the settings look good, with some early digital flimflam giving the park a different appearance in the wide overhead shots - watch how the camera "jerks when it pans down across the park to the gate twice during the movie. Plus, they got the Sherman Brothers - Richard and Robert - the composers of Disney's notorious It's a Small World - to write a similar tune for this movie called The Wonderworld Song! Robert cameos too! And following in the villainous duo footsteps of Steven Berkoff and Jonathan Banks; and Jurgen Prochnow and Brigitte Nielsen - Timothy Carhart and John Saxon make for some terrific bad guys.   In the end, I like this one a tiny bit more than BHC II - I'm one of those who thinks Eddie and the movie have started believing their own press in the second movie. This gets a definite recommendation for action junkies, and a qualified yes for others seeking action entertainment. Check it out!
 Well this third and last by the moment Beverly Hills Cop movie is not like the 2 firsts with great action and chases and thrills instead we have some gags and the John Landis style with great directors cameos(George Lucas) and his trademark humour and hits. In the Dvd extras content I must say that this is the most flop of the 3 that's why I give only 3 stars of 5. Paramount Studios should give some extras more to have the level that had the 2 others.
 Many think this film the best or one of the best the Brothers Marx ever did.  It's probably a matter of taste (well, it's certainly a matter of taste), but I think the first MGM comedy by the Marx Brothers is scattershot.  Groucho, Chico and Harpo are in top form, and when they're on -- and allowed to dominate a scene -- the film is terrific.  The stateroom scene is still funny after 70 years, and the finale at the opera is Marxist anarchy at its finest.   But when they're off screen (at least a third of the movie), you're left with an embarrassing melodrama I'm sure the movegoing audiences of 1935 found as sappy as I did.  Bad enough the young Italian lovers sound like they're from New England section of Italy; worse are the musical interludes, which bring the film to a halt and destroy any comedic momentum the Marxes have created.  A scene where Chico, Harpo and Jones show off their musical prowess goes on far too long and completely stops the film.  Their earlier comedies had musical interludes, but they were woven into the films better.  The opening number in Duck Soup, for example, is a lengthy set-up to the first joke; ditto the  We're Going to War  number.  When the young lovers in A Night at the Opera sing  Alone,  there's nothing but the youngsters staring moonily at each other.  Their voices are fine, but the studios of the time were never short of movies with beautiful youngsters singing to each other.  It's unnecessary here, and it reminds you the Marx Brothers aren't on screen.    A Night at the Opera  was the Marxes' most successful comedy at the box office, and probably the most popular film they ever did.  But time has been kinder to their earlier Paramount productions.  Those films are stagebound, but they have a madcap energy the MGM films never recovered.   If you're a real fan of the Marx Brothers, you've probably already seen this; the rest of you should start with Duck Soup or Horse Feathers.  A Night at the Opera was, unfortunately, the beginning of the end for this legendary team.
 Otis B. Driftwood
 I've done yoga off and on in the past, both via video and also live classes.  This video is definitely not for beginniners.  Some of the poses are intermediate (at least in the live class they were) and in that class we moved into these poses much more slowly and used props to help us.  10 minutes into the DVD, she has you doing the triangle pose and another one (whose name I forget) where you stand on one leg with one arm touching the ground and the other arm and leg in the air. And this moves alone at a fast clip.  I'm also taking away another star because there's no warm up and her verbal cues do not always match what she's doing.  You have to be able to watch the DVD to follow her prompts - not an easy thing to do when you're in down dog! Otherwise I liked this DVD and would recommend it for intermediates.  It has beautiful scenery and Suzanne Deason herself is a pleasant and likable teacher to spend some time with.  It just seems to be mislabeled as "beginner. For a beginner, there are some poses on here that I definitely could not hold.  I thought it was a good workout and taught me about different poses for strengthening, but it seemed more advanced for beginners in some parts with the balancing.  I wasn't expecting easy, just maybe a slower paced beginning.
 I notice the reviews are really mixed on this tape, but I say it's just OK. I have lots of yoga tapes, and this is the one I reach for the least. I think the instructor's delivery is rather unenthusiastic, although I find it soothing in the relaxation portion, and I feel like I need to hold the poses longer to really benefit from them. It does work the lower body, and it's short enough to do before you go to work, but I just can't get excited about it.
 I don't see why they feel the need to re-release this 1985-86 Season of this police drama out on DVD since Anchor Bay already has the first 3 seasons out on DVD along with the fact that they still haven't released the remaining 4 seasons of HUNTERs 7-year run on NBC yet either.  My guess on why they're re-releasing HUNTERs 2nd Season out on DVD is perhaps due to wanting to compensate for all the flaws & boo boos they made on the first 3 seasons of HUNTERs DVD box sets since Anchor Bay did kind of a cheesy job on them.  However, HUNTERs 2nd Season is a definite upgrade from HUNTERs 1st Season as well as the season when Bruce Davison joins the cast & crew as Hunter & McCall's superior officer (Capt.Wyler)at the fictional Metropolitan Police Department in L.A. replacing his predecessor Capt. Dolan(John Amos)and when John Shearin joins the cast & crew as Hunter & McCall's remarkable streetwise fellow officer(Lt. Ambrose Finn)which made his first appearance in the "Blow-Up episode & when Hunter & McCall's doofus fellow officer Det. Bernie Terwilliger#James Whitmore, Jr.) gets transferred to Internal Affairs & eventually gets promoted to lieutenant.  As a matter of fact, James Whitmore, Jr. directed quite a few episodes of this police drama too like "Night Of The Dragons", "Rich Girl", "The Big Fall", "The Set-Up", "High Noon In LA", "Sniper", "Avenging Angel etc.  In this season, it was also interesting seeing *Gary Graham in the "Killer In A Halloween Mask episode before his co-starring days on the short-lived Fox series ALIEN NATION  *Robert O'Reilly in "The Set-Up episode before his co-starring days on STAR TREK
 I haven't finished viewing all the dvd's for this series. I have been unable to view so far 2 of the programs out of 3 dvd's because they are garbled. Other than that, it arrived quickly. I still have another dvd to go before I'll know whether any other shows will be unwatchable.
 Even though I like the actors, and the plots were what one would expect, the dialog and editing left me wondering why I liked the program when it aired on TV.
 Take a cheeky eight-year-old, put him in a situation he has to slapstick his way out of with the kind of antics most cartoon characters wouldn't survive, and what you have is one of the most wildly popular, commercially successful comedies of all time.  And when it's over, though most likely you'll have had a good time, you'll be tempted to ask the question
 Ive ordered products from this seller before and theyve been amazing, but halfway into this movie the first time we watched it, it skips and completely freezes, so we have to skip ahead an entire scene. It does that every time we watch it.
 Home Alone, staring Macaulay Culkin (Home Alone 2) and directed by Chris Columbus (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone), is a childish movie.  A very childish movie.  One that succeeds in entertaining but something that you enjoy as a little kid and laugh at when you're an adult.  Even the concept of the movie is dumb.  Like I said, it is not funny, it's just entertaining.  Let me tell you something comedy fans
 home aloneis porably one of the ulimtmate familymovies.I frist saw it when i was 12. i then proccedto see two moretimesin the theatres. then i got the  video. now iam 22 and stil llike it.culkin gives a good perfomance proboly  because he flimed it before he hit it big.i thiunk he did not want tobe a  big star and thats why some of his later perfomance were not as good anyway  this is cute and good movie.
 Product was great and in good condition. The price was a bit high though for a used DVD.
 Home Alone is one of the top grosing films ever and is a family classic but it's not a great film. Yes the film is funny and it's a fun family film for the whole family but it's not a great film. Maybe I dont find it great becouse I've seen it so maney times and i dont find the traps funny anymore(I liekd the traps in the sequal better). The story is un beievale as a boy is left home alone by mistake during christmas and he sets the house full of traps to catch 2 bumbling robbers. Culkien is great and Stern and Pesi are funny. The movie is a good christmas film.
 Version
 The climax of this movie, in which an eight-year-old boy booby-traps his house to prevent two burglars from robbing it while his family is away on Christmas vacation, is quite entertaining. He uses ice, tar, fire and whatever else he can find in the house to make even something as simple as walking up the stairs or turning a doorknob a dangerous experience for would-be-robbers.  In a more serious movie; one that doesn't sugarcoat its violence in slapstick comedy; the two burglars, named The Wet Bandits because one of them likes to clog the sink and leave the water running when they rob a house, would probably be dead. Here, they just hurt and humiliate themselves in amusing ways. There's a scene involving a spider that's actually laugh-out-loud hilarious.  What's annoying is the boy, Kevin. I guess he's supposed to be cute, and he might look cute, but the way he acts; the character and the actor who plays him; is the worst thing about the movie. When a Wet Bandit falls victim to one of his pranks, he celebrates with a "Yes! When he glides across a sheet of ice to escape a policeman, he lets out an exaggerated "Wooah! It's just annoying.  With that, I think Home Alone would be better if Kevin's character were presented in a more realistic way. I'd also like to see some background to how he's able to come-up with such an ingenius Battle Plan. There are no scenes of him making booby traps before his family mistakenly leaves him home alone; an inclusion that would work wonders for the plot's believability factor.  marcellee.com
  Supergirl  was an attempt of the Salkind's to spin off there wildly successful  Superman  series. The film wasn't very well  received, and therefore no sequels resulted. In retrospect, the film's  major flaw is it's lack of direction(Jeannot Szwarc was a hack), and the  uniformly awful performances in the first half of the film. As the movie  progresses, it actually get's better, and the climactic scenes in the  Phantom Zone and Selina's fortress are actually exciting. The flying  sequences are the best in the  Super  series next to the first   Superman  movie, and the effects are all quite good. The Anchor  Bay video is actually a dreadful transfer, though I'm sure that this has  more to do with source material than it does with thier efforts, as they  are usually very concerned with picture and sound quality. This has some  added footage that was not in the original American release print, and with  one exception(Nigel's blonde girlfriend should have stayed on the cutting  room floor), they improve the film. Not great, but certainly interesting. A  total widescreen remaster on DVD with Dolby Digital sound would likely  improve things even more; are you listening, Anchor Bay?
 Helen Slater (a dead ringer for the woman of steel) appears as "Supergirl", a survivor of Argo City in pursuit of the Omegahedron...a device that can turn any thought into reality. A likable adventure. Co-starring Faye Dunaway...who overacts as a wannabe witch. (By the way, When DOESN'T Ms. Dunaway overact?) Also Brenda Vaccaro as her sidekick....who stinks up the screen. Go back to TV commericials, Brenda!
 This movie is a good old fashioned disney movie, clear cut good guy fighting the bad guy. Though the best film to relate this film to would be <a href="http
 I grew up watching this movie and was so excited to see it on here.  Having said that, I realized while watching it that I loved it so much because I was a child and it's a good, clean adventure story.  As an actual movie it's not all that great but if you have kids they will probably love it 
 We had bought a similar movie, Duma, which my family absolutely loved and thought this might be similar.  Watching Cheetah was a total 80s flashback--I had no idea this movie was out in the 80s but now that makes total sense given the wardrobe, the tube socks, the hair, etc.  I had assumed that it had been shelved way back when and was brought out because of the success of Duma.  The movie is enjoyable for a once-through.  Duma is MUCH better.
 MY RATING- 6.3 This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine. The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music! However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers first season star Ian Hendry. Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
 I remember seeing 'Get Carter' as a kid and being swept along by director Hodges subversive intentions. You identify with Carter's strength, self assurance and success with women and want him to succeed but when vengence finally arrives you are repulsed and he ceases to be human. He becomes a monster. As such, I think this is one of the few exploitation pictures that is genuinely anti-violence. The plot though, is more like a B-movie western with a truly absurd body count. Lone gunfighter rides into town to avenge his brother. Visits the Saloon. The old barman routine. Sizes up the bad guy. Gets involved with the floosies. Has gunfight with the hired killer at dawn. This departs from the usual western cliche with a hilarious lack of chivalry. Only one man gets to 'draw'. The only element missing is the Sheriff who fails to see Carter wandering around with firearms in broad daylight, not to mention a gunfight at the OK dock. "You'll get us nicked! Wails a cowboy to his cowhand who's blasting away with a shotgun. Fat chance of that, mate, the Sheriff seems to be both blind and deaf. Carter's eventual tally is something like seven people in a day (I count the couple in the car and the girl in the trunk.) Average score in a western, but rather unlikely in the north of England. But maybe I haven't lived. There's three tasty geezers in the commentary. Well, only two as it turns out. Director Hodges seems to be have been fed laughing gas. Wish we could share his hilarity. Caine's contribution is surprisingly prejudicial to your actual working classes. He identifies rather too much with his character and menacingly claims to be from a family that had a 'reputation' that people ignored at their peril. Ooh, mummy. He then trots out a series of dispiriting East End cliches about the Kray's. Salt of the earth, loved their mums, helped pensioners and kept the streets safe from pondlife. Deary me. He contradicts the safety of this 'altruism' by revealing that it was he that suggested a family should be in the car Fletcher lands on courtesy of Carter, the inference being that gangsterism affects us all (er..?) Despite Caine's constant attempts to create a frisson regarding his roots, his portrayal of Carter doesn't always convince, especially in his mannered delivery. The commentary then frequently grinds to a halt due to the participation of the Cinematographer whom I took to be Jewish. Sadly, no Jackie Mason-like wit is forthcoming, only a hilariously monotonous and protracted rendition of where he put the lights, tripod, gaffertape, etc. I think it's time to get Carter.
 Michael Caine stars in this revenge crime drama as a Gangster from London who decides to look in to the suspicious death of his brother.his investigation ends up ruffling some feathers,and Jack becomes a target.i won't say anything else about the story.you'll have yo watch the movie to find out more.i' will say that this is not what you would call an action packed movie.it moves at a moderate pace.it's not boring.things are always happening,just not at a frenetic pace.and every scene occurs for a reason,even if it doesn't appear that way.at least that's the impression i felt.but it's really the acting that's the anchor here.Caine is great as the title character who won't give up,until he finds the answers.the supporting cast is also good.for me,Get Carter is a 3.5/5
 first off i do not care for micheal caine second he is no action star the movie seemed long and boring at most parts my favorite part in the whole movie was the end i know by writng this i am making alot of people mad cult classic no
 I love play with me sesame but the cases these come in are crap! The discs came loose. I wish they were packaged different but it is still a good show
 Too bad Sesame Street seems to have taken down all their online game content (August 2008) So much for their educational mission! I guess some of it is available on these DVD/CD-ROM releases, but it sucks that low income families have to buy them instead of getting the content online, as they've been able to for the last few years. (T-Mom)
 Not much to add as many of the other reviewers describe this piece of goofy frivolity perfectly.  The "high point is the football game at the end.  Playboy Playmates, breasts, and goofy hijinks.  There really isn't much reason to watch this other than the fact there are a lot of topless women in this movie.  'Nuf said.
 this vhs was blurry. needs more gator action & with enough length. i was kind of a long and white lookin gator. if u can find it, widescreen would be better.
 In employing the central character from Henry Morton Robinson's book as a brush for painting a landscape mural of the 20th century, Otto Preminger attempted too much and consequently accomplished too little.  Preminger's Cardinal-in-the-making is a man who has just too much to do for a character in even such a long movie.  [...]  In taking us along on the journey to Cardinal Fermoyle's fate, Preminger seemed compelled to demonstrate to us that the 20th century was awash in conflict between traditional values and a budding sexual revolution, that abortion debate was in our future, that Prohibition came and went, that the Western Hemisphere was earning the right to demand central billing on the world stage, that the Nazis were on the march (and, boy, were they a nasty lot).  In the end, Father/Monseigneur/Cardinal Fermoyle feels more like a tour guide than a man of deep faith who learns first to understand, then humanize, then telegraph that faith to others.  One just has that feeling of pushing away from the table after a very big meal but still feeling hungry.  We get close, so very close, to the feeling that Fermoyle is a truly remarkable man of faith . . . but the fullness of the sensation remains just out of our grasp.  The fault is primarily Preminger's, but just a wee bit of it might rest with Tom Tryon.  While he was generally up to the role, I kept thinking about another tall, dark, handsome actor who perhaps could have pulled a bit more substance from the role
 This film, made a long time ago, is an old chestnut, but still there are some good bits in it.  If one likes pomp and ceremony, you will like this.
 Robert Blake as  Big John  Wintergreen is the important part of this film. Not to say that the motorcycle chase setpiece isn't worth watching. Not that the end of the film isn't ironic and powerful. But Bobby Blake simply *owns* this film. As Arizona motorcycle patrolman John Wintergreen, Blake gives  an excellent portrayal of a man who remains idealisticdespite the cynicism that his job normally engenders. As other reviewers have mentioned, this film forms an almost certainly unintended (and somewhat tenuous, but nonetheless real) stylistic trilogy with  Easy Rider  and  Vanishing Point , examining issues and aspects of the counterculture of the 70s through the lens of America's addiction to gasoline.  Of particular ironic (and iconic) interest to myself and other Viet Nam veterans is the scene betwen Big John and the truck driver... And the poignance of the ending is unquestionable, reflecting the cynical view that  No good deed goes unpunished.  ((Why was a still from this film displayed with other photos, awards and trophies on Captain Furillo's office wall on  Hill Street Blues ?)) ((Incidentally, while director Guercio was, as has been mentioned, horn band Chicago's producer, before that he played bass for Frank Zappa in the Mothers of Invention...))
 The first hour of the film is spot-on, totally worthy of its "minor cult classic status. Unfortunately, the second half of the film is a bit of a let-down, for various reasons, including a rather preposterous resolution of the crime -and perp (excluding, of course, the oft-discussed final five minutes, which are as good as any in the film).  As a murder mystery (which it is only in part) it starts out well,but then doesn't seem to know what to do with itself (unlike, for instance,"Bullit a film that has an urban setting but an equally fascinating lead performance/character)  But Robert Blake's acting is excellent and the cinematography is fully appreciated, especially on wide-screen DVD.
 I saw this movie as a kid and later when it was released on VHS picked up a copy of it. The movie is visually impressive and its style is more like what you would see years later in music videos. Robert Blake is excellent in this quirky yet dark story about a pint sized motorcycle cop whose ambition sees him investigating a murder case. Hippies, pigs, nymphos and detectives with erectile dysfunction are abound.  I liked the movie and just remember it as being something different and not what you normally expected at the time.
 I had seen parts of this before, but watched the whole thing through today.  I must say, as great as parts of this film are, it nevertheless disappoints on many crucial levels.  The acting, (while largely cheesy) is enjoyable in a pic like this.  I do enjoy Robert Blake's performance though, even though Detective Harvey is WAAAY over the top!!  (the coroner guy was very good also). I definitely see a link to "Easy Rider", and indeed, both films represent a (then) new wave of modern western, even maybe similar in some ways to Peckinpah's "Wild Bunch and "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia". Actually, as powerful a film as Easy Rider is, I don't think it's a very good film either. But like Elecra Glide, it does invoke that new "take to the highway consciousness of the counterculture of the early 70's.  And as in Easy Rider, the cinematography in Electra Glide is fantastic!  The amazing Conrad Hall (the original Outer Limits, and tons of other shows and movies), shows Arizona in all its beautiful glory, this film really looks great!!  And it is such fun to see late guitar great Terry Kath and former bassist Peter Cetera from the group Chicago, after all, this was a James William Guercio film).  But the pacing, acting, story, and editing are, umm...flawed IMO. Mild recommendation.  Great soundtrack, including guitar great Larry Carlton!
 The freedom afforded young American directors in the seventies heralded some of the most adventurous and terrific films in the history of cinema.  It also produced alot of self-indulgent claptrap.  Unfortunately, "Electra Glide in Blue falls more in the latter category than the former.  Director James William Guercio would like to invoke comparisons to John Ford(hence, the Monument Valley locales) and "Easy Rider".  Instead his film seems like a wacky episode of "CHiPs".  I have nothing against a filmmaker who tries to pace his film deliberately.  Guercio's direction, however, feels hamhanded and labored.  Not that he's helped by a script that contains any number of preposterous scenes.  One that comes to my mind is the long one involving a barmaid (Jeannine Riley) who dresses down a detective(Mitchell Ryan) for his inadequacies.  The film is redeemed by some terrific acting by Robert Blake as the highway patrolman who has big dreams that are undermined by his integrity, Billy "Green Bush as a fellow patrolman who isn't working with a full deck, Elisha Cook as a mentally challenged man, and Royal Dano as the Coroner.  It goes without saying that Conrad Hall offers up terrific camerawork.  Look close for a young Nick Nolte as an extra in the commune scene.
 All in all it's not a great movie.  I found the plot somewhat convoluted.  The acting is awful at times.  Most of the main characters are people I would not associate with but John Wintergreen (a young Robert Blake) was all right.  He had an overdeveloped sense of fairness, right and wrong that would eventually do him in.  The movie has a quirky personality.  At times it's intentionally funny but some of the great scenes are when it's unintentionally funny.  I liked the background music.  More than a few times it was perfectly suited as background for the associated scene.  The chase scenes were well done, at times overdone.  The raw, seedy side of the Southwest was the perfect backdrop for this movie.  I could almost smell the stale cigarette smoke, beer and urine.  The scenery was at times Kodak perfect.  Twenty-five years ago I really liked the last song - the one that plays over the credits. Today, I find it preachy and very 60's.  I'm surprised the movie has not achieved cult status.
 Even if this is not as good as Ray Harryhausen at his best in "Jason and the Argonauts and "The 7th Voyage of Sinbad", it is certainly as good a quality as the later Sinbad's he did. Anderson's creatures may be a little rough around the edges by todays special effects standards but it is still quite entertaining for the whole family. Most children will find it great fun. There are numerous monster creatures and several interesting good characters. Kerwin Mathews and the rest the cast do above average performances. The sets and music help draw us into this wonderful adventure fantasy story. If you like Fantasy movies you will probably enjoy this one. Did you miss the price on this DVD? Talk about a bargain! Even if you for some odd reason you didn't love it you could donate it to a good cause. I got the DVD and even though released by Good Times it is an excellent transfer. The picture and sound are great. Good quality DVD and replayability. Most kids will love this.
 ASIN# B000050SKH I gave this film 3 stars based on "the Film because... -It was such a blatant band-wagon move after "The Seventh Voyage of Sinbad".  It's hard to watch without noticing parodies. -The giants inexplicably all have goat's legs, just like the cyclops in SVOS!! -Same director and lead actors as SVOS...  in the SAME ROLES!!! -Some scenes drag on, even action scenes!  "let's show more monsters LONGER!!!  The witch scene on the ship NEVER ENDS!! -A little magical helper, just like SVOS.  He even makes the same bargain for his freedom!! -Battle between giant and serpent, just like SVOS battle between Cycplops and Dragon. -Editing is silly at times.  Senes were obviously cut (gaunlet hall has arms cut off and blades broken but not a clue how it happened!) while others go on... and on... and on..... -Acting is valiant considering the script!!  This thing was obviously thrown together.  I particularly enjoyed the high-school acting of Judy Meredith.  Kind of like watching a car wreck... you just can't look away. -The monsters are extremely crude in every aspect, from sculpting to animation.  The funny thing is, the animation seams to get a little better as the film rolls along, like they created the sequences in script order. -Jim Danforth (though I never see his name on the Credits?) needed to understudy under Harryhausen a bit longer.  He had very little knowledge of human or animal physiology.  This made his creatures look cartoonish and less believable.  Do you like shiney monsters?  To his credit, they definately have character. -Despite all of this, it is a fun film.  Just need to get over the SVOS "cloning".   As a value priced DVD, I'd have to give it 5 stars.  Here's why; -Picture quality is better than could ever be expected for this obscure film (at this price).  Someone in Hong Kong must of had this on ice!! -Ditto for sound quality.  As good as could be expected for a featureless DVD. -Packaging is better than adequate.  They actually Screened a nice image on the disk! -NOT THE MUSICAL!!! Given all of this, I'd still recommend this DVD for Harryhausen Fans.  It really puts his skills in perspective.  It is also a whimsical and enjoyable movie in it's own right.  I just could not get over the "Sinbad thing!!
 The good news about this DVD release of Jack the Giant Killer is that it isn't the musical version! The movie was shoot with a release to television in mind.Producer Small intended to light the scenes way to bright and was composing for a little frame.Therefore someone can forgive its full frame presentation and the transfer from a good videomaster. This movie is a rare find and still fun to watch if you love classy stop motion. (...)
 The DVD is free of blemishes and is quite colorful; however, some images are pale, no doubt due to the aging of the original materials. This is especially apparent in composite shots where the models look bright but the backgrounds don't. Probably the best this film is going to look.
 One of the true treasures of my childhood, I saw this again as an 38 year old and had much the same feeling.  This is a good one, with a few significant flaws.  First, hopefully, I'm not the only one...but I found the princess MUCH more attractive and (yes) sexy after she was changed into the yellow-eyed, green-skinned evil incarnation.  Maybe it was the tighter dress, but she really did it for me, especially considering the  nice  princess was so vapid and bland.   As for the effects, they were also mostly charming.  The harpies attack on the ship to steal the princess was actually frightening!  As for the stop motion effects, by Jim Danforth, they were amatuer at best, crude at worst.  It's no wonder he never stepped out from Harryhausen's shadow.   Still, in all, a good film!
 Lower your Harryhausen-like expectations and you'll be pleased with this fantasy adventure.  Nowhere near the Sinbad series but the transfer looks good for a disc of this price....
 I remember seeing Jack the Giant Killer when I was young on a saturday afternoon movies channel. Its a little corney, but for its time, it was a well done flick, Brings back old and good memories!
 I must admit that I was not as impressed with this as I was when I saw it at a birthday party in 1962.  It is not so much that the special efects were crude, but that it was so monochromatic in terms of characters.  Of course, in the eye of childhood memory, there were images that lived in my mind
 This poor-man's "Seventh Voyage of Sinbad is not without it's charm, but the bizarre musical version is the one to find! Sure it's a mess, but WHAT a mess! If you're a fan of strange live-action children's musicals like the K. Gordon Murray Mexican releases ("Santa Clause", "Little Red Riding Hood Meets The Monsters", etc.) then you'll want to track down the musical version for this movie. Luckily I have my copy that I had taped from cable tv in the early 1980s.
 Tim Allen gives a good spazaz to Joe in this movie that makes it funny. Jim Belushi is great as the person who trains Joe in the ways of self defense. cute and not so crude like most comedys which crudeness ans sickness makes it downfall, but y'all enjoy Allen. for fans of the tool man and Belushi
 I swear maybe I should change my name to the 3D nut cause it seems like thats all I ever review on!!!  Shock Labyrinth was not a bad movie at all. I can see why some reviewers might have been a little confussed at times. I had to watch it twice to really pick up everything in the story and there is a lot of back and fourth with flashblacks. So in other words when watching this film you really have to pay attention or you could be missing out on a key thing in the movie. It really wasnt a bad movie at all and the acting was above decent I felt. If you like the wierd twist that you see in a lot of those asian suspense horror films then you will probably enjoy this one too.  Now for the area I usually love the most...The 3D!!!!!  The 3D in this movie was decent but with some flaws. There is a nice bit of shadowing in some scenes but then you will have very clear shots in other scenes, i guess the phares "mixed bag is the best way to discribe the 3d in this. It's not by any means horrible and does bring some more fun to the movie. There are a few fun pop out scenes and some shots with some really great depth to it then some scenes not so much. I dont think this was a bad buy at all for me and to be honest i am not that huge of a fan of the asian suspense horror.But over all I did enjoy this one a lot.If you are a fan asian 3D horror I would also recommend "childs eye 3D and even more so "Sector 7 3D which has fantastic 3D in it.
 Shock Labyrinth was an okay Japanese movie. I wouldn't call this a horror movie, it's more like a suspense movie. So if you're expecting something like The Ring or The Grudge, you're going to be disappointed.
 This is a interesting ghost movie about revenge. Or is it? that's what you have to decide in this movie. Is it all in one mans mind? Is it a ghost or spirit coming for revenge?  I liked that part of it. Even though it's sort of confusing like a labyrinth! Ok, that's cool. But the 3d goes from exceptional with great depth and beautiful scenes to the next scene where there's suddenly alot of ghosting, and crosstalk. where you see a light with two more lights around it. Then the next scene is great. This was shot in 3d and the problem was with the mastering to blu ray.  How they released this with so much problems is beyond me. This reminds me of 'dinosaurs alive' but that one had mostly good scenes ,and then some ghosting. and parts of 'pirhana 3d but those were a few scenes this is about half of the scenes in this one!  It's disturbing to the eye because if you wear contacts like me , I thought my lens were doing it, but they aren't after all , one scene is great, then the next is ghosting. This has extras on it;including interviews. If you like sorta confusing deep ghost stories then this is a good one but the 3d is problematic. ONe minuate you are in awe of how good the picture is with great depth and then you have two ears on a man!.  I probably should give this one star because they did a bad job on this blu ray in 3d. the 2d looks fine, but the movie was interesting and you did half the scenes looking great.
 *Review of 2D version. The Shock Labyrinth is a horror film about a group of teens that get stuck in a labyrinth from their past after trying to help a friend (also from their past). It's creepy and fun, but not very scary. Overall, it's definitely a great way to kill time.  What did I like? It's creepy and fun, like I previously stated. It moves at a very fast pace. The acting was about average. I definitely enjoyed the music. What I liked the most though was the make-up/effects on the "props", they're especially creepy and scary when they start to move. I like that it tried to be innovative in the way it told the story. There are probably 1 or 2 great scares. The ending was also decent, but you may be able to predict it.  What did I dislike? It doesn't have as many great scares as you'd expect knowing the director and origin.  And, although it's innovative, the storytelling is sometimes all over the place. It also has some cheesy special effects. Builds a good amount of tension, but it doesn't really lead to anything. Basically, it's not really scary, but often creepy and tense.  The Shock Labyrinth is a decent film, but it's just not as terryfing as it could've been. Go in with low expectations, and you'll most likely kill an hour and a half while having a fun time. As of 7/7/12, it is available on Netflix Streaming if you really want to watch and save some money.  This movie has some violence and blood, no sex or nudity.
 movie was ok,3D was ok,though it was little better in 2D.couldn't get into movie as much.it was an intresting product.
 Takashi Shimizu is one of those talented and gifted directors that has the ability to chill audiences to the bone. "Ju-on and "Ju-on 2 will stick with you long after watching them. "Marebito was pretty good. "Reincarnation is where things begin to go mainstream. Talented and gifted Asian horror film directors like the Pang Brothers, Hideo Nakata, Ahn Byung Ki and others seem to be more interested in going mainstream than doing what they do best and chilling us to the bone. In the case of "The Shock Labyrinth 3D", I was shocked (no pun intended) at how Takashi Shimizu has gotten away from his talent and gift and created this non-scary borefest. The film is not abysmal but it is nothing like his earlier work. The Pang Bros. followed suit with their 3D film "The Child's Eye 3D which was also a disappointment. "Ju-on White Ghost and "Ju-on Black Ghost are decent but made by other directors under the careful eye of Takashi Shimizu; so I read. This is why people are saying that Asian Horror films have gotten stale. But, alas, three films have come out recently that prove otherwise
 Although 2001's ONE 2 KA 4 features another pairing up of Shahrukh Khan and Juhi Chawla, it's merely a good, and not great, Bollywood movie. What helps is that the screen still lights up that much brighter whenever Shahrukh and Juhi share a scene, and that Juhi demonstrates a flair for light comedy, and also that Shahrukh effortlessly drives the film. Whatever it is that he does which makes him the King of Bollywood - the histrionics, the good acting, the making the most of those key moments - whatever it is, Shahrukh is very much in his element.  But, like a lot of Bollywood cinema, ONE 2 KA 4 is a mishmash and a rip off of Hollywood. In this instance, ONE 2 KA 4 bases its key premise on Michael Keaton's ONE GOOD COP. Our movie opens like a buddy cop thriller, as stern veteran police officer Javed Abbas (Jackie Shroff) and his younger, trigger-happy partner Arun Verma (Shahrukh Khan) go into shoot-'em-out action. Somewhere along the way, we learn that there's a softer side to Javed, that he's a single parent raising four children (one of them not his own). We also learn that his partner Arun isn't too fond of the kids. His distaste is fully reciprocated by the children, who tend to play practical jokes on Arun (the itching powder prank was messed up and had me scratching myself, not that that's unusual).  For most of the movie, the tone vacillates from warm family drama to loud police action thriller. We get to the meat of the plot when Javed is murdered in the line of duty, and Arun decides to take in his kids. Except that the kids now really, really can't stand Arun, in part blaming him for their father's death. Throw in an annoying house guest who won't leave and a chatty, perky Punjabi girl named Geeta (Chawla) whom Javed had befriended, and it becomes this really odd family dynamic.  On the police side of things, Arun is looking to nab a vicious drug lord named KKB who may or may not have had something to do with his partner's murder, and it doesn't help the movie that the actor who plays KKB turns in an over-the-top performance. This is something eventually held in common with the film's other significant villain, whose identity we don't learn until later. But, before that big reveal, this other villain is actually pretty restrained. But that guy, KKB, he's pretty cartoony throughout.  The big twist (and there's always one in Bollywood) happens right before intermission, as Arun investigates a suspicious nightclub and is shocked to see a girl performing onstage who looks remarkably like Geeta. This also segues us to the best musical number in the picture, "Osaka Muraiya. The other songs don't thrill me at all.  Since I'm bringing up flaws, I may as well mention a few others. Plenty of plot holes here, and to me the most glaring one is that Arun commits a crime and, when exposed, is neither expelled from the police force nor even receive jail time - instead, he merely gets suspended. Also, when converging on a highly dangerous collar, are Indian cops so macho that most of them disdain wearing bulletproof vests?  Shahrukh Khan and Jackie Shroff are good in the action scenes, particularly Shahrukh who gets plenty of chances to show off his athleticism. I would say that the best parts of the film are the scenes with Shahrukh and the kids, except that Shahrukh doesn't really interact that much with them. So there's not much resonance there. Instead the highlights revolve primarily around those moments with Shahrukh and Juhi, and I'm not complaining. As terrific as these two are with the romantic scenes, the moments which stick in my mind are the comedy bits
 I personally like classic movies; this one I never seen before and I enjoyed it.  I recommend it to anyone, you can set back with the family because it doesn't have all the violent crimes (bloody)we normally see now a days.
 This film was mentioned in a documentary about noir films, so I was looking forward to the stark lighting, pessimistic and violent story line, cynical men and sultry women.  Unfortunately this was a romantic comedy along the lines of a Doris Day 50's film.  The story barely holds together about a woman (Claire Trevor) working for LAPD who goes undercover in Mexico and ends up traveling with Fred MacMurray who plays a drug dealer. The head drug dealer (Raymond Burr) is after them and there are chases and hi-jinks through the Mexican countryside.  After a while I lost track of the plot and realized that the story only served to put MacMurray and Trevor in as many romantic situations as possible.  MacMurray was pretty sexy and played a bad guy and a romantic lead with his usual expertise.  Trevor was a good comedic actress, she reminded me a lot of Lucille Ball.  Burr burned up the screen whenever he appeared--a wonderful intense actor.  Overall, not my cup of tea.  I would give it two stars except I think the actors did a really good job; they held together an otherwise poorly constructed film.
 "Borderline doesn't know what it wants to be....it's a collision of genres, comedy and police drama with the lighter side dominating. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I didn't once look at my watch. The humorous lines are genuinely funny especially from Claire Trevor. There are little nuances that add so much to a scene. Without delivering a spoiler, there's a scene where MacMurray and Trevor are at the house of the local sheriff. The bit with the sheriff's daughter lends a nice touch of humor to an otherwise functional scene. There are a lot of these nuances either in action or dialogue throughout the movie. I would say that if you are looking for a good crime drama from this era, you might be disappointed. If however you go into the movie knowing it's not typical of the genre, you should be able to meet it on its own terms and have fun. I do recommend this film.
 I remember watching this program during the mid-1970's, when it was broadcast under the title "Moses
 I saw this for the first time on the weekend, and while it's not really as bad as some would have you believe, it isn't that great, either. To start with, it's hard to equate Matthew Broderick's Gadget, with the character played by French Stewart. Broderick put real life into Gadget, where Stewart played Gadget purely as a 2 dimensional cartoon character for 90% of the movie. The only time he came to life was near to the end, when Claw kidnapped Penny. Just for the record, I thought that was a nice throw-back to the original cartoon. Penny was forever getting caught by MAD agents, though she was usually rescued by Brain, and not Gadget. The emphasis on the glitches in Gadget's circuitry was a little confusing. In the cartoon, the so-called glitches were usually his gadgets doing the thinking for him. The Inspector was such a lame-brain (and I mean that in the fondest way) that he inevitably called on the wrong gadget for whatever situation he was in. So whenever a gadget popped out that was different to the one he called for, you could be fairly sure it was the right one to do the job. In this movie, the glitches were just that - glitches. And then, there's Claw. Rupert Everett did a fantastic job of playing Claw in the first film. It didn't matter that his face wasn't hidden, as was the case in the cartoon. It was pointless that they tried to do that in the second film. Aside from the shockingly awful voice, what they ended up with was an 'evil' version of Wilson from Home Improvement. It was just plain sad, given Everett's deliciously wicked performance in the original. I'm not totally sure what to think of Elaine Hendrix's performance as G2. I suppose it was fine when you consider that she is basically supposed to be an emotionless android who slowly comes alive as the film progresses, but how can you feel anything for a character that is little more than a piece of wood for most of the movie? Like French Stewart's Gadget, she only came alive towards the end of the film, and by then it was too late. There are positives to the movie. Unfortunately, there just aren't enough. One is the fact that Penny is given considerably more importance in this movie. In the first, she was more of a sidekick than anything else, and that rankled the hardcore fans quite a bit. The special effects were okay, but I'm afraid that's all I can say. As an Aussie, it was interesting to see two Aussie actors hamming up the roles of Chief Quimby and the Mayor (Mark Mitchell and Sigrid Thornton, respectively), but even they didn't give the film much of a lift. As another reviewer commented, one blessing was that the voice of the Gadgetmobile was the same. Unfortunately there just aren't enough other redeeming features to save what could have been a wonderful movie.
 I've seen hundreds of Sci Fi movies over the years.  This is one of those you'll wonder whether you've watched it or not a few years down the road.  You just can't remember.  All in all, I figure it's still better to watch a so-so Sci Fi movie than "Dances With Wolves or "Evita".  This movie will end up being non-memorable, but it's preferable to being in a coma.
 The film lacks profanity but it's characters do somehow come off three-dimensional all the same for a special reason I won't mention here. Check the film out and see why for yourself. Hint
 Based on Erich Maria Remarque's famous pacifist novel, All Quiet on the Western Front explores the horror of WWI through the eyes of a young German soldier.  Ideas of glory fuelled by patriotism are quickly drowned in the mud-filled trenches of the battlefield. Young lives are squandered cheaply for a few centimeters of ground.  WWI was fought with traditional tactics - the mass charge, trenches - but combined with more efficient killings machines - machine guns, field artillery - led to horrific loss of life among the soldiers.  The Germans learnt from these mistakes in WWII and employed the tactics of the Blitzkreig "lightening war where speed of movement was paramount.  Back to the film itself. It's really easy to tell this is a child of the early sound era - there is lots of overacting and it is very visual in its telling. Modern audiences will find it very heavy-going though.  Still it has an ageless anti-war message. An important part of film history but very much an antique now.
 I read the book first, several times.  It's my favorite.  This movie is stagey, and hard for people used to modern sound and color to watch.  It's a great story, but so much more is in the book.  It's more about Paul's personal change during the course of fighting, not so much about action so I find you get so much more out of reading the book.  Much more emotional, and you get to envision the characters as you like (I hate having a picture in my head and then the movie is completely different!)  The 1979 version with Richard Thomas is better, if just for the improved cinematography.
 Director Lewis Milestone weaves a powerful tapestry of loss, defeat, and the meaninglessness of war in this, one of the great anti-war tracts on  film. Unfortunately, it may not have the same grip and impact on today's  audiences because much of the handling is dated (acting is very  early-talkie style; individual scenes are occasionally rather maudlin;  naivety is rampant); and the narrative is somewhat choppy. However, a  considerable amount of the power is in the visuals, and these are just as  impressive and striking today. Milestone's deployment of camera motion,  choreography of the battle scenes, and the sharp, gritty look, as well as  the well-spent budget create an emotional force that carries the picture  with smashing success through many of it's rough spots. Indeed, the grammar  of his film-making  seems to contain an expressionism perfectly augmenting  the story's spirit; and moments achieve a stunning texture that haunt the  mind (take the opening scene in the classroom; or the final shot as the  boys look right into our souls). Some have even compared its style to  Eisenstein and Lang! Patience and understanding will reward the viewer with  a deeply-felt appreciation of what it is like experiencing the  ever-continuing suicide of the human race, and a high regard for one of the  cinema's classics.
 This is one of my favourite films of all time and it is certainly one of the best anti-meaningless war films ever.  If ever a film makes a strong case for war only as a very last resort, this one certainly ranks very highly indeed.  I had this on standard dvd and both the picture and sound qualities were terrible but I was able to forgive that at the time considering that it was released only 3 years after the very first talkie "The Jazz Singer was released.  And so you can imagine my anticipation when I learned that a remastered version on 1080p Blu ray was going to be released and so I couldn't wait to pop the blu ray disc into my player when I first got this.  Overall, this release is a mixed bag for me.  I like the digibook which is something I have always liked about blu rays and helps me to decide to double dip but I don't like the redundant standard dvd which makes the package unnecessarily bulky and is a waste as since I've upgraded to a Blu ray player, why the heck would I want a dvd?  The picture quality is a vast improvement over my previous standard dvd version but the sound quality is extremely noisy with tons of hiss which does distract a lot.  The BD-Live is useless because it really is just a vehicle for the studios to show you trailers of other films and this feature clearly has a lot of potential yet to be exploited.  The silent version of the film is a nice bonus.  Too bad the DTS 2 Channel Mono MA is so hissy during the spoken scenes and is certainly an area to be addressed before the inevitable next release.  Still, on the strength of the vastly improved picture quality and the silent film bonus, this is probably the best version of the film that is currently out there.  Don't expect much from the spoken dialogue parts though.
 The video downloaded efficiently enough, but the sound quality was poor, probably due to the age of the movie. As a teacher, I purchased the movie to show to my students, since Blockbuster did not have it. It's an excellent movie, but when you teach in a hut and your air conditioner is loud, it was hard for students to hear at times.
 This movie was good.  It is basically how the virus originated and was pretty interesting and would recommend if you are into zombie flixs but keep in mind this movie is primarily dialogue with very minimal action sequences.
 If you have seen other movies by Werner Herzog (e.g. Aguirre the Wrath of God), this movie might remind you of his familiar theme of the collision of modern out-of-balance civilization with savage or state-of-nature blissful mysticism.  A land dispute pits a powerful Australian mining company  against a group of Aborigines who believe this sacred land is where mythical green ants dream (the title of the film).  But unlike the straightforward good guy vs. bad guy movie, this plot unfolds amidst a slow but definite transformation of the characters on both sides of the dispute (and the judge who medaties the dispute), all of whom live through this encounter in different ways. Don't worry -this movie does not beat a pious message into your head.
 There are three distinct styles of German director Werner Herzog's films. There are his great, deep, and memorable fictive films- such as Aguirre
 "Where the Green Ants Dream remains one of Werner Herzog's most intriguing feature films. Its release was sandwiched in between the controversies, hardships and media outrage of "Fitzcarraldo and the emotional difficulties of Herzog's final collaboration with Klaus Kinski on "Cobra Verde. The film doesn't quite possess the myth and legend of other Herzog features and as a result as quietly drifted into semi-obscurity. The director himself has aided this drift by his reluctance to discuss the film, as if by his own admission it is a lesser entry in his filmography. Despite this WGAD is visually stunning and easily one of Herzog's most beautifully haunting films. The camera and Herzog is clearly in love with the wide open vistas of the Australian outback, and in their emptiness and vastness they remind one of the desert landscapes glimpsed in "Fata Morgana. From a thematic point of view Herzog continues his quest to chart the dreams and myths of isolated individuals or communities. In this case he explores the most marginal of groups; aborigines. In charting their efforts to stake a legal claim to the land they have inhabited for thousands of years Herzog shows his fury at the bureaucracy and red tape of the modern world. A world of faceless businessmen with capitalist aims living in faceless buildings in faceless capital cities. This is a world which rejects dreams in favour of cold hard facts and figures. The dichotomy between the two worlds is highlighted amusingly by an elevators mechanical failure and one of the aborigines struggling with a digital watch. Herzog fills his films with non-professional aborigine actors and their stiffness and inability in front of camera drains some of the films noble efforts for authenticity.
 If you like the show and want to know a little more back story, this is a good watch. Be warned, however, it's very obviously one of those hastily assembled behind-the-scenes deals with low production values of its own.
 If you would like to learn dances done on MTVs, then this is the dvd for you. Tina Landon breaks down each segment of the dance/video she whishes you to master. The teaching pace is just right and if you do not get it the first time,rewind.The instructions are not done as mirror image so you have to do it on the opposite direction.The last dance segment of the dvd is interestin, imo. I hope next time, Ms. Landon will do different dance routines instead of the ones she all ready did in her previous works. If not, maybe she could add a couple of Janet Jackson moves,which i find better than the other teeny booper singer/dance video she did.  I find the interviews and other interuptions pretty annoying. I payed for the dance instructions not the interview.I hope the next session will have emphasis on the instructions.
 I bought this DVD because Tina Landon is one of my favorite choreographers.  She has done fitness videos in the past for MTV that I bought almost 10 years ago and still workout to today. Behind the Moves is nothing like them. It shows you just what it's title implies - behind the moves of 4 videos that  Tina has choreographed. For those of us who have had no formal dance traning, it can be hard to follow because there is no mirror image, not to mention you do need coordination, persistance & determination.  And once you finally do get the choreography down for any given segment, you realize it's only about 30 seconds of dancing. BUT, if you like to dance and are interested in something challenging buying this video used may be worth a shot.
 I wasn't raised as a Disney kid, so I was only peripherally aware of this film growing up, maybe saw some of it on TV a time or two, but never in the movie theatres or from start to finish.  Recently, however, my kid and I read the first four "Mary Poppins books and were thoroughly charmed by their odd, acerbic humor. So I thought, hmmmm, maybe we should try the movie as well, even though I knew, vaguely, that the Julie Andrews MP was much different than the mysterious faerie-nanny we had come to know from the books. Although the Disney Poppins isn't entirely sugary-sweet, she is much more benevolent and feel-good than the grouchy, cross nanny in the books. Also, though I love Dick Van Dyke dearly, having his character Bert in the film from start to finish is a big change (Bert only appears in two or three stories in the books) and he often overwhelms the rest of the film.  The Banks family is also greatly altered - instead of a spaced-out humbug, the father becomes a foreboding, socially retrograde prig, while the mother (also a space cadet in the books) is made more sympathetic, a foil for the crabby dad. (And the interjection of her being politically active, as a  voting rights suffragette, seems oddly out of place
 Mary Poppins is a wonderful tale which combines the very talented Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It is a great story for both young and old. However this DVD is not what I expected although there were a few extras such as a game and a very brief making of documentary, it was not as indepth as some of the other Disney DVD's on the market. So its thumbs up for the film and a thumbs down for the DVD as a whole.
 I don't feel qualified to review because it is laying where I placed it after I received it.<a href="http
 Like many people, I saw the movie as a youngster and had the sound track record.  When the DVD first came out, I was upset to find that some of it was missing!  For example, a scene where the kids are actually making the kite with paper and glue with a too-large brush and the dog makes a mess of things; at the very end Burt saying "I love you, Mary Poppins as she floats off.  With DVDs we expect a longer "directors cut of a movie, not an abridged shortened version!  Looking at the other editions for sale here, I see the running length is the same.  So, what I'd like to know is
 Anyone who has a 16x9, widescreen television will be disappointed to discover that the technical information provided by Disney.  They released this disc saying that it was in a widscreen ANAMORPHIC format.  It is not.  It is widscreen (letterbox) but it is not anamorphic so it is distorted when displayed on a widscreen television.  It's disappointing because this film is one of Walt Disney's crowning achievements and it's too bad that they didn't put it out in the best possible format.
 I really could do without any Tommy Lynley - I think Havers could carry the investigations on well enough on her own!  Still, even his moody obnoxiousness isn't enough to ruin the series completely.  The individual cases are compelling and well-written; the investigations run and interesting (and sometimes surprising) course.  As a police/investigation show, I'd give it fairly high marks.  It could do without a lot of the personal drama, which feels a bit forced and unnatural at times.  I don't know if it's the script or the acting, because although I can see good reason for some of the drama and angst, it just doesn't feel right.  I suppose in the last episode in this series it's meant to show Lynley as more human, not the unfeeling aristocratic snob he appears in the books.  However, the rest of the series has amply made him feel like a character with plenty of depth, and this just feels uncomfortable.  Still a show worth watching if you're a fan of British mysteries, but it wouldn't be at the very top of my list.
 I love the Inspector Lynley Series but couldn't watch this series because of moving, annoying lines on the top of the screen on all four installments.  I've obtained this series from two different sources now and both have these lines.
 For eleven hours of hd video you do get your money worth with this overview of Italy, but this could have been so much better. It is spoiled by never ending fast moving footage from the air that is often very dark. They can't resist keeping the camera in motion no mater how interesting what they have to show the viewer even on the ground. Editing is incredibly sloppy, seemingly done by rank amateurs, who have never learned to remove the most obvious goofs and that a simple cut looks much better than fading and devolving from one scene to another. For the low price, it is worth watching, but this could be a lesson on how not to do a travel video.
 VAI's ongoing excavation of Japanese archival broadcast performances from the 1960s and 1970s continues with this relative rarity. One is surprised to encounter, on the heels of the earlier LUCIA and FAUST in the series, an opera for which no competing DVD is in the catalogue, and for which the 1997 "Met Guide To Opera On Video lists only a single VHS performance, that one a 1952 black-and-white film of an edition so severely cut that it barely exceeded the length of a highlights CD.  Donizetti's dramatic opera LA FAVORITE was composed for Paris, as even the uninitiated might guess from the conspicuous Act II ballet, dutifully danced here by local talent. Partly for its novelty value as a showcase for a star mezzo-soprano or contralto (the only soprano role, the heroine's confidante, is decidedly secondary), it has maintained a bare toehold in the repertory. Donizetti's music, as usual (exceptions being his comedic masterpieces ELISIR and DON PASQUALE), alternates between inspired and baldly formulaic, its stronger passages anticipating Verdi. The opera usually is performed, as here, in the ghastly Italian translation LA FAVORITA, which inflicts poorly constructed verses on Donizetti's melodic lines and also rewrites key relationships, for the appeasement of censors of the day. When the Italian translators were done with their work, the basso, originally conceived as a prior at a monastery, was not only a holy man but also a sort of governor figure, as well as the father of two children, the opera's tenor hero and the off-stage queen whom the king is wronging with his affair. The tenor is thus the brother-in-law of his baritonal rival. Much is made of his belief that he must achieve military distinction in order to be worthy of his mysterious lover, whom he believes to be of noble rank (this is the mezzo character, who is also the lover of the king), though in the Italian version this low-born striver is the queen's brother. Marrying well did nothing for the station of this woman's poor family, it seems. A libretto that already poses challenges with its improbable developments, some cluttered intriguing in the middle acts (intercepted letters and the like), and the dated nature of its moral values and dilemmas (even by Italian bel canto standards), becomes ludicrous verging on incomprehensible. The French version, which recently has been well served on an RCA audio recording starring Vesselina Kasarova and Ramon Vargas, is far superior as music and theater. The Italian bastardization can succeed only if supported by great singing.  Fortunately, more of the principals here can oblige us than not. Working my way up from lowest to highest voice, Ruggero Raimondi, a lad of 29 at the time and quite the youngest member of this quartet, was just embarking on that stretch of 15 years or so when he was the featured basso in every prestigious production or recording of an Italian opera for which Nicolai Ghiaurov could not be engaged. (I exaggerate. Slightly.) He has been aged convincingly for stage purposes as Baldassarre, and his admirers will find much to enjoy. His vocalism is silken-smooth as usual, with a little more punch and solidity to it than is often the case (he often sounds more juiced on stage than in the studio), and he is becomingly recorded. There is no getting around the weak bottom notes, a career-long debit, but it is a strong showing. The most significant blot on the performance is Sesto Bruscantini's Alfonso. Bruscantini in 1971 already had a few decades of experience behind him, and as late as the mid-1980s he continued to demonstrate his utility in live performances and recordings of comedic roles in COSI FAN TUTTE, DON PASQUALE and LA FORZA DEL DESTINO under no less exacting a conductor than Riccardo Muti. But the qualities that enable one to excel in a buffo part such as Don Pasquale or Fra Melitone are of little help in a bel canto dramatic assignment that demands facility with long lyric lines and some measure of florid dexterity. The Act II sequence "Vieni, amor!...De'nemici tuoi lo sdegno is, quite simply, calamitous. The baritone struggles with both pitch and balance, and fights a losing battle with a wobble so pronounced that it renders much of the music unintelligible. One winces for Bruscantini, and wants for his sake and one's own for the final bar line to be reached. The polite reception he receives for this entrance is to the great credit of a gracious Tokyo audience. Bruscantini remains a liability in an ensuing duet with the mezzo; thereafter, he effects a partial recovery, but never raises his standing above mediocre. At no point could this unsteady, poorly focused growling and barking be mistaken for good singing, and the preservation of this performance does no credit to a distinguished career.  The evaluation is reversed in the case of our Fernando, Alfredo Kraus, who all by himself would justify the purchase of this DVD for the master class in the arts of mezzavoce and legato that he provides in his Act IV solo. Kraus has come down to posterity as a singer prized for the finer points, for stylishness and elegance, and this is as it should be. What often surprises me, although I should not continue to be surprised at this point, is the sheer power that he can summon along with those virtues. He sounds as though he could hold his final high note in this opera -- and a thrilling, ringing thing it is -- for days. His partner, Fiorenza Cossotto, singing the eponymous role, can be seen today as a well-balanced bridging figure in her performing tradition. Her manner is gutsy and temperamental, and she is not above some old-fashioned breaking of character to bask in a triumph. Having just sung an aria that includes such lines as "Heaven itself decreed my grief...At my feet the grave has opened, she throws her arms wide open and beams, ecstatic. Character Leonora is not eagerly anticipating the fulfillment of a morbid death fantasy; singer Fiorenza is just especially pleased with the climactic high notes she has nailed, and with the three-minute ovation she gets for the effort. It would be easy to note such a display and consign Cossotto to the old school without qualification; but in fact, she combines that gusto and abandon with a quite modern respect for musical values. Like Kraus, she can be both forceful *and* graceful, and while her stage acting is only serviceable, she is at a rarefied level in her ability to use her voice's colors, shadings, and dynamics in the service of the text. The power of her acting is always in the musical gesture and nuance, not in the things she does with her hands or her face. On her personal 1-to-10 scale, this performance is about an "8 -- a few tones at the very top come out slightly squeezed, and her high note to close out the noisy Act III ensemble is not quite up to pitch -- but Cossotto at "8 is a tremendous pleasure. She was something of "la favorita herself for record companies in the 1960s and 1970s, and was able to commit almost all of her signature roles to deluxe commercial recordings in that period. Her later Decca recording of this part, opposite Pavarotti, is note-complete, as this is not (here she sings only one verse of the Act III cabaletta, and is allowed to modify the coda by dropping out for a couple of measures so as to load up for the big money notes at the finish), but in every other respect the live performance is to be preferred. The mezzo's voice has more freshness and sap, with all its distinctive characteristics in evidence
 I bought this recently and just watched it.  The picture quality is horrible.  You cannot see anyone in the orchestra since the picture is dark and grainy.  The sound is surprisingly excellent and in stereo.  The orchestra is very good.  The singing is top notch although Bruscantini was far below expectations.  Cossotto was a pleasure and a very young Raimondi who was made up to look very old was terrific.  But what makes this DVD a good buy is the opportunity to hear and see Alfredo Kraus.  One of the top tenors in my lifetime he is at his best in this opera.  Only the graininess and darkness of the picture brings my rating of this down to a three.
 La Favorita will never be one of my favorites, but it has its moments...a few anyway. This was a 1971 production in Tokyo.  The dancers and chorus were Japanese, which caused some trouble in choruses such as "A lei son plesso alfine! which tended to come out as "A ray sor plesso arfeeney.  But nevermind that.  The production as a whole and the opera itself were rather awful...summoning up every opra cliche and staged ineptly.  (I was tempted to go back through the whole thing and list all the blunders, much as I once did for Florence Foster Jenkins, but I decided not to.) So why buy the DVD?  Because I heard the same production on Notre Dame's art-music radio station.  Radio compliments the work as one doesn't have to watch the awful staging and acting and the libretto doesn't matter.  BUT the voices of the principals got my attention.  Four folks in terrific form
 Sigmund Freud could have written the script, had not the religious people in this film been described as pretty normal. Or at least, their religion is not their problem. But still, killing your mother's lover and then trying to live on sounds like something that would have come straight out of Freud's own dark subconscious.  Synthersizer music, women with straight long hair and the colours (among other things) give an early eighties feeling, which of course always is a good thing. The story is not very original, but not uncreative either. A broken mirror and a man who has been dead for 20 years make people bleed, scared or dead. If Michael Myers wears a Halloween mask, Jason a hockey mask, this guy wears a stocking over his head. That's original, but not independent.  The film is never scary, but neither uninteresting; actually it's rather fascinating and entertaining.
 Not a bad collection of Bond material, however, this is a mix of various Bond movies with a variety of leading Bond actors. I recommend looking into the 1996 Collections that have the videos in chronological order and primarily by actor. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 1 includes all six Broccoli-produced Sean Connery Bond films, to include a 1995 documentary video. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 2 includes all seven Roger Moore films and Timothy Dalton's first film. Although these sets are out-of-print, they are still available as used and collector's sets through Amazon.com's Marketplace. If you're like most fans, you'd prefer to have the movies that include your own favorite  leading-Bond-man !
 Frankly, I was not that impressed by this box (the first box was top  notch, however). In my opinion, MGM rushed this box (and TWINE) out of the  door, at the expense of quality. TMWTGG refused to play the 2nd layer, but  thank you, Amazon, for replacing it. The picture quality of the other  movies is excellent, but none of the movies feature a 2nd audio commentary,  as opposed to 6 of the 1st box. On the bright side, the movie that started  it all is included, as well as Lazenby's only flic, which compensate for  Moonraker. IMHO, you might as well get OHMSS or whichever movie you like  best, and forget the rest, unless you're a die-hard JB fan.
 I just bought James Bond Collection, Vol. 2 for my brother and much to my surprise found that THREE of the titles were also in Vol. 1 of the series (which he has).  What a rip-off!  Paid over $100.00 for 3 new discs. Very disappointing.
 The unltimate Classic's of 007's Sean Connery and Roger Moore
 These Bond bundles were apparently designed to package one or two essential movies in each set together with several bad movies. Vol. 1 was a reasonably good collection with not too many weaknesses, Vol. 3 a travesty with the incomprable From Russia With Love lumped in with the bottom of the Bond barrel. This set falls somewhere in between. Dr. No, the first movie in the series, is also one of the best. Man With the Golden Gun is one of Moore's least annoying, I actually found it pretty enjoyable. The Spy Who Loved Me is not horrible but pretty forgettable. Moonraker is a joke, with the worst climax ever. Hardest to review is On Her Majesty's Secret Service. George Lazenby plays Bond for the first (and mercifully the last) time. The tragedy here is that they waste one of the best Bond scripts and the best heroine on the worst Bond. Diana Rigg is magnificent, virtually the only Bond girl with an actual character to play. If Bond was ever going to truly fall in love, it would have to be with her.
 It is a good souvenir from my Youth. It is in black and white and the sound is not perfect but it always remember me the time when I was only 8 years old. If you do not know the classic series of Robin Hood, buy at least the DVD #1 to learn of Robin of Loxley is become Robin Hood.
 This is the DVD release of the 1987 movie "Graveyard Shift".  It is about a vampire that drives a cab in New York at night.  This helps him find his victims, which must be a woman who is dying or wants to die.  This movie embraces the theory that if you die by being bitten by a vampire you automatically become a vampire.  This raises a question as to why the vampire appears to be so careful in the selection of his prey.  He does not bother to make sure his victims do not return as vampires and his victims, when they return as vampires, turn around and start killing innocents.  He nonetheless eventually falls in love with one of the women he meets.  The idea of hooking up with women by driving a cab made the movie original but it makes no sense that a vampire that apparently had a certain set of morals in selecting his victims would then turn around and leave them to become vampires themselves.  That little bit of illogical behavior is found in other vampire films however clear back to the original "Dracula so it shouldn't put off diehard fans.  The movie is fairly well presented and has a lot of artistic merit that earned it a lot of praise from viewers.  While I would never call it one of my personal favorites I'd recommend it all the same to folks that enjoy these low budget ventures into the world of the undead.
 Graveyard Shift (now released under the title CENTRAL PARK DRIFTER) is just your average vampire flick. Nothing too spactacular, just a vampire cab driver taking his victems one by one. This movie is fairly well presented and has some artistic elements within its filming. Not one of my favorites, but I would recommend it to vampire film lovers. I've seen better vampire films, and I've seen a lot worse ones. There is also a sequel titled UNDERSTUDY
 I bought the 2006 edition on DVD and it was great.  I was waiting for this in Hi Def as the entire series was shot that way but alas it does not appear that it will be available.  What gives.  Is MLB losing it.  They have not had Bluray editions of any of the past world series and I would have expected it for at least the last 3.  So disappointed.  Common MLB we what it in high deffinition!!!!!  Oh the games were great and I want to see game 6 over and over again but I still want it on BluRay.  Update
 for YEARS this was all we had of Jimi's appearance at the Isle of Wight. It's a shorter, lo-fi version of Wild Blue Angel. Unless you lived with this version, and don't care otherwise, buy the newly released Blue Wild Angel DVD instead, it has MUCH better sound, and the complete performance. Well, almost complete. The CD has two or three tracks, like "Hey Baby/New Rising Sun that you won't find here.
 you'll refer to this one now again, not often, but you'll be pleased you have it in the collection.  the man is clearly from another planet.
 When I boutht this dvd, I thought I was gonna see a whole concert. Was I  totally wrong! This is not an entire concert. But who would forget Jimi's searing rendition of red house? not me. For those of you that like Hendrix's pyrotechnics, get the following
 Before I saw this movie, I thought it was a comedy. But this movie is so gory and there is so much violence that you shouldn't call it a real comedy. It is a thriller with some funny moments.  If you look at it  serious, you will probably hate it. But if you don't think about the  tragedy and the drama, then it's an enjoyable movie.  The performances of  the actors are great and there are some very funny scenes.  Good to see  once, but not twice.
 This black comedy took me 2 sittings to get through it, however I am glad that I did - it is SO sick that it is funny.  The high testosterone level of the movie was irritating, ever for this male viewer, but heck - they were in DEEP and didn't really handle it all that well.  Saying that, there were some classic scenes of weirdness that I have just never seen before, making it worth the price of admission. If you want something to shake you up and you are not upset by tasteless humor, this movie should be on your rental list.  Diaz is great, and all the 'bachelors' in the party-gone-bad are pretty good when their time comes, some better than others...  Slater was the big name, but he was just simply the scumbucket that all the others worked off of - and I enjoyed the 'other' performances a lot more.   Give it a run through the VCR when this kind of urge hits ya...
 This was a good movie.  Not great, but well worth watching... when your mom is not around.  The cast is perfect and the comedy ensues as the errors compound, erupting in a final  happy  ending.  See this movie at least once.
 by Dane Youssef  Well, now here's one that feels like doesn't just feel like another machine-made piece from off the assembly line. Here is a movie that feels like it has it's own ideas, thoughts, edges and all.  The studio execuives didn't dig their claws into this one, sucking all the nerve and originality out of it just to make it inoffensive and more filt for mass consumption.  All the more making this a move that's really worth seeing for those who don't like movies that just connect-the-dots and paint-by-numbers. In other words, a movie that desperately needs to exist. And be seen.  A bizzare combo protein-shake of black comedy, thriller and horror show, this is one of those Slow Saturday Night cult films that the weirdo clerk behind the counter is always personally recommending for those customers who ae kind of like his pals.  "Very Bad Things is a film that plays out like a worse-case scenerio. One of those movies that puts a group of relative people in a situation where everything that can possibly go wrong... does. Hopefully, with results that translate to a good movie.  I found the movie to work on multiple levels. As an angry, aggressive, and assertive male-bonding comedy. As a thriller. As a white-knuckle, nail-biting action film. As a nightmare.  Writer/Director Peter Berg remarks he came up with the idea for this movie when he was at a bachelor party and saw the rowdy and over-the-top behavior from a lot of the other guests. These guys were looking for trouble, he said. What would happen if they found it? More than they could handle.  The movie is all-over-the-map, but I like that about it. Berg sets up some cynical suburbanites and their rowdy behavior and puts them in several life-or-death situations, which despite what many say, is thrilling to watch.  Christian Slater gives the strongest performance as the devil-may-care Robert Boyd, a man who seems to have no moral threshold. We never doubt his actions for a second. Slater knows how to play this character as plays him to the hilt.  Daniel Stern plays his usual nebbish. From the "City Slickers movies, the "Home Alone movies and all his others, he's appropriately nervous and uneasy--especially after what's occurring right now. There's are massive murders bobbing up and the body count is still rising.  Cameron Diaz is also effective doing an evil turn on the wedding-obsessed loon she was in "My Best Friend's Wedding as a woman who doesn't care about anything else but having her big day. As far as she's concerned, the guests and the groom are secondary. She nitpicks and she bullies and berates. Many guys see this as the epitome of the woman who's about to have her big day.  Jon Faverau isn't as "money as he's been in other roles, but maybe that's because he's supposed to be the straight man. He's a little too straight. Too stiff. You kind of wish they had spiced him up some more. He appears to just be in shock and going along with the flow most of the time, like a tag-along.  The movie plays out as a dark comedic thriller and at times a morality tale. What I like the most is the anarchy of the film and the performance of Christian Slater and especially the different ways the men and women in the movie react to him.  Watch for his scene with Tripplehorn when they go one-on-one. The homages to "Good Fellas and "Reservior Dogs are cute and memorable too.  Like I said before, this is a must-see for anyone who hates generic, paint-by-numbers movies. If this sounds like your cup of tea (and it damn well should), you're someone after my own heart. Then THIS is a must-see.  Next time you're at the video store looking for a movie with huevos that hit hard (but don't worry, not down there exactly)...  danessf@yahoo.com  http
 Black comedy... are you kidding me.  This one is just a little too over the top to really fall into that category.  But just the idea of it is great.  It's every woman's nightmare.  Her man is on the way with his loser friends to Vegas (much against her protestations) for a weekend of God knows what.  Of course you have the classic different personality types.  Some ultra conservatives, some guy always looking for an angle, a guy who thinks he's much cooler then he really is, and then the guy in the middle who just so happens to be the fiance of said woman (Cameron Diaz) Now throw in the fact that the woman is just an overly uptight and insecure [person] and you know that all manner of mayhem is on it's way.  But even I couldn't have imagined the lengths and depths to which these guys would go.  The film is just a little to ridiculous for real enjoyment.  But nonetheless you'll get some great laughs from it.  And if your friends are anything like mine I could really see all of us as the characters in the film.   Worth a look just don't expect shakespeare (although) you could almost think of it in terms of a greek tragedy.
 As many other reviewers have stated, I would definitely not call this a comedy (not even a dark comedy).  This was much more of a dark drama.  However, I will have to disagree with everyone who has said that the acting is poor.  I think that Christian Slater did a fantastic job in his role, and the other big name actors and actresses were surprisingly good with what they had to work with.  I think the plot was interesting, but not fantastic.  All in all, if this movie was marketed as a Drama, it would have gotten 4 stars from me.  I just don't think it lived up to its reputation as a comedy.  The movie itself is good if you let yourself get over the initial shock over the lack of humor, and I will definitely watch it again (and will probably enjoy it more now that I know what I am getting into).  Still a good buy, just be prepared for what it is.
 On the subject of this intensely love-it-or-hate-it movie, I am torn between absolute revulsion at the most disgusting, morbid movie I have ever seen and the fact that I laughed for about ten minutes straight at the end.  When the guy stabs the security officer and they shove him into the bathroom and we have to listen to his screams for mercy as he bleeds to death, we must wonder
 In general I approve of black comedy.   Theatre of Blood  is a favourite of mine, for example.  I thought  Fargo  was great.  VBT, however, does not work for me as entertainment;  I think this is for  one very simple reason
 I saw this movie on life time and agree with other reviewers that it is one of the most decent love stories except for the daughter giving the mother the finger and teaching her how to drink but that's pretty clean for Hollywood these days. It does have a anti-parent feel to it that wants to make you believe you  can do better without them but let me warn you about getting your messages about life from Hollywood you can  only go as high as humans can go in their presentation. Just human love, sucess, and music is not enough to live by especially when facing death you certainly need something higher than yourself in both cases. Besides that the movie does give you a better understanding of what it means to be deaf both the good and bad situations it carries with it
 This movie had enough drama for two different movies.  For that matter, it should have been two different movies and I would have probably liked it better that way.  The first act has to do with the drama between the girl and her mother - the second part - well, I won't be a spoiler, but it changes direction radically in the second act and goes over the top.  It wasn't a waste of time, but I thought it could have been a lot better.  P.S.  I strongly suspect that the positive reviews for this movie were ballot-stuffed by the filmmakers.
 11 out of 12 reviewers (now 12 with mine) are in agreement. 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' is all about the very sexy, kittenish Yvette Vickers in the role of the town tramp Liz Walker. Yvette undoubtedly got the part based on her recent popularity as the July '59 "Playmate of the Month and all the males out there who were in their adolescence back in the late fifties certainly appreciated her inclusion in the film. She certainly made it watchable for me.  Make no mistake, you're watching this movie for one reason and one reason only. Thanks for the memories Miss Vickers!  Note
 Most bad movies are simply bad, but now and then you stumble upon one that has an odd charm--and if you are in the mood for it, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES can be quite a bit of fun.  The story is an amalgamation of every 1950s movie cliche you can imagine. Sultry Liz (Yvette Vickers) is a swamp siren and stepping out on unattractive hubby Dave (Bruno VeSoto), roaming the night and stumbling upon a dead poacher covered with hickeys from hell.  Does this give her pause?  Of course not, and when hubby catches Liz and her latest flame he drives them into the swap with a shotgun to teach them a lesson.  It's only to scare them, and boy is he sure surprised when a couple of guys rise up out of the water wearing black plastic.  When they carry off Liz and her beau, game warden Steve (Ken Clark) gets seriously involved, and pretty soon everybody in the swamp is worried, upset, and even downright concerned.  Vickers was a memorable beauty and the film shows her assets to good advantage; Ken Clark was a hairy-chested stud and the movie shows his skin as well.  The rest of the cast is merely adequate at best, but they are fun, and the script is classically silly.  Everybody drinks coffee.  A lot of coffee.  Everybody gasps in dismay.  A lot of dismay.  The men are butch and the women are femme.  And the leeches... well, when you get a good look at them, they're pretty silly looking, but even so the movie does manage a shock or two, what with victims writhing in the leeches' lair and open-eyed corpses floating in the water.  If you're into "B horror movies from the 1950s, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES is right up there with ATTACK OF THE FIFTY FOOT WOMAN (which also featured Vickers), a popcorn classic of its kind.  Recommended for those who enjoy the genre.  GFT, Amazon Reviewer
 This is one of the zillion Roger Corman horror flicks of the fifties in which normal creatures are turned into monsters thanks to you guessed it, nuclear energy.  This time it's the bloodthirsty leech that gets the monster treatment, replete with actors in rubber leech suits.  At a mercifully short 62 minutes, one doesn't have too much time to really fault this sometimes howlable horror.  Ken Clark (a blond Clint Walker) is hopelessly deadpan and Yvette Vickers camps it up as the swamp slut.  If you're an aficionado of the 50s giant bug movies, you'll have fun with this one.
 I am as unoriginal as the other reviewers of this movie.  Playboy Playmate Yvette Vickers (July 1959) is certainly one reason to watch this movie.  Actually, I watched the movie for the articles.  Oh, wait.  This is a movie, not a magazine.  Forget what I just said.  Yvette was certainly a lovely young lady in this movie (she is older than my mother, meaning she is a grandmother now), but the star attraction is the rubbery-looking leeches that look about as menacing as Barney the Dinosaur.  Well, Barney may be more threatening.  Anyway, the leeches are a lot of fun and this movie has some moments of genuine tension.  Our story takes place in a swamp (where else would you find giant leeches?).  There is a subplot involving a good-looking babe (Vickers) and her boyfriend and her hulkish husband.  Forget all that nonsense and fast forward to the leeches practically leaping out of the water to capture the people who foolishly go into the water.  Okay, maybe the leeches did not exactly LEAP, but they did float in a sinister fashion, slowly, I might add, and then pulled their victims under to be stored in a cave for leisurely blood sucking.  Nearly everyone else in this movie is clueless as to what is happening until almost the final minutes of the movie, when it suddenly becomes evident that GIANT LEECHES HAVE KIDNAPPED A BUNCH OF PEOPLE AND ARE SUCKING THEIR BLOOD OUT IN A CAVE.  Had these people only read the title of the movie they might have had a clue earlier.  This movie could be another Roger Corman film that has so much schlock that it begs to be put out of its misery.  However, with the exception of the lust...er...love story, this movie is played like a straight horror movie and turns out to be reasonably enjoyable.  Yes, the leeches are a bit humorous when you first see them.  Yes, you wonder how anything that moves as slow as these leeches could capture anyone.  Yes, the radiation turning the leeches into giant killer monsters is incredibly clich&eacute;.  Yet, this movie is a better than average mutated creature film.  I enjoyed watching this thing in the 1960's and being at the edge of my seat (I was very young then).  Though my perspective has changed a lot in several decades, I still found this movie occasionally humorous, tense for a few moments, and short enough to be eminently worthy of watching once again.  Yes, you have to like campy horror and science fiction movies from the late 50's and early 60's to like this movie, but if you do you have found a good addition to your collection.  Enjoy!
 This film is just plain bad, but then it's fun, if you have a slow Saturday afternoon.  This DVD is made from a very poor print and looks soft to me.  You'll see some actors that you've seen in other films from this era, but all-in-all just watch it for fun.
 Fans of fifties creature features should enjoy this smarmy swamp saga about vampirish predators that keep captives in caves to suffer lingering, sucked-dry deaths.  The monsters are fearsomely fun, the hero hairy-chested and handsome, the leading lady clingy and lovely, and the leading non-lady cleavaged and vampily luscious.  The scripting is tolerably sensible, and the acting and direction are above average for this sort of cinema.  In its day, this movie's gruesome mutants and waterborne dead bodies would have seemed more grisly than gleeful.  But today,  both adjectives can be applied in abundance!
 Set in the Florida swamps - "near Cape Canaveral, where there's radiation - some pretty scary things are going on, i.e. sweaty drunk hillbillies are disappearing faster than the sheriff can count 'em.  Though it takes him a while to admit the need to kill wildlife, the swamp marshall (probably a federal employee, hence at odds with local poachers and old-boy law enforcement) mounts an investigation.  He finds 'em.  As a kid, I only saw images from this in my Famous Monsters of Filmland mag, and always wanted to see this.  Even though they are men in rubber suits, this is pretty fun, starting with Yvette Vickers, the Playboy pinup who went on to cult status as the attacking 50-foot woman.  Yep, she is the tramp, trapped in the lair of the radioactive leeches and submitting to their attentions while screaming.  OK, I don't think Ill watch again anytime soon, but hey, you gotta fulfill at least some of your childhood dreams, eh?
 Not  much to say about the movie, it's a Saturday afternoon 'B' movie, with Ken Clark looking very hunky and a bit wooden!
 The story takes place in a Florida swamp near Cape Canaveral where those atomic payloads keep falling. A swamp hunter comes back from the swamp with the tale of a strange creature that took four slugs from his mighty gun to dispatch. However he brings back no proof. That night wayward wife Liz (Yvette Vickers) just happens to be wandering around in the swamp when she spots is very same hunter that appears to have been leehcie- aided. Even though the Hunter really never touched a wayward wife the local authorities don't believe in giant leeches so they attributed his death to misadventure. It is not until several other people seem to be disappearing under the same mysterious circumstances that the authorities are finally starting to get curious.  Fat slob Dave (Bruno VeSota) catches his wife Liz on the very edge of the swamp fooling around with his best friend Cal (Michael Emmet). So Dave scares them off into the swamp with a shotgun. And you guessed it. They too become leehcie- aided.  Against the advice of the local game warden (Ken Clark) the local Doc Greyson (Tyler McVey) decides to use dynamite to sort this out. What will he find?  Mean time through the whole movie Liz Walker (Yvette Vickers) keeps hanging around near the leeches and you just know she needs to be eaten or at least sucked.  <a href="http
 I purchased this tape when I started attending a Yang saber class. The instructor had learned the YMAA saber style by watching this same video so I was assured that the form shown on the tape would be exactly the form that I was going to be learning. Note
 This is a classic. It is hilarious. The dvd containes both full-screen and wide-screen formats, which is nice, because it's a good full screen film, so that's how I'll view it until I get a widescreen television. On the other hand, the 1
 It is extremely annoying when a title is re-released in Blu-ray format with no restoration, or for that matter with no improvement on the image quality provided by the original DVD. Most films placed on Blu-ray stand out because of their crystal clear image and excellent sound. This makes it worth buying again, even if one possesses the original DVD copy, simply to have the improved performance on the screen, which may be even further enhanced by good quality equipment. This Blu-ray edition is far inferior to the original DVD edition, which used to have a number of interesting extras and the Blu-ray has absolutely none!  As to the film itself, in my opinion, it still rates as one of the best comedies ever to be produced for the cinema. A very clever story, by John Cheese, with tremendous dialogue and very good acting from all the principals. There are some exaggerations in the plot, but this is true of most comedies.  I noticed that the Blu-ray edition of this film will be released in the UK in August. I hope that after this long delay, this release will have the necessary improvements, especially in image quality, to make it worth a 5 star rating, and possibly induce one to acquire once more.
 This watchable melodrama, having a full share of fairly savage moments, avoids being one of Philippine schlockmeister Ciro Santiago's most flagrantly weak efforts, although it is recognized as a bald remake of the Robert Aldrich directed 1967 thick ear, THE DIRTY DOZEN.  As with all of Santiago's films, this unexpectedly effective affair is shot in the Philippines, being the third of his efforts having a Vietnam setting, and not intended as a crude shocker, as are the prior pair, while nonetheless offering a great deal of screentime for stuntmen and demolition specialists.  The film opens with United States Army Captain Rosello (Anthony Finetti) leading a platoon into an enemy village to destroy a munitions depot.  This is explosively accomplished, although many U. S. casualties are a result.  Since few return from this adventure, other troops refuse any association with Rosello, who is then reassigned to lead a squad made up of generally felonious scapegraces.  Beneath his guidance, the men gradually begin to work as a team, in spite of the cinematically guaranteed mishmash that they are (Hispanic, negro, bigot, doper, religious fanatic), the lattermost performed by Loren Haynes, who writes and sings the film's closing song.  For the miscreant squad's initial mission, they are tasked with capturing a Viet Cong colonel, along with the destruction of a strategically significant bridge.  Success with this assignment will sanction Rosello's aspirations to proficiency in leadership.  However, it soon becomes clear that the squad is not yet functional as a closely-knit unit, and Rosello decides to take his charges into a local brothel in hopes of improving their general attitude.  Unfortunately, while there, they become engaged in a drunken brawl with some Marines, resulting in their winding up in jail, from where they are released specifically in order to tackle their most dangerous duty assignment, involving recapture of the since-freed Viet Cong colonel, while at the same time rescuing several Army nurse hostages captured by the V.C. during as assault upon a U.S. military hospital.  Naturally, none of this has any apparent basis in fact.  A good deal of battle action is found here, characteristic of any Santiago film, and many players of his stock company are at hand, as virtually all of the cast have appeared in other Santiago movies.  Additionally, stereotypes prevail among the characters.  Perhaps Santiago's greatest strength as a director, well-constructed build-up sequences, merely lead here to his primary weakness, a failure to develop impact from these episodes.  This film is, in sum, unpersuasive hokum from the bottom barrel of imagination.  If a viewer will not be interested in seeing a superfluity of gunfights replete with many bullet squibs, and explosions, it would be better to spend one's time elsewhere.  However, it should be noted that Santiago has refined his endeavours to the point that this work will garner one's attention throughout its 90 minute length.  It can still be found upon a Media Home Entertainment VHS tape having good audio and visual quality, but is not available as a DVD and it is unlikely that it will be released in that format.
 Locked Down is yet another low budget MMA flick that uses UFC stars as it's main hook. It's not bad but it's not great either. Forrest Griffin, Cheick Kongo, Rashad Evans, and the biggest disappointment in UFC/MMA history, Kimbo Slice show up and are actually quite entertaining for this type of film. Forrest and Rashad might headline legit action films one day. If Channing Tatum can do it, so can these guys. Tony Schiena stars as a MMA enhanced cop set up by crooked witnesses/jurors after a drug bust goes sour. Of course, he's locked down with criminals he helped put away and his biggest nemesis, Vinnie Jones now has the warden, guards, and most convicts in his pocket. Jones runs a cage fighting racket, prostitutes, and every thing else you can think of from inside the prison's walls. It doesn't take long before Schiena is pushed to face a few goons in the cage and eventually, Vinnie's top fighter (Lance Cartwright) in a death match. A cutie from IA (Sarah Ann Schultz) takes an interest in Schiena's case and it's up to her to get our hero out of prison before he gets killed in there. Locked Down is a decent rental and nothing more. How many MMA prison flicks do we need anyway? Van Damme and Seagal did it before the Undisputed series and it's totally played out at this point. We don't mind direct to dvd quality MMA fare but these hack filmmakers need to start coming up with some new ideas. Rent it and watch with a lunchtime sandwich & soup combo.
 I carry virtually all of the Tapout/MMA films as their group has a following locally, but customers have also gotten picky about which films to watch as these movies are blurring together in plots and generic fights. Overall, this one carries a rent-worthy recommendation for a few reasons I will list, but the acting was so bad throughout that you find yourself fast-forwarding to the next slo-mo/music video fight sequence to finish it. Essentially this is the same cast/crew from the movie mentioned below with Kimbo, but just a little more polished.  The story follows a cop getting framed then imprisoned where most of the guys he locked up also are residing. Vinnie Jones plays the fight club operator in this prison, who sadly enough we do not ever get to see him fight in this. The MMA cast gets intermittent screen time throughout and I figure only fans of these guys will be checking in on this so I will list them out
 ***1/2  In the allegorical "James' Journey to Jerusalem, a deeply religious young man, filled with idealism and hope, leaves his village in Africa to embark on a pilgrimage to the Holy City.  There he hopes to glean some spiritual inspiration before returning home to start life as a pastor.  However, things do not quite work out for James the way he envisions them.  Immediately upon his arrival in Israel and before he can even make it to the famed city, he is unjustly thrown into jail, then "sold into a kind of paid slavery to the business man who ponies up his bail.  James is forced to live in a kind of community barracks with other young men in his situation and is sent around town to do cleaning, gardening and an assortment of other odd jobs.  As James toils at his labors and interacts with both his "superiors and peers, he learns a great deal about life in a land where the weak are taken advantage of by the strong and where friendly words and acts of seeming kindness are doled out with an air of class-conscious racism and condescension.  This is a fascinating film in many ways, for it introduces us to a milieu filled with unfamiliar situations and faces.  James is, obviously, a sincere and devout individual whose innocence and naivete endear us to him, even when it is those very qualities that make it difficult for him to exist and function in a world far more crassly commercial and uncaringly cynical than the one he expects to find.  Yet, at the same time, James has a strength of spirit and a resourcefulness that allow him to triumph, even if only temporarily, over the adversities that befall him.  However, even the saintly James, who keeps a firm grasp on his principles early on, eventually learns that one sometimes has to violate a moral code or two to get ahead in life.  In many ways, this is like a modern "Pilgrim's Progress or "Young Goodman Brown, with the noble protagonist leaving the safety and familiarity of his home to venture forth into a world filled with evils and temptations - but always with the hope of reaching that famed "City on a Hill at the end.  However, there is one rather disturbing aspect to the film, and that is that, almost without exception, all the Israelis whom James encounters are greedy, grasping  exploiters who see James and all of his compatriots as little more than chattel to do their work for them,  talking down to and taking advantage of them every chance they get.  Even his boss` elderly father, with whom James establishes a certain precarious "friendship, is really just a bitter, angry racist, hardly deserving of James' loyalty and trust.  But to be fair, it isn't just the Jewish Israelis - even the black minister of the church that James attends ends up exploiting him.  Since the film originates from Israel, it would be a bit difficult to accuse it of being anti-Semitic, and perhaps this film is that country's attempt to come to terms with a decidedly negative aspect of the nation's people and character - equivalent to the many Hollywood films made about racism, discrimination and exploitation in the United States of America.  Whatever the motivation, "James' Journey to Jerusalem is a moving film about xenophobia, the class struggle and the fragility of hopes and dreams.  The ironic final image brings that last theme home in a heartbreaking way.  For James does finally reach his destination, but not quite in the way he intended.
 Good story of innocence, corruption, and capitalist economies. Satirical black comedy w/an unexpected frayer in the end.
 The Israelis portrayed in the film are all crass, greedy, selfish, dishonest, exploitative, overweight slobs. What could have been an honest critique of materialistic capitalism and contemporary Israel degenerates into an apology for the Intifada, tinged with the stench of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion. I guess the hate group that bankrolled this film got what they wanted.
 Claimed to be in both full and wide screen. But, not so. Either side is full screen!
 Of these two films in one package, Black Widow is the better drama.  It's a mystery in the classic style.  The guilt of the killer (played to the hilt by a sultry Theresa Russell) is not in question.  The issue is how the investigator (Debra Winger) will catch her, after tracking her across the country.  The plot is clever, the narrative moves along nicely, and the direction by veteran Bob Rafelson features some beautiful visuals, particularly after the action moves from the Pacific Northwest to Hawaii.  By comparison, the Vanishing is a remake of a European film, with some differences in the plot.  The events are, however, curiously implausible.  Distraught after the disappearance and apparent death of his girlfriend (a then-unknown Sandra Bullock), Kiefer Sutherland makes sustained efforts to find the killer, only to fall under his spell when he finally meets the murderer in person.  In sum, Black Widow works well; The Vanishing falls short.
 Stone was either being over cautious (having developed PTSD associated with pressure and marginalization following "JFK") or he's lost his ability to make good movies.  Although I thought the cast and Stone's direction of their acting were O.K. to very good, the story line was disjointed -- not helped by continuous flash backs and flash forwards to disconnected time points. When trying to extract the basic story, I concluded it's about an inept son endlessly trying to get his father's approval -- and never succeeds no matter what he improbably accomplishes. If the main characters had not been Bush and his henchmen then it would have been a poor rendering of some father-son cliche.  The language in the dialogue was too tame to be the real thing -- not enough, barely any, expletives. Condi Rice et al were carboard cutouts. But the worst was that none -- make that NONE -- of the characters underwent any character/personality changes. There was no development of any kind. Finally, the Bush character was portrayed as a classically tragic hero (rather than the country that he had so utterly abused). So then from begininng to end Stone's movie lacked honesty.  Taken all together
 Going into this movie I figured it would be a Bush bashing film. I was wrong. It was actually very balanced and an interesting look into the former president's life. His hard drinking days up until when he quit drinking (age 40), was an eye opener and almost disturbing at times. Another head shaker was his father (George Sr.) bailing "Junior out of one mess after another and the film depicting George W. as a perpetual party animal, time waster and unable to stay gainfully employed until he stopped his boozing. It is a worthwhile watch. BnB Beatles Depot
 Ignore whatever facts may or may not exist (consider them Iraqi WMD's, if you will).  Ignore Stone's political agenda (which, let's face it, most of his viewers usually do).  Judge "W. as a movie, as a work of art.  Yes, anything about George W. Bush is bound to be controversial, to bring out liberals who praise it and conservatives who damn it.  Forget politics; look at the film as a MOVIE, which, all politics aside, it is.  That being said, "W. doesn't quite stand up.  Oliver Stone has occasionally--though rarely--miss-fired, and "W. is unfortunately such a case.  What's worse, the film's failures are due to Stone's personal political agenda; he rushed the film out before the November 2008 elections (what for, we can't help but wonder; Bush was out no matter what), and in doing so sacrificed some artistic integrity.  The movie's first half is little more than a collection of scenes; good scenes, yes, but they don't really congeal into one whole piece.  The last half is certainly the better, as Bush begins to face his inner and outer demons, and America goes into a war nobody's really sure if they want or not  The acting is certainly the film's strength.  Elizabeth Banks brings charisma to the role of Laura Bush; Richard Dreyfuss, as Chaney, is superb; Jeffrey Wright, as Colin Powell, is a scene-stealer; James Cromwell, as Bush Sr., is charismatic and graceful as always.  But, of course, the true star here is Josh Brolin, who tackles the title role.  It is a role that few actors could pull off; however, Brolin's dedication to character is remarkable.  He looks the part and sounds the part, but it is more than that; he finds the strengths and weaknesses of George W. Bush, the privileges and the drawbacks to being the President of the United States.  In other words, as always, Brolin is simply remarkable.  So, whatever politics you have (or don't have), you should judge "W. as a film, not a political piece.  Unfortunately, it suffers from the director's ambition to send a political message; perhaps the worst thing is, the film fails in that regard, even--it's not so much too little too late as it is simply needless.  Fortunately, the movie is rooted by strong performances all around, but especially from Josh Brolin, who is shaping up to be one of Hollywood's next great actors.
 Josh Brolin plays a fascinating George W. Bush and Richard Dreyfus is Dick Cheney.  The movie shows Bush''s life from Yale cheerleader to the 43rd President of the United States.  He leads an amazing life with huge events that he has to face and deal with, sibling and paternal rivalry, his struggle with alcohol, finding faith and his wife, as well as the days leading up to the Iraq War.  It is always difficult to distill anyone's entire life into a two and a half hour film, especially a controversial President.  The movie starts in 1966 showing George W. Bush at a Yale initiation pledge.  The story of his early life continues showing his drinking problem and wild ways.  In 1977 he announces at a poker party he is running for Congress in Texas, but loses the election.  When he turns 40 Bush becomes a born again Christian, gives up alcohol and becomes closer with his father who asks him to help with his presidential campaign.  He says he will do it but feels slighted that Jeb is running for Governor of Florida.  He felt his father only asked him because he was available to help out.  Eventually Bush runs and wins his campaign for Governor of Texas.  After some thought, he feels God wants him to run for President and wins.  The director, Oliver Stone, in large part created a fascinating character study and the supporting actors do their jobs well.  W is hard to forget, a "good ole boy who had a lot handed to him, but also heavy burdens and hard decisions he felt God wanted him alone to have.  Overall a fascinating story.
 Could have chosen someone who favored W. Bush a lot better. Should have stuck to more historic facts. Almost tried to be a comedy, when I expected a true to life fact filled movie.
 Regardless of what your opinion is of George W. Bush, this is a fine film. The story of W. is well told, and moves at an agreeable pace for a two hour biopic. The film is clear and engaging. I have high praise for Oliver Stone's direction. He clearly values story over statement. That could have gone the other way with a petty ego at the helm. Stone shows professionalism at every turn during W.  Josh Brolin is simply outstanding as W. He has the voice and mannerisms nailed. Brolin dances skillfully between cowboy, carouser and candidate. Stone also went with a side of Bush I've never seen, albeit my exposure has been minimal. This Bush is in-charge all the way and Brolin hammers it home with gusto. We do see a bit of the suspected manipulation from Carl Rove (Toby Jones) and Dick Cheney ("Vice"). Jeffrey Wright is on top of his game as he brings both strength and intellect to Colin Powell. But when all is said and done, Stone wants us to know Bush is the man. For a fabled "liberal", Stone is without question fair in the light he casts W. in.  Thandie Newton is spot on as "Condee". Rice is a tough read, especially her voice. Newton gets most of it down well. The one drawback to the Rice character, is the feeble nature and "yes man posturing we are expected to believe. Richard Dreyfuss is fine as Dick Cheney, especially when making a point. Dreyfuss' Cheney captures the shrewd West Wing vet. He emphasizes the notion that he has served two Bushes and both are better off for it. I also enjoyed Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush. Again, a stronger and more influential partner than I suspected. Not at all the stay at home `50s type housewife we've been fed over the years.  Throughout the film, I wondered if the `fly on the wall' perspective was accurate. Several scenes left me considering 'inside information' might have made it's way into the script. Perhaps. Whether or not creative license was at play, the story was strong. And no matter what the subject matter may be, storytelling is the most important part of any movie. Mr. Stone does so quite well.
 _W._ (2008) starring Josh Brolin is yet another of Oliver Stone's films detailing the lives and presidencies of the American presidents.  W. of course is a examination of the presidency of George W. Bush.  It details his life and early career, beginning with his induction into the ultra-secret Skull and Bones society at Yale, his involvement in various jobs and his attempts to run a major league baseball team.  The film shows Dubya as largely constantly under the influence of his father who he constantly tried to escape.  The film also shows Dubya's struggles with alcoholism, drugs, and women and his eventual conversion and rise to power.  The film then shows Dubya's decision to enter Iraq as president under the belief that WMDs were to be found there and the influence in particular of such advisors as Dick Cheney (the Vice President), Karl Rove, and Condeleeza Rice.  The film does show for example that Colin Powell opposed the war initially but went along with it because of pressure from the other advisors.  The film does not show that Bush I opposed the war as well privately.  However, it does show the problematic relationship between Dubya and his father.  The film attempts to show widescale incompetence in the Bush White House and ends by showing a clueless Bush unaware about the lack of WMDs in Iraq.  It seems that there are two theories of the Bush presidency.  Some see Dubya as stupid and incompetent while others see him as evil.  This film seems to be a farce showing an incompetent president unable to deal with the situation in Iraq.  The film shows how the events of September 11 were used to propel the U.S. into war with Iraq, which had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks of 9/11.  I'm not sure this theory is accurate or that the film is accurate in this respect.
 That was George W. Bush. He was the dim, alcoholic brother of the Bush clan's rising star, Jeb. W's a constant disappointment to his father, never measuring up to daddy's high standards. Maybe it is Oliver Stone's telling but when he presented Cheney, Rumsfeild & Rove I got a slight whiff of Goering, Himmler & Goebbels. Albeit on a much smaller scale, Germany & The United States both launched a war based on lies & a false pretext. They both participated in illegal & massive surveilance of their own citizens. They incarcerated & held innocent people without due process. These people couldn't even rise to the level of POW's. Let's not forget interogations & torture. Very Gestapo-like. When you think of the German Army, you think of Blitzgrieg. Our signature move was "shock & awe". Not exactly the same, but you get the idea. The movie shows that W is not really stupid. He made it thru Yale & Harvard although Poppy helped. He had no intellectual curiosity & never had an original thought. He had Dick Cheney & Karl Rove for that, suggesting evermore egregious actions. He was a fast learner. He learned dirty politics in his first & only losing campaign, for congressman. According to Mr. Stone, he was reponsible for the Willie Horton ads (with Rove's help). His father won. These type of tactics helped him to the Govenorship of Texas & later to the presidency. These are mostly events we lived through. History will have to decide if he deserves his place in the rank of presidents,ahead of Buchanan & Harding.
 The movie goes out of its way to try to depict what made George W Bush president and what made President George W Bush a failure, but it has little substance beyond reenacting quotes (usually in the wrong setting) in a loose, disjointed narrative. This isn't a documentary; it isn't a drama; and it isn't really a comedy, tho it desperately wants you to chuckle at times.  The dialog is weak, with characters often telling each other information they both know as a clumsy means of revealing it to the audience (or worse
 I made it a point to shield my eyes and ears from promos and previews for this film, prior to viewing it.  Not that I was expecting to be surprised or enlightened by any new revelation uncovered about Gee-Dub, the man.  I did this because I knew that a film about the 43rd President of The United States could take on one of two approaches.  It would either be a Hollywood sanctioned, two-hour Bush-bashing festival, or it would be an attempt by Oliver Stone and crew to give us a behind-the-scenes look at the forces that shaped the man.  I didn't want to be mentally prepared for either.  That being said, it also served me some good to temporarily disarm myself of any political bias before sitting down to watch this movie.  I would advise you do the same.    I'll begin my review by saying I was relieved to see that this was NOT just two hours of pot shots.  I've enjoyed eight years of poking fun at Mr. Bush for his obvious lack of wit, but that's not what I sat down to see this time around.  Instead, the makers of "W attempted to provide us with a look inside the life of G.W. Bush.  One of the ways this was done was through the clever use of a few flash-backs (which is to be expected).  Nothing about what we don't already know was revealed in these flash-backs, and that doesn't disappoint me.  I wasn't expecting to learn anything new about Bush from this film.  That's not Oliver Stones' job, and "W is not a documentary.  It's a dramatization based on things most of us already know about Bush.  The film serves up a wealth of scenes laden with speculative dialogue that hint at a few things such as Junior's struggle to please his "Poppy", Bush Sr., who wasn't afraid to vocalize his disgust with his son.  There are even a couple of scenes depicting what one could only imagine went on during the "Skull & Bones years at Yale, mixed in with perceived inside looks at W's tried and failed attempts to discover his "calling in life.    Now, for the diehard Bush-mockers; myself included, this movie doesn't at all disappoint.  Despite its lack of overt jabs, this movie isn't without a justifiable amount of covert comedy added at the expense of our illustrious ex-leader and his cronies.  My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.  This was topped off with a hunch-backed, 45-degree head nod, while she stared at some spot on the ground.  I loved it!  The writers even found a clever way to include a few of Bush's best-known botched attempts at speech into the script.  But, that's not all that makes the movie watchable.    Hmmm..., what about the acting?  Aside from Newton's quasi-comedic portrayal as the president's compliant "mini-me", I think the acting wasn't all that bad and all major roles were suitably casted.  As with many others, I was surprised to see Brolin playing our leading man, but as the story progressed, his performance grew ever convincing.  I think he pulled it off beautifully.    To cap it, not everyone will enjoy this movie.  That goes without saying.  What should be said, however, is if you start into this movie armed with a defensive posture, wearing your political beliefs on your shoulder, you won't make it through the first half-hour.  I've been called everything from a bleeding heart liberal to a tree-hugging hippie.  I've sustained my share of verbal chest pokes, while being drenched in regurgitated Rush Limbaugh talking points projectile vomited from the drippy-fanged mouths of Sean Hannity clones, but I was able to put all of that aside and I enjoyed "W".  Hell, if I could give O. Stone an "E for effort, I would.  But, for now 3 stars is gonna hafta doo.
 W. is a film that does not hold back its political opinions, nor does it take pleasure in reaming the former president. It attempts to portray a side of the president that allows the viewer to culminate opinions into something that can help explain why an event played out. But the introduction to its characters are filmed more like a comedy, that is light hearted and silly.  I will try not to be too free with my opinions here, but you should not always believe what you read in books, and for movies, you shouldn't believe anything at all. It is another reason why this film was confusing for me. It is at times presented in a very serious, documentary feel, but then it sways into rounds of comedy.  This movie does not tell us anything, and in fact led to more confusion than anything. Bush is being judged, and for many has been judged. This is not a great movie. It is a necessity for directors to capture their audiences, but I believe the acting in this movie to never commit to a certain degree of seriousness that W. needed. It is obscured with nonsense, and pays more attention to young, immature avenues. I do not think that this movie to be well made. It should have been more serious, and more demanding of the facts. Presenting a more complete picture of a man that is not fiction, but of history.
 It was with a lot of review 'pollution' already in the bag I stepped in to see this awaited depiction of one of the least respected public figures of all time. The reviews were very mixed from those stating it was a highly realistic picture that was painted to those who claim it was (too) full of assumptions and outright historically incorrect passages.  I personally (as usual) tend to believe it to be somewhere in between... and frankly do not see it as essential if it word by word would mirror reality.. if so no documentaries or biographies would ever be written or made into movies.  The actors did a very good job putting their characters on the silver screen and particularly Dreyfuss did an amazing job with Cheeney..  I agree with others that even the most staunch Bush critic would tend to feel a bit sorry for the mans insecurities and the manipulation taking place among his hand picked advisers but it still lends more concerning questions.  Are staunch religious beliefs (of any kind) combinable with good governance? Can we in otherwise secular societies allow our elected leaders to claim they were chosen by their god to rule our nations ? and conversely can we avoid it? These are very interesting and disturbing questions that the depiction of prayer before meetings etc. leaves us with. What if there had been multiple religions represented in the room? or agnostics/atheists? Should future advisers be picked based on their religious beliefs rather than their abilities?  Bush is not the first troubled president of the USA or any other nation  but how troubled can a candidate be, how can the public assure that these traumas are not impacting important decision making going forward?  The movie was in my mind good but not great... good acting performances and a very relevant topic and whether or not it was entirely authentic does hardly matter.
 I am giving this film 3 stars for two actors, Josh Brolin and Richard Dreyfuss. As George W Bush and Dick "Vice Cheney, they convincingly portray their still contemporary counterparts without seeming utterly unlike their subjects and without falling into parody. Unfortunately for the rest of the movie, that can't be said for the bulk of the characters.  Frankly, Thandi Newton's Condoleezza Rice is one of the most annoying things to land on a contemporary film since JarJar Binks. Speaking in a pinched nasally whine, she completely misses Rice's intelligence, even as she captures the Secretary of State's well known sycophanphropy. And as everyone knows, Karl Rove is a big obese blob of a man, but Toby Jones looks like a wimpy elf. As George Herbert Walker "Poppy Bush, Oliver Cromwell bring an air of Aristocracy to the Elder Bush, but little of his mannerisms.  The movie itself lacks drive. "W is little more than a standard biopic about a boring spoiled kid with sibling rivalry problems and Daddy issues. While it grazes the deep cynicism that permeates our political system (W ran for office so he could show up Jeb?!?), it fails to generate any heat. Given the volatility of the topic - and I am 100% comfortable in predicting that history will record 43 as The Worst President Ever - Director Oliver Stone decided not to exploit many of the easy targets and tries for subtlety.  Which makes "W a big bore. The far-left will cry that it doesn't go far enough; the Bushie-Loyals will scream that their heroes aren't bold or celebrated enough. The one scene that shows any real conflict (Colin Powell snapping about a "Five time deferral VP making War policy and a confrontation that ends with Cheney on the receiving end of an f-u bomb. Yet even that is left hanging, as Bush seems to be more engaged than is often reported. The film makes George W Bush human. Most humans are dull people. That may be W.'s biggest sin of omission. It's a boring movie about a dullard of a man that has all the impact of a Biography Channel documentary. Given Oliver Stone's usually flamethrower tactics, that's a letdown.
 Some say this film is sympathetic towards my Hero, but I don't think it is. What i'm really mad at is that Stone FAILED to include the capture of Saddam Hussein!! Come on!! Remember when Saddam was capture and the Stock Markets Bolted to the HIGHEST they've ever been. the Economy was so healthy when Saddam was captured.  Oh yeah, Stone also failed to mention Bushes support of Israel. Another benefit of Liberating Iraq...the safety of Israel.
 If you are looking for factual details behind historical events...or even an educated guess on what goes on behind the political curtains...you will be greatly disappointed in this film; however, if you are looking to be entertained by a toned-down version of the media's portrait of this President's personality (yes, it's superficial)...you may find it amusing.  Bottom line...buy this for the mild entertainment factor, don't expect a history lesson.
 [Note
 I was expecting either a total blasting of the former President who only won one election, but what we ended up getting was a messed up conglomeration of a love-hate relationship.  Oliver Stone seemed to want to go all out with Dubya, but it seems something was holding him back.  I haven't many other Oliver Stone films, so I don't have much of a reference from my point of view, but you have to start somewhere.  Anyways, getting to the point, Oliver Stone seemed to want to show that Dubya was in waaaayyyy over his head and he didn't know it until it was way too far.  He did a good job of showing that, but the lead in and pretty much the entire movie seemed to not want to lead to such a point.  An example of this is the score, which I didn't like.  The songs didn't fit in with the movie very much.  There was too much trying to be funny and entertaining and not enough of trying to be dramatic.  The actors, camera, etc. would try to get to a depressing, dramatic moment, and then the audio would switch to a poppy, bubbly song during that, and it completely killed the mood.  Now, I hate Bush as much as the next guy, but I still would like to see a movie that would know where it wants to go.  This movie seemed to want to be either hard or soft on him, and it never found a good middle ground.  This would have been much better off if it had been just a depressing story of his life or a beat-the-crap-out-of-him type of film, but, especially at the end, it never gets it right.  The movie also forced too many of the "Bushisms we know and love, which at first was like "Hehe, he said that, and quickly became "I know, now get on with the movie.  There were times when this movie tried to be dramatic and they threw in a Bushism and it didn't mix so well, but there were other times when it made the movie.  Overall, I give this movie a 6/10.  It wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't good.  My main beef with this movie is the score, which I feel destroyed much of the movie.  I can see where they were going, but it just didn't work out.
 George W Bush is such a divisive figure I think it is easiest for me to put my cards on the table as a reviewer.  I did not like W. Bush as our 43rd president.  I think he may be judged by historians as one of the worst we have ever had.  With that backdrop, even though I am sympathetic to the many criticisms W. Bush has earned, this movie by Oliver Stone is mediocre at best.  I think the fact so many critics love it just shows their lack of objectivity on the subject.  In this movie, Bush is portrayed as a totally non-reflective, stubborn and extremely hypocritical person of little capability - best at beer drinking and carousing with women or other potential voters.  That may be an accurate portrayal, I do not know.  But what is certain is Oliver Stone never misses an opportunity to transition scenes in order to highlight hypocrisy or provide cheesy background music to ridicule Bush's simplistic foreign affairs perspective (such as the old "Robin Hood theme).  Showing Bush praying after bizarrely arrogant plans to attack Iraq, or showing depictions of Christ just after beer drinking and carousing flashbacks  - these are the exclusive domain of the film maker - Stone in this case. These are so obviously biased and agenda driven, it undermines what could have been a more fascinating investigation.  I do not think Bush is terribly complex, but he is portrayed as a one dimensional idiot and I find that hard to believe about almost anyone. Stone took a definite position in JFK, whether right or wrong, and sold it to the audience, or at least made it fascinating to learn.  Here, he just bashes away on a president he clearly despises.  Why do I bother to defend Bush at all since I think he was a miserable president? Because I think when you are going to treat someone's entire adult life and trajectory of purpose with such disdain, you at least owe it to them to mention any minor qualities you can possibly locate. With Bush, this is easy.  His change of policy and funding to assist Africa with its AIDs and other crises sets a new standard and it will probably be his most lasting good achievement. This is totally absent from the film.  If Stone disagrees with that widely accepted assessment of Bush on Africa, he could have repurposed one of the many ridiculing scenes to explain why. Instead of showing the corruption in the U.N. as part of Bush's reason for not waiting on them in Iraq, or that Iraq had clearly used chemical weapons in the recent past, Stone only portrays Bush's personal bias and agenda over and over.  I believe these topics are more complex than Stone bothers to examine, yet his movie is more than two hours long, plenty of time.  I started out watching the movie with three other people. None of us like Bush very much. Before it was half over two had left because it was boring. The most excellent aspect of the film is the character portrayals themselves.  Each character in the Bush family or administration is very convincing in body language, tone of voice, mannerisms, etc. and that is saying something since they are all so recent in memory.  As for Stone, I think this film will end up being thought of not much better than the president it obviously means to trash without attempting balanced consideration.  Given some more time, someone can make a movie that is not so loaded with emotion.  Mr. Stone should direct his amazing talents more carefully - George W. Bush is not the only one guilty of having a shallow, incomplete axe to grind.
 I like Oliver Stone, hes made some good movies. This is pretty good movie and I'm not a Bush hater and hes not the best president, hes not our worst president, but hes made mistakes. People are stupid and conforming and are jumping on the band wagon to join the Bush hating fan club. People love George Washington nowadays when he as president they wanted to impeach him, 5 years from now people will be complaining again about the president that was elected by you.  The United States has the largest population of complainers and the world knows it, sometimes we make ourselves look terrible like gossiping middle school snobs.  Don't say he caused the recession or the deaths during the war on terror either.  Hes not the only one thats making all the decisions, hes just the only one the average complaining american knows about.  Research and form your opinions.
 When those little arm band looking black "W The President stickers were ubiquitous on SUVs and over-sized pickup trucks and luxury cars in my mind "w just stood for wrong. But don't get me wrong, Dubya wasn't all bad. He made many better understand and appreciate America it seems to me. But I'll not get into why I say that. Just think about it.  Not one of the director's best. (I've extended this review to add a couple things originally left out.) Maybe about as good as ALEXANDER. Geez it always goes back to mommy and daddy with these guys whether it be Alexander the Great or Dubya. Well I like a little bit more exploration of forces other than Poppa (and mother, but oddly enough Barbra gets off very light here! Weird) that create our political figures... I want more than these Oliver Stone flicks give. How media, pr firms, the political parties and operatives and creatures like Karl Rove and most importantly the American people create Dubya is what interests me most. I for one didn't care that much for Brolin as Bush. He's a talented actor but just doesn't look like Bush. Actually I'm not sure why I rented this movie because Bush is out of the White House finally and I'm not interested in him. Colin Powell is presented as the voice of reason, the "moderate or whatever. As for as I'm concerned he's the worst out of them all for not resigning in protest IF the portrait presented by Stone is accurate. Also, what up with the accent Jeffrey Wright gives Colin Powell? Lol. Look, the movie is somewhat entertaining. A highlight was the portrayal of Condoleezza Rice. A nice little loyal lapdog. Shame on them all.
 Not too bad a bad movie (and not too inaccurate, I suspect) but at the end, a wasted opportunity. Brolin's performance is OK and he does most of Bush's mannerisms fairly well but I failed the understand the need for the cartoonish close-ups Stone gives him throughout the movie or for some scenes like the one showing him having a lenghty conversation with Laura when he's in the toilet (what was the point there ?). Personally I would have been a lot more interested to see what happened in W's own election night rather than in the one his father lost to Clinton but the way Stone handles the meetings between W and his staff in which crucial decisions were discussed in almost trivial and casual ways and which later brougth such dire consequences throughout the world, are more than enough reason to recommend this movie. Most people in the audience will come away from W with the certainty that Jeb would have been a much better president but with the repercusions to the Bush name after these 8 years, it is fair to say it is highly improbable we'll ever get to find out. The biggest WMD shown inthis movie ?
 It's not that I don't believe that every single one of the incidents in W. didn't take place, it's just that Oliver Stone discredits himself by making Bush 43 look SO unrelievedly puerile and SO utterly incompetent that Bush almost gains the viewer's sympathy---a difficult feat, considering that Dubya had to be most inept and unfit man ever to sit in the Oval Office, at least since James Buchanan.  Stone's "Junior starts out life as a drunken frat boy who is constantly bailed out of trouble by his supercompetent Daddy, and Junior largely remains that kid all his life, except for the fact that he quits drinking somewhere along the way. Regardless of going dry, W.'s mind never sharpens. He never truly matures and he never adopts a measure of success other than that of his own advancement. By his own lights, Stone's George W. Bush is the most phenomenally successful man in the world. And I'm sure that's true in real life, anyway.  Unfortunately for America, Bush's dream job was to be the Commissioner of Baseball, not the Commander-in-Chief. He runs his White House and manages his foreign policy with all the subtlety of Leo Durocher and Billy Martin's three-headed love child.  Bush's Administration is the hideout of cultured barbarians and frat Nazis whose main focus in life seems to be keeping themselves the main focus of everything. Surrounding himself with smarter sycophants like Karl Rove and Dick Cheney (whom he calls "Vice rather than "Dick, as if it matters), Bush sets his compass by that most egotistical of lodestones---What God wants. It's incredible how well W. knows just what God wants, considering he's never even seen the Guy.  With no intellectual curiosity and little real intellect, Stone's W. is a frightening nitwit who has his hand on The Button. Whether the real one is less of a nincompoop, Oliver Stone has set the biofilm benchmark on this President so low that the film adaptation of Bush's seemingly-eventual War Crimes Trial will show him in a better light.  That's tough to do.
 While I am not (to put it mildly) a fan of George W. Bush, "W sparked unexpected sympathy in me. I found myself thinking, "He's not a terrible guy...if only he had stayed with just owning the Texas Rangers! This alone is a considerable feat, and I applaud the movie's ability to portray such a polarizing figure in a sincere, human light. However, in many ways, "W was disappointing. I hoped to see a biographical film offering insight into the man and his life story, but what I got was a movie focused mainly on the Iraq War, with the message that the war was Bush's way of proving himself to (or one-upping) the father he could never seem to please. It is an interesting and believable angle, but the film's narrow focus leaves parts of Bush's story glaringly absent.  The plot bounces between the Iraq War and earlier parts of Bush's life, starting with his wild college days. We don't glean anything about the significant events of his childhood, such as the death of his little sister Robin, which is sure to have impacted him greatly. Even the most pivotal moment in Bush's presidency--9/11--is missing. I found it strange that there is a scene depicting the famous "pretzel incident, but only a few brief references to 9/11 during meetings on Iraq.  The movie's strongest point is Josh Brolin's performance, which successfully captures Bush's mix of swagger, recklessness, charm, and simple-mindedness. While the film drives home the point that Bush isn't the brightest crayon in the box, Brolin portrays a man with whom we can sympathize, as he struggles to fill the very big shoes bequeathed to him by his dad. Bush is painted as a person with good intentions surrounded by people who are eager to manipulate him. Jeffrey Wright and Richard Dreyfuss do well as Colin Powell and Dick Cheney, who are shown butting heads over the war. Cheney is clearly the villain, talking openly about the need to seize Iraq's oil--and to stay there, with no exit strategy. These may very well have been Cheney's intentions, but it is still conjecture that he actually said this, and it detracts from the movie. Thandie Newton's performance as Condoleezza Rice was unconvincing, conveying none of Rice's strong personality. Maybe I'm a little biased, though; I was hoping they'd pick Simbi Khali (Nina from "3rd Rock from the Sun"), who is such a dead ringer for Condi.  The film is not what it could have been, lacking the level of substance the subject deserves. While "W. is worth seeing, I would wait until it comes out on DVD or hits the discount theaters.
 W a new film by noted left-leaning director Oliver Stone, ( <a href="http
 Version
 Some of this movie is interesting but it is definately not something that will keep you awake.  If you're tired I would suggest not watching this movie.  The way George Bush made his way to the presidency was interesting but the remaining parts of the movie could have been left out.  I should have read a review before purchasing the movie.
 Were you present when Jim Morrison died?  Neither was I, nor Oliver Stone so we are left to speculate.  You can research all you want about W, but in the end, who can say for sure.  Perhaps not even the Uniter himself.  With no disrespect, I think he is best forgotten--not the subject of a major movie.
 To start let me say that I was hoping to like this alot more than I actually did. Not that it was a complete bust, but with the talent of Oliver Stone and the richness of material on it's main character, it just seems like it should have been more than what it was. Josh Brolin does a decent George "W", but at times reminds one of Timothy Bottoms' or even Will Ferrell's just as good versions played years ago. W. also flashes back and forth from the first signs of the Iraq War showing it's cracks, to W's upbringing from a young college 20 something, then back again, then to being the owner of the Texas Rangers, back to the War, then to his running for Governor, and back again...well, you get the impression that you better take a look at the color of Brolin's hair to figure out just what year it's currently in. Secondary cast members range in acting and appearance from decent to spot-on but not one of them seems too fleshed out within the film's 2 hour and ten minute run time. Strangely, the one secondary character that gets alot of screentime is James Cromwell as Bush Senior, played off as a mean, disapproving father who never really favored W. best. Overall, if your looking for a "best Of Bush storyline, there's a couple of scenes here to please, but alot of it you already knew from the countless news stories of the past eight years to be engaged by it so soon again. And even though when the film was made, even Bush's own presidental ending hadn't been written yet, it could have been better perceived than what ended up here. But even if Stone had a larger budget or more time (or a later one) to work on it, I doubt it could have been any better. It's a decent rental, but highly doubtful for re-election in your player again. Has a commentary and 17 minute "expert look back at the Bush Legacy (which is bias and boring), but not nearly enough to recommend blind-buying, even if you did vote for him again in 2004 (thanks alot...). (RedSabbath Rating
 Here's a movie from Oliver Stone that turns out to be very restrained, somewhat drawn out, and ultimately not that compelling.  There was so much more that could have been done here, but too much time was spent on W's daddy issues and his ballpark fantasies.  Also, there should have been some mention of W's bungling of the Katrina hurricane disaster. That said, Josh Brolin got the inflections down just right, while Richard Dreyfuss virtually stole the show as Dick Cheney.  The flashbacks were not confusing, and the choices of songs were perfect. A mixed bag.
 Josh Brolin stars as our 43rd President in "W. (pronounced "dubya"), and he does a damned fine job.  Unfortunately, the rest of the movie is rather muddled.  The plot hews fairly closely to the most widely-known material and accepted facts from Bush's life - his early partying ways, his mediocrity as a businessman, and his meteoric and surprising rise to Governor of Texas and then President.  The most controversial aspects of his life are left out here, which makes the movie adhere more closely to a "typical biopic.  Therein is one of the fundamental problems.  Oliver Stone is known for being a liberal-minded director who isn't afraid of stirring up controversy and even fluffing up conspiracy theories (see "JFK"). His nerve seems to have failed him here or else getting older has made him more moderate; "W. is not the brutal skewering some people are likely to expect.  Bush is portrayed as a lovable buffoon, and it's a rather timid depiction.  Indeed, the tome of "W. is uneven, with some of the actors seeming to play their roles as broadly satiric (Thandie Newton's spot on "impression of Condoleezza Rice would fit in nicely on SNL) whereas others take a more realistic approach (Richard Dreyfuss is unrecognizable as a power-hungry Dick Cheney).  Likewise, the movie's tone lies uncomfortably in the middle, neither condemning Bush nor adding much understanding of his character.  The only aspect of his life that it explored that hasn't been examined much previously is the allegedly rather contentious relationship between Bush and his father, George H.W. Bush; who is portrayed here as profoundly disappointed with his son every step of the way, even when he is elected President.  This depiction is at odds with the public persona of George H.W. Bush and his comments about his son, but it could explain certain aspects of W.'s personality.  In the end, "W. is likely to frustrate equally people who like Bush and those who despise him.  Perhaps it was simply too soon for this type of movie.  Although "W. only covers Bush's first term in office, most people do not yet have the distance to gain perspective on Bush and his Presidency.  Stone's commentary track suggests that he does - he discusses the intense hatred he had toward Bush during the first term as dimming.  However, this perspective has seemingly resulted in a muddled movie unlikely to make anybody very happy.  "W. was interesting and even somewhat enjoyable, but it shed little new light on our most recent ex-President.
 There are two ways to evaluate this movie
 First, this was not as good as Oliver Stone's JFK (not even close).  That said, "W. takes a good look at how simple George W. Bush truly is.  A simple man who makes simple decisions, who doesn't understand the complexities of the world and who was always trying to get into his father's good graces by trying to out do his brother Jeb.  The other actors in the film (most of them top notch in their field) seemed to have trouble fitting into their roles - they all seemed stiff (those who played Condi, Rummy, Colin Powel, Cheney, etc.), but perhaps they were just meant to be background for Josh Brolin (who's performance is Oscar worthy).  I guess the title of the movie should tell me who the film is ultimately about, but I expected more from the supporting cast who came up short (in my view).  There were a few laughable moments.  One scene that stands out is when Dubbya is standing in front of his high level White House staff angrily asking where the Weapons of Mass Destruction went in Iraq which is why they decided to go to war in the first place.  He stands up shouting like a 10 year old asking his staff to tell him who was in charge (LOL).  Unbelievable.  If you've been paying attention to American politics since the 2000 presidential election, then nothing in this movie is going to surprise you.  There's no smoking gun here.  If you haven't been paying attention or just like George Bush, you're not going to walk away with anything stunning either because you're just as 1 dimensional as he is and just won't/don't get it.  Still, "W. is worth seeing for an interesting look into George Bush's psyche... and there ain't all that much there!  It was entertaining enough and Josh Brolin's performance was spot on.
 When making a semi-biographical film, there really are two ways that one can go about the task.  The first method would be to try to be as objective as possible in trying to present all sides of a person's life and public reception equally.  Sadly, that method was most definitely not used by Oliver Stone in the making of "W".  Upon just a surface-level viewing of the film, one might think that, objectivity-wise, it isn't really too bad.  George W. Bush is portrayed both at his worst (the college years) and at his best (the 9/11 response), including pretty much all his important life events in between.  Yet, for viewers who did not feel that Mr. Bush was the root of all political evil while in office, they will be able to see the framework from which Stone is portraying our latest departed President.  Basically, the #1 problem inherent in "W is that it clearly takes the stance that Bush is an idiot, no matter what the time period, situation, or office he holds.  For example, instead of the strong leadership ability that was the Bush administration's "claim to fame", Stone projects G.W. as a stupid, bumbling idiot who was nothing more than a puppet of a few of his more superior cabinet members (such as Vice President Dick Cheney).  Then there is also Stone's take on George W. Bush becoming a born-again Christian.  Instead of perhaps even hinting at the fact that Bush might have made a sincere and heartfelt transformation towards God, Stone portrays the revelation as just emboldening Bush to keep blundering through life, as now he supposedly has God to back him up.  Unfortunately, those two examples do not stand alone...the entire film is just dripping with the "idiot Bush mentality.  It seems to be as if Stone's thought process behind the film was not "let's make a live-action biography of George W. Bush so much as "let's show how idiotic Bush is and yet he stills becomes President".  Now, with that being said, the movie wasn't (by far) the worst that I have seen in terms of political favoritism/non-objectivity.  Essentially, Stone just examines the life of George W. Bush through a single prism
 Oliver Stone is a three-time Academy Award winner known for writing the screenplays for <a href="http
 All movie attempts to present Bush Jr. as a cheap shadow of his daddy, Bush Sr., look mostly like the funny bubbling of own kid nasty sometimes but always "own bastard".  Oliver Stone's speculations of Iraq and Afghanistan wars would much more convincingly sound if for start the predominant majority of American voters reject, once and forever, a non-stoppable usage of their personal cars in big cities to ease dependence on energy sources well feeding terrorists back on the American soil de-facto absorbing increasingly for "humanitarian reasons new waves of terror breeding seed.
 I read Dick Cheney's book "In My Time, which - minus a few issues here and there - was a very good read.  And naturally, I was around during George Bush Jr.'s presidency.  So, I have a pretty good idea what might be fact and what might be fiction.  Now, you can argue until you're blue in the face who is at "fault for the Iraq war, making the assumption that the Iraq war was indeed a mistake.  (I'm on the fence a bit, because I understand that we can't know what might or would have happened if we hadn't entered the war.  Things might have been worse, and without traveling to an alternate universe, we'll never know.)  You may same the same thing about the Vietnam War, a war that the Democrats started for us.  Maybe both were a bad idea?  Maybe one was good, the other bad?  Maybe they both were a good idea?  Who knows?  No one will.  But if you can get past all of the politics, I believe that the problem with this film is simply the following
 Viewers expect many things from an Oliver Stone film, not the least of which is controversy. So it is quite surprising that what we have here is a very bland film. Perhaps that is because so much is known about Bush's life - his wilder days in college, his mediocre performance as a student, his often troubled relationship with his father, his post-born-again days, when he focused more on his "calling to a political career, and, of course, his well-documented eight years as president, especially the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The script simply provides no new insights into the man or the administration, which is a shame because the acting (with, perhaps, the exception of Thandie Newton's caricature of Condolezza Rice) is uniformly good
 I bet you cannot watch this movie without asking yourself, "How much of this is true? Not just what's verified and what is speculation, but how accurate do you suppose the guesses are? It's very spooky, this movie. Holding a mirror up to what we have just lived through, and at a time when we did not yet know whether Obama would win and change things, or McCain would win and continue the basic plan.  For one thing, most of the people who play well-known figures look quite like their roles, even Richard Dreyfuss as Darth Cheney. In fact, Josh Brolin as W. and James Cromwell as H.W. are the only two who are not particularly look-alikes, in that both actors are rather more lean and angular than the presidents were. Thandie Newton is positively spooky as Condi Rice. Toby Jones is a little smaller than Karl Rove, but just as slimy. Jeffrey Wright does not at first look all that much like Colin Powell, but he grows into the role -- or his makeup does.  The early part of W's life is the only part we have not seen before, although we certainly heard about it. We see his fraternity initiation, but not his Skull and Bones one. We see him chatting up a Texas gal and persuading her that he's going to marry her, and then later hear that his father had to "take care of her when she came up pregnant. He's in jail for reckless driving, and his father bails him out. But in his job in the oil fields, his try at Wall Street, and especially his lack of focus more generally, H.W. is deeply disappointed, and says so. In real life and in W.'s nightmares.  We are also "treated to his drying-out from alcohol, his born-again experience, his belief that God was calling him to run for president. Still, there seems to be more of the whiff of brimstone than the odor of sanctity about the man, especially ending every cabinet meeting with a silent prayer. If it was not phony, I almost wish it had been.  The decision to invade Iraq, the Cheney power hunger, the way everyone in that cabinet room could go along with Cheney's plan to take over the entire middle east by surrounding and then conquering Iran; it's all so spooky that I simply cannot help asking myself
 Josh Brolin did an absolutely tremendous job playing W, his performance was just great.  I put off on watching this movie for a long time because I know that Oliver Stone is only slightly lower down the totem pole of whacked out asinine Hollywood fools that feel the need to push their ultra PC/liberal agenda, he's much smarter than the few that sit above him on that totem pole like the idiotic propaganda minister Michael Moore.  I was afraid that the movie would be more like one of Moore's totally unbearable films but Stone did a decent job trying not to go totally overboard with his liberal agenda.  Although there were a number of places in the film where Stone completely departed from anything that even resembled reality but it was done in a way that did add some more entertainment value to the film, some of it was somewhat offensive due to some flat out lies & some absurd presumptions.  All in all, I really enjoyed the film for what it is, nothing more than a movie with very little factual information & obviously a great deal of nonsensical bashing of the Bush administration.  That being said, it had no affect on the way I look at W or what I already know to be facts regarding him & his administration.  What does annoy me about films like this is that if the shoe was on the other got and the movie was about or current idiot & chief, it would have turned out to be one long, butt kissing ceremony especially if it were done by Stone.  But whatever, i'm a big fan of W & despise the current administration yet I still really did enjoy this movie and there were instances that were based on fact that actually taught me a few things I didn't already know.  Of course, I had to fact check just about everything but learned some interesting stuff about a young W.  All in all, regardless of your politics I would say that you should go see this film because it's definitely worth watching.
 This could have been a really interesting story but the actors were chosen based on how much they looked like the characters they were supposed to portray rather than their ability to actually act.  The woman who portrays Condaleeza Rice is so bad that she seems more like a Saturday Night Live impersonation than a serious portrayal.  I think that is the problem with this film -- I think Stone would have done well to wait until "W. and his posse wasn't so current or "familiar by sight to the American public because then he could have focused on creating an ensemble that could tell the story rather than just looking like some amateur troupe who can't act their way out of a paper bag.  Instead of focusing on the story, all I could think of was how awful this group of actors rather than the history that was supposed to be told. I think the story needs to be told... Oliver Stone just rushed it in order to try to capitalize on current events rather than trusting his audience to be intelligent enough to follow a story with less than robotic look-alikes of the cast of characters.
 What holds back Oliver Stone's film recitiation on the life of President George W. Bush from being better is simple
 It is clear that this movie was made by a Bush Hater I watched it out of curiosity and did not find the movie as entertaining or factual. Once again a movie that portrays conservatives as idiotic and evil.However it was well acted, Josh Brolin does a good job, however looks old when he tried to play W in college. Oliver Stone stumbles badly because he tries to hate the President and tries to suggest that all his decisions were driven for the approval of his father. I would recommend it only if you miss Bush. I know I do....I used to love Oliver Stone but he has not made any notable movie lately, to make matters worse he is recycling his old movie material watch out for Wall Street 2.
 Oliver Stone brings his undeniable talent to this biopic of George `Dubya' Bush.. supported by one of those to-die-for casts he seems to have at his beck and call.  There's no question this is slickly put together, and that Josh Brolin is completely convincing as the title character .... but as a movie experience there is just something missing. Stone presents Bush as a follower rather than a leader.  Someone who is driven by being under the shadow of his brother in his parents eyes, and whose political drive to succeed is a mirror of his drive to succeed in his father's eyes.  Surrounding him, we have a veritable who's who of Hollywood acting as all the well known string pullers behind him and around him - most of whom are thinly drawn, not being the centre of attention - but of all of them, Richard Dreyfuss does a surprisingly good job of fleshing out Dick Cheney.  There's a little jolt of energy whenever he has a moment on screen, particularly sparring with Colin Powell.  But these are asides, with W's evolving character being the focus, and so as the movie goes on, we see Bush at different times of his life.  From College pranks through trying to find a job he wants to keep, meeting Laura, becoming born again (watch out for a great Stacey Keach turn) and starting his political career.. all told non linearly, interspersed with the period of time that will dominate his place in history - going to war with Iraq. With all those fine ingredients however, it seems that something has been left out - some excitement, some dramatic hook to draw you in.  Frankly, Bush's life, rather like his presidency some would argue, is rather dull.  In the end, the enjoyment of the movie is in the details.. enjoying watching for Hollywood well known faces playing political well known faces, learning a little about Dubya's earlier life.  But we don't come away much richer for the experience.  Stone's interpretation of the man is valid, but never feels insightful enough or definitive, neither does it have the cinematic or dramatic energy of, say, `Nixon'.  It's not a disaster, but neither does it sparkle.  Sometimes interesting, never fascinating.  Perhaps it is too soon, and looking back in twenty years or more this will be regarded in higher esteem.
 Great performances abound in this mildly interesting doc about the inept boozehound that stole the throne in the Oval office.  It shows you a glimpse of his party life in college, his pathetic attempts at sustaining a "real job, and his incessant family afflictions.  But W avoids being too political, much like Dubya did himself.  Although it comes off at times as somewhat critical of the president, it also avoids much of the controversial and significant moments in his presidency.  Like the doubts surrounding the election, the speech to rally public support for the War on Terror, and the inexcusable reactions to Katrina.  By dodging these topics, it leaves you feeling disappointed and manipulated.  Another well-made but ambiguous version of the truth by Oliver Stone.
 As Oliver Stone comments -- W. is not really a political movie... its aim is really to get us inside his skin, and see how he came to power... and to that extent, it is meant to be compassionate, since the aim is to get us into his world. And he also comments that he's not a documentary film maker (*well, except for the project that he currently has in production... oops...) Still, buying that, according to him, the film does not have to make a strong political point - - it has to tell a story...  O.K. - - indeed he is right... and to that extent we can understand why the film lacks the intensity of... say one of Woodward's books, ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN - - or heck, a Michael Moore film... but there's a catch
 No one has ever accused Oliver Stone of being subtle. However, once more people see his film concerning the life and times of George W. Bush, I think the perception about the director, which is that he is a rabid conspiracy theorist who rewrites history via Grand Guignol-fueled cinematic polemics, could begin to diminish. I'm even going to go out on a limb here (gulp!) and call W a fairly straightforward biopic.  Stone intersperses highlights (is that the right word?) of Bush's White House years with episodic flashbacks and flash forwards, ostensibly beginning in the late 60s (when Junior was attending Yale) and taking us up to his second (interminable) term.  I'm not saying that Stone doesn't take a point of view; he wouldn't be Oliver Stone if he didn't. He's caught flak in some corners for the amount of screen time spent dwelling on Bush's battle with the bottle (I will say that the manufacturers of Jack Daniels must have laid out some serious bucks for the ubiquitous product placement throughout the film). Bush's history of boozing is a matter of record. It's part of his story (and could explain a lot of things). Some have taken umbrage at one of the underlying themes of Stanley Weisner's screenplay, which is that Bush's angst (and the drive to succeed at all costs) is propelled by an unrequited desire to please a perennially disapproving George Senior. I'm no psychologist, but that sounds reasonable to me.  As usual, Stone has assembled a massive cast with a bazillion speaking parts (I daresay he matches the late Robert Altman in this department).  His choice of Josh Brolin for the lead initially struck many people as an odd selection (including yours truly), but now that I have seen the film, I have to say it was a smart move. Brolin is nothing short of brilliant. He doesn't go for a cartoon caricature, which would have been the easy route to take; I think he pulls off a Daniel Day Lewis-worthy "total immersion quite successfully. It is interesting to note that Brolin (tangential to Junior) has been accused of riding into a Hollywood career on the coattails of his dad (James Brolin) and stepmother (Barbara Streisand); if Stone chose his leading man with this in mind, he is a very canny operator.  Some of the other standouts in the cast include Toby Jones ("Infamous") as Karl Rove, James Cromwell and the great Ellen Burstyn as President and Mrs. Bush Sr., Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell and Richard Dreyfuss (perfect!) as Dick Cheney.Scott Glenn isn't given an awful lot to do as Donald Rumsfeld, but he has the evil squint down. The only misfire is an overly mannered Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice; it is like she dropped in unexpectedly from a Saturday Night Live sketch. Perhaps it is not entirely her fault, because they put so much prosthetic on her face, she can barely move her lips.  If the Bush administration had never really happened, and this was a completely fictional creation, I would be describing Stone's film by throwing out superlatives like "A wildly imaginative look at the dark side of the American Dream! or "A vivid, savage satire for our times! But you see, when it comes to the life and legacy of one George W. Bush and the Strangelovian nightmare that he and his cohorts have plunged this once great nation into for the last eight years, all you have to do is tell the truth...and pass the popcorn.
 people have different reasons for liking or hating this movie, and i fall right in the middle for different reasons. the real dubya was hilarious at the microphone trying to stumble to the next sentence, and you see a bit of that in the film, but about half of it covers his younger years.  it was actually eye opening at times, which made up for the lack of laughs for the most part. its hard to believe some parts were actually dramatic, anything dubya is normally a laugh riot, but there is deffinitely drama, from election losses to Bush Jr's ex girlfriend getting an abortion.  all in all, its an unflinching, interesting look through dubya's life, with all the scandals and idiocy in tact.
 Josh Brolin was nominated for an Oscar this year...but for the wrong movie. He got nominated for Milk, when in fact I don't think that movie allowed him to get under the skin of the local politician who assassinated the mayor of San Francisco and Harvey Milk. But Brolin, who has really come into his own the last few years, was stellar in the overlooked W. ($29.95; Lionsgate), Oliver Stone's examination of George Bush that wasn't as satirical as some expected or as scathing and condemning as others expected and certainly wasn't the hagiography that the 20% of the population who thought Bush was doing a good job even at the bitter end would have wanted. Just as it will take years for historians to put that Presidency into perspective and see its impact on world affairs, it'll take years for us to watch W. as just a film and not a requiem or star chamber condemnation of Bush. But you can start reevaluating now by focusing on how Brolin creates a living breathing character so deftly. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
 Something I have recently learned about Oliver Stone movies
 If you expect Oliver Stone to make the George W. Bush into a complex and interesting character in "W, then you will be disappointed.  Considering the subject matter, such an expectation is unrealistic.  Bush comes across as he did for the eight years of his presidency
 You never know with Oliver Stone,  whether you will get his penchant for exaggeration, or his ability to bring a character into sharper focus. There wasn't much of the first, but there wasn't much of the second either.  Only a few of the dozens of Bushborne, misfired, verbal synapses came across the screen, but usually in the wrong context, and almost as an afterthought. Stone instead tries to tell us about Bush from his college days onward where we learn of his ability to memorize the names of his fraternity brothers, in short order, without memorizing much else from his four years at Yale. This left me feeling a little cheated. I knew these things. For the person I watched it with, I was hailed with a number of, did-he-really-say/do-that. It was a revelation for her, and this film was much more to her fulfillment and amusement than mine.  One reviewer found the right phrase that I couldn't muster more than a Bushism for what it was lacking. It's as if this movie wasn't sure if it was a comedy or a drama. Josh Brolin does a superb Bush characterization, as does Dreyfus as Dick Cheney, and the one in the role of Karl Rove as the turdblossom toady. The characters for Rice, Powell, and Rumsfeld are less believable, and Powell's one-man fight against the others underscores his departure after one term.  Oliver Stone brings out some of the worst of George who got a woman pregnant back in the days when he still believed in a woman's right to choose. No time is spent in his Air National Guard days, and there is no mention of Bush's pathological childhood behavior, or his slovenliness when he left his apartment with rent unpaid and substantial repair required. We learn how he met Laura Bush who had a profound impression on him--because he started changing his socks everyday rather than three. We do see his early lack of impulse control when Laura confesses that his speech was bad, and he reacts by smashing the car into the driveway door. On an earlier occasion, we see Georgie, three sheets to the wind, driving his car onto the front lawn, amd making a drunken challenge to his fight his father.  What Stone wants to convey is that Dumbya is a loser in spirit and intellect, that his name, his father's accomplishments and contacts bailed him out of one social or career misadventure after another. George showed little patience and even less aptitude for Wall Street or oil drilling while harboring the unrealistic hope that there was some future for him in baseball. It is little wonder that the family put their hopes in his brother Jeb.  This is comedy light and drama light fare that is not bad to watch, but not one you might want to see a second time, especially if you are hoping for some depth and insight in discovering how such a maladjusted personality and such an underachiever could have ever reached the White House. That means it is probably better as a rental from a service or library, rather than as a purchase.  I rate this as a stone's throw above a three.
 The highlight of this so-so interpretation of Zorro (well-portrayed by Douglas Fairbanks in the 1920 silent film classic, Guy Williams in Disney's successful 1957-1959 television series and, in my opinion, given the definitive portrayal by Duncan Regehr in the New World television series that aired from 1990-1993), is the-SPOILER WARNING!!!-swordfight between the villainous Captain & Don Diego aka Zorro. Why bother seeing this film in color when it was filmed in black-and-white? I think this  a so-so version of the character because-SPOILERS!!!-he threatens Inez and he kills the villain.
 WARNING
 One of the first books that I read as a teenager (that wasn't off the juvenile shelves) was "Von Ryan's Express by David Westheimer.  It was a best seller at the time and I soon discovered why.  The key to the book was the extensive middle where the Allied prisoners take over a transport train one car at a time.  It was a very suspenseful and engrossing story of one-on-one, hand to hand combat with everything at stake.  Each of something like 22 cars is depicted with a writer's skill.  When the movie came out, I went to see it with a friend.  As the first railroad car was taken, I leaned over to him and said, "This is where it really gets exciting".  Low and behold, after taking two or three cars, the prisoners jump all the guards at the next stop.  So much for my expectations.  The thing is, this probably is a pretty good movie.  I note the high ratings others have given it so I don't want to be overly negative.  It's more of a walk down memory lane that prompted me to write this review.  This was the movie that taught me what many others have said
 Although not as thrilling as John Frankenheimer's <a href="http
 It has been said of Sinatra, not a nice person off screen but on screen, always dependable and in charge of the situation. He even outshadowed the venerable Trevor Howard in this one. As a drama, very good and as a war movie, good again. Interesting locations like the old ruins. Back to Sinatra, seen many movies with him and never a bad one.
 Lakhan Singh strikes terror into the hearts of village people everywhere. But when his heart is tamed by a woman through her courage & tenacity who would believe it. So begins the tale of Samadhi a story of hardship & misfortune where Lakhan follows a pathway of self sacrifice to provide for his loved ones. But however hard he tries he cannot escape the shadow of crime that has blighted his existence, Happiness is always seems to be snatched away & replaced by remorse & anguish which forces him out of desperation back into the life of crime he was raised into. His only hope is to ensure that his child is not caught in the circle of deception that he is so effectively ensnared. If that means disassociating himself from the one thing that he values the most than so be it.
 Charming piece of candy-colored confetti based on the Archie sidebar comic strip, about a group of young girls who form a band and are trying to hit the big time. Overnight success happens, literally overnight, and soon they find themselves being plastered on the cover of every magazine, albums selling like hotcakes and fans buzzing around them like mad bumblebees. But is everything what it seems, or does it just seem like they have it a bit too easy, or maybe their market-savvy managers have their own personal gain in mind? Directors Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont don't mess around with the message here
 This was an okay movie.  It had it's funny parts. This movie is about 3 girls who are in a band The Pussycats.  When they are walking a across the street a guy sees them and thinks he can make them into the next big thing.
 This was a good movie. ok, maybe it was a bit stupid, but the casting was well done. the movie had its funny moments. but really, you wonder how much the companies did pay to advertise in the movie.. i know the storyline was about subliminal messages and ad's to buy things, but otherwise the move realy was one really big ad for all major companies such as coca cola and mcdonalds. I think Tara Reid is cool and played melody well. Same goes for Rosario Dawson and Rachel Leigh Cook. One thing they did wrong was the lip syncing wasn't very good. all that aside, it was an ok movie.
 I bought this yesterday, expecting it to be a great movie, packed with great music and a great cast. I got something that I hate getting, a movie that turns out to be one of those not so appealing ones, the kind you get from Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. I like their movies but it's the kind that they usually stop in the middle and explain to us because the movie isn't all that great. Cheap entertainment. I got the same thing from this. It's a good movie, a lot of surprises, but overall, not all that great. Spend your money on a movie you know will be good, this one just isn't worth it.
 Josie and The Pussycats is a movie based on a comic book that was a spin off of the Archie series. I had a suspicion that it was really no good, but I wanted to watch it anyway because I like Rosario Dawson (Rent), Rachael Leigh Cook (She's All That), Parker Posey (The House of Yes), Alan Cumming (Romy and Michele's High School Reunion), and Seth Green (Party Monster). It was kind of cute in spots, but it was born under a misbegotten moon.  First there was a parody of a boy band, called Du Jour, and Seth Green and Breckin Myer were in it. It was just kind of lame, as far as parodies go. This was mercifully brief, and then another story emerges. Wyatt Frame (Alan Cumming) and Fiona (Parker Posey) are part of a conspiracy to plant subliminal messages in music to get teenagers to buy stuff. The government is in on it, and even Carson Daly (played by himself) and Mr. Moviefone are part of the nefarious plot.  --------- Mr. Moviefone
 I'm not sure whether this movie came out before or after Zoolander, but it certainly shares many things in common. You have your Derek Zoolander type character(s) embodied in Josie and the Pussycats themselves, who were discovered out of nowhere by a music agent who needed a new band to act as a front for the music industry and its use of subliminal messages to get young people to consume products and buy into every fad alive. It really is a good set-up and one that is a great modern reinterpretation of the original Archie Comic (I would have loved to have a cameo of Archie and his friends). The movie follows a one week or so change of fortunes for Josie and their friends as they go from playing at a bowling alley where they are each paid $5 to be ignored by old men bowling strikes to being number one on Billboard. All the while, they are being used to make money. Of course, we have the classic fight between band members and ultimate redemption followed by the chance to play for real, without the subliminal messaging in front of thousands of people. And of course, sprinkle in some love and a moral or two. It all adds up to a relatively entertaining movie from the decade that spawned the "teen movie. Unlike some of the others, this at least has some redeeming and touching moments and I think it will definitely appeal to a younger audience.
 (For mine, anything with Rosario Dawson in it has gotta be okay). Rachael Leigh Cook--famously known as the new face of the  this is your brain on drugs  commercial--(Remember? She deeee-molishes that kitchen with a cast iron fry pan. To say nottin' of that egg.) plays a convincing Josie; cute, but edgy lead guitarist for a small town girl band itching to make it big. Papparazzi 'Party Girl' Poster Child Tara Reid plays the lovable drummer who's more concerned over who grabbed the last piece of candy from her stash than anything majorly important. Alan Cummings was made for those snarkily up- to-no-good prissy bad boy roles and he does the record executive who's bottom line is the bottom line quite well. One of the tricks of this movie is how they want to show how product endorsement and product placement work on the mind of the mass audience--and by showing these products the movie ends up doing what it satirizes. I guess you'd have to be there. You can tell what's gonna happen in the end way before it happens, but that *won't* stop you from having an enjoyable ride to that point...
 While in theatres "Josie and the Pussycats - an adorably silly and sometimes-sentimental advertisement for everything from McDonalds to The Gap - did badly. Plain and simple, it just bombed. It barely lasted for a month, when three friends and me went to see it a week after it opened, there were two other people in the theatre. No exaggeration. Why? Well, I don't exactly know because contrary to popular belief, the movie is not that bad. It's juvenile and rarely funny, yes...but somehow the movie flows fairly well. Following a girl rock band from the bowling alley in their hometown to New York City. Where a desperate record executive, who is in dire need to find the next "big thing", before his boss fired him, discovers them. Ultimately the whole ordeal turns out to be a test of their friendship and a hard lesson in life (at least for the three members of the band). Rachel Leigh Cook and Rosario Dawson's characters, Josie and Val, are not exactly two dimensional, but they are boring. However, Tara Reid's character, Mel, is ditzy in an endearing way and the greedy record executive and Fiona, his boss, (played by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey) are fun, comical villains. I'm not sure it's worth the money, but it is worth a try and if, like me, you decide you like it than by all means, buy it.
 I was so happy when I heard about this movie. I bought the soundtrack right away b/c Kay Hanley Of Letters To Cleo did the singing and I am a big fan of hers, but the movie in general could have been better. I thought it was a very fun movie to rent and I enjoyed it. I thought the movie was going to be mainly about the band, but it turned mostly to be about the record company and that disappointed me. I also think they could have given more credit to Kay Hanley for her amazing vocals!
 Sometimes movies have a tacked-on extra ending that runs simultaneously with the credits. This is such a movie, and I suspect I'm going to be considered a flake for admitting it, but I'm going to go ahead and and admit it anyway - That extra ending was the only reason I bought the DVD. Without it, I don't think I would have bought or even rented this movie in either format. The extra ending in this case is a hilarious dream sequence about flatulent supermodels. Without it, I'd rate this two stars at best. The main body of the movie is a romance between two characters (not appearing in the end dream sequence), played by on the one hand Claire Forlani, and on the other by either Freddy Prinze, Jr. or Chris Klein, I can't remember which. With me, it's funny about all three of those performers. I've liked Claire Forlani in some movies, especially in her show-stealing role in ANTITRUST. As for Freddy and Chris, I've liked them in several movies each and have no trouble telling them apart while watching them. But when I contemplate movies in retrospect, they tend to run together (this being by no means the first time). My trouble with the main story is that I just didn't find Claire Forlani's character substantially likeable. Most of the time I thought the guy deserved better and ought to break up with her. That made for a long and ponderous movie to see if he would. Seems a waste of talent, because Claire can play so much better. Neither effective romance nor effective madcap satire, her performance is trapped in a noperson's land in between. A friend of mine actually says that that's the real symbolic connection between the main body and tacked-on ending - That's the joke's on us if we thought it a seriously romantic picture. Instead, my friend says, the subtle message for those of us perceptive enough is that Forlani's character is like unpleasant backed-up flatulence, and the supermodels symbolize the beauty of it all finally passing on by way of the movie ending. Well, I don't want to go so far as to conclude that. Claire Forlani is clearly an actress with potential, and it's better to not quite compare any of her formative performances to trapped gas. But as for her particular character herein, it's hard not to call her a pain in the area brought to mind by that supposed symbolism.
 If you're looking for a good laugh and maybe a tear or two, you might want to watch  Boys And Girls . With a great script and strong cast (Jason Biggs, Claire Forlani and Freddie Prinze Jr.), this movie sheds new light on the so-called 'teen flicks'. It has a great plot and a story-line
 I'm still not quite sure what to make of this (which makes Claire Forlani look gorgeous).  Not as good as  She's all the That , but far superior to the ...  Down to You  this is a decent romance.  All the cliches are there, but it manages to be charming to an extent.  If you don't expect too much, you could end your evening with a smile as I did.  I don't have review the plot here.  Jason Biggs, Freddie Prinze Jr, and the amazing Forlani make the material watchable. What astounded me about this movie, and something no film reviews I read in the real world, and very few on here, are the amazing similarities to when Harry Met Sally.  While there is a breakfast club/16 candles scene, I think WHMS is the inspiration here. ...  However, Forlani plays Crystal and Meg Ryan (which is Prinze's name and he later dates a Megan...but I digress) is more Freddie P.  We have the one night stand, the crying before hand, the awkward silence, the phone calls...etc.  The meeting and hating each other before becoming friend.  Biggs' character is Bruno Kirby like and forlani's roomate is a lot like Carrie Fisher.  I already talked about the names...it is like a teen version of WHMS, but punched up.  What can I say.  Maybe I didn't like it, but I sorta did.  The movie was fun and the WHMS connections fascinated me.  And Claire Forlani is beguiling. Enjoy!
 ALot of the footage that is discernable is not from Master Soken but from some other guy.  There is some footage of the Hakutusuru(or so the narrator Claims) but it was very short.  The peices of the weaponry/kata performed by Master Soken are excellent.  I reccomend it only if you have the extra $$ to throw around , it isn't all that great but is ok for the enthusiast  PS(The narrator becomes quite irratating)
 Did anyone else notice this is being advertised and sold as Cheers
 the three-star rating is for the box set... it's gone cheap with just a box sleeve (season 9 is the turning point). not only is this bad for collection purpose, but the entire set is inconsistent.
 I have been warned about this movie.  The movie that Christians especially Catholics dislike.  I wanted to know what the big hub-bub was all about and  so, I watched the movie.  Either you love it or hate it, I watched it as a  comedy and not as preaching to what I should do religiously and I found it  very entertaining. Of the Kevin Smith movies, I like this one a lot.  My  brother puts this at the lowest of Kevin Smith movies and he dislikes it  because it focuses too much on religion.  I look at it as something to  laugh about and to see another perspective or another person's storyline  and you either are entertained or not.  So, I don't hold grudges and I  don't feel like banning the movie.  I don't place this movie up to  blasphemy with  The Last Temptation of Christ  but if you can  just separate yourself from your religious side for 128 minutes, give this  movie a try and if you like it..you like it and if you dislike it...you  dislike it. I bought this movie hearing that a special collector's  edition will be out sometime this year.  All Kevin Smith movies are  collector's edition except this.  You don't get hardly anything.  Just a  trailer and talent files.  So, in the extra department, this movie blows.  The audio of the movie is driven by dialogue, so don't expect any major  surround sound.  There are certain scenes where they are utilized but just  a little.  The video is pretty cool too, then again, I wasn't really  watching for artifacts during this movie.  A few reviews mentioned they saw  compression artifacts... It amazes me how Smith got talented people to  work on this $10 million movie, when these actors are making humongous  amount of money.  This movie features an all-star cast including the guest  cameos in the movie.   With all three previous Kevin Smith movies, fans  were treated with cool extras.  Yes, rumor has it that a special edition  will be coming out at the end of the year but still.... Overall this  movie is pretty fun to watch, the lack of features drives the overall score  down but give it a try, you might enjoy it.  Movie gets 5 stars, Special  Features (or lack of)gets 0 stars which drives the overall DVD down to 3  stars.
 As the opening to the movie suggests, "Dogma is not expressly intended to offend but to look at things open-mindedly.  No one can disagree with the idea that it explores religion from a nontraditional perspective.  Two angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) have fallen and have been banished to a place "worse than hell...Wisconsin.  They discover a loophole which could get them into heaven, but this would ultimately make God falliable and destroy the universe. The band of characters that seek to stop them include
 Bartleby and Loki, two angels banished to Wisconsin for the rest of eternity, have found a loophole in God's Law and are on their way to take advantage of a planetary indulgence  at the centennial celebration of a small Catholic church in New Jersey.  Since proving God to be fallible would make everything cease to exist and with God MIA, an unlikely team of mortals and heavenly hosts come together to try to stop them.  Overall, this is a fun movie.  It is not a movie for those easily offended, however.  To be honest, we rarely watch our DVD version but catch it on TV whenever it comes on.  I wish there were an "edited for TV version on DVD. The foul language really does not add to the movie in the least and, for me, gets in the way of enjoying it.  Jason Mewes' sex obsessed character is funny but the edited version gets the same gist across without having to wade through the language.  I would give the edited version 4 stars because it really is an enjoyable movie.  However, I put 3 here because of the language and the fact that I can't put three and a half stars.   As far as religion goes, I don't think that this was intended as a theosophical treatise.  It is a comedy and there are a lot of religious zingers.  Chris Rock, as the thirteenth apostle, claims not only that he was left out of the bible because he is black but that Jesus was black as well.  Salma Hayek, who plays a prodigal Muse (Greco-Roman mythology) insists that god is a woman. George Carlin plays Cardinal Ignatious Glick has a whole new program to get "butts in the pews including a very funny Buddy Jesus. Alan Rickman as Metatron (the Voice) gets peeved about people who's religious knowledge comes from Charlton Heston films.  Altogether, lots of laughter but really a superficial dealing with real religious questions. If you get offended on religious grounds, you are taking it WAY too seriously.
 There are very, very many really good things in this movie, but in the end it is marred by an inability to pull all the elements together as well as by a really weak ending.  Oh, and another weak link
 I should probably start this review by saying that Dogma was forced on me by my best friend, an avowed Kevin Smith fanatic.  Having only seen Chasing Amy before (and enjoying it a great deal), I was quite ready to dip into a movie by the same writer.  It stirred up a fair bit of controversy at the time, although having watched it I can say it's not actually that controversial.  Indeed, it's embracement of all 'ideas' comes almost perilously close to schmaltz.  Saying that, this is exactly the kind of screwball humour I love.  See, there are two disgraced angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a dogmatic loophole through which they can re-enter Heaven, thus ending the world by proving God to be fallible.  So it falls upon Linda Fiorentino's lapsed Catholic, as recruited by The Voice of God (Alan Rickman), to put a stop to their dastardly plans.  Along the way she's aided by prophets (Jay and Silent Bob), the forgotten 13th apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).  All against Jason Lee's horn-headed baddie. The humour comes thick and fast, with some absolutely classic scenes involving Damon's Loki exacting vengeance on a board meeting, Alanis Morissette's God doing handstands after defeating the apocalypse and some very very brilliant pop culture references.  The acting is also crucial, with particular stand-outs including Damon's most freewheeling role yet, Fiorentino treading a fine line between the serious and the comical and Affleck proving that with the right script and a role that doesn't reek of self-satisfaction (Pearl Harbour anyone?) he can be a very likeable, good, performer.  It of course goes without saying that the supporting cast is uniformally excellent. Still, the script does pander to vulgarity several times, which you'll either lap up or resent given the nuance, interesting humour of the rest of the movie.  Smith also has a slight tendency to over-talk his script, as if to constantly to remind us that this is a satire and not something to be taken seriously.  Whilst he points out in an ironic foreword that this should be evident ten minutes in, he still feels the need to hammer it in a little too much.  Saying that though, the serious elements of the story are mostly done very well, thanks in no part to Fiorentino.  Destined to become some kind of cult classic among Smith fans, this is a much smarter and funnier comedy than any of the one I've seen this year yet.  So, whilst not brilliant perhaps, at the very least Dogma is witty, vibrant and original.
 The long awaited Dogma - first promised on the end titles of Clerks - takes Silent Bob &amp; Jay to their next target. Having approached sex,  drugs, romance &amp; shopping (and achieved an incredibly gratifying  nothing) organised religion pops up next. With the entirity of existence  (begrudgingly) requiring their assitance the world is in trouble. This  film came in for a lot of stick for its discussion of organised religion  and faith. Denounced as blasphemous by many it raises many common  criticisms of religion and Catholism - but does it do it well? Yes and No.  The script is at times excellent and usually good however there is  sometimes a feeling that Smith just doesnt quite know what he is doing or  saying with his direction and the set pieces seem to lack a spark that  would have made the film far more rounded. The performances from the cast  are good especially Lee who puts in a great turn as Azrial. On the whole  - good but not great. Better off watching Chasing Amy or Clerks but if your  in the mood...
 Note that there are NO EXTRAS on this DVD. (I don't count trailers) For Kevin Smith fans this is a HUGE letdown, especially considering all the stuff they even managed to cram into the Mallrats DVD. According to director Kevin Smith on his View Askew website, later this year (2000) will see the release of a fully-loaded DVD with all the extra goodies DVD owners have to demand, especially for quality movies. As for the film itself, this is a brilliant movie for those of you that choose to look towards western, organized religions (regardless of the denomination) with a questioning glance. If you're not the one that can take "isms lightly -- in this case sarcasm, symbolism, criticism, witicism -- then why bother watching? But if you can watch a movie objectively and listen to the point of view it's taking, you'll be at the very least by Dogma's very original look at the Catholic church and what drives the followers of Catholicism (and for those of you out there that think Smith is a heathen, be aware that he is Catholic, goes to church every week pays his tithe on a weekly basis). And if you were already fan of any of the original Jersey Trilogy (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy), you'll be delighted by Dogma. It's as fresh and blunt (oh, a pun!) as Clerks, as biting and sterotype-smashing as Chasing Amy, while still building on the heroic qualities [smirk] of Jay and Silent Bob from Mallrats.
 If you just view the scenes that Metatron,  Herald of the Almighty and the Voice of God , is in, the story is less murky. Dogma is irreverent (hooray!) and creative, but it would have benefitted from a more ruthless editor. Some of the scenes seem to be pointless digressions to provide a space for some low 7th grade humor. But if you concentrate on scenes with the testy seraphim, Metatron (superbly played by Alan Rickman), the film holds together really well and has a heart.
 The first time I saw this film, I absolutely loved it--I saw it with a large group of open-midned Catholic students floowed by a two-hour interview with Kevin Smith.  Definitely the preferred viewing.  I watched  it again with some Jesuits, and came to two mutual conclusions. 1)  Getting  truly offended by this film is lunacy. 2)Nevertheless, the film is not very  good. Kevin Smith is classic here, and the film is quite effective in its  parody moments.  Its other best moment is a very serious dialogue between  Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, who worked the actor's equivalent of minimum  wage for their friend Smith when they could have been making millions.  As  evidenced by the mix of dramatic dialogue and parody, however, this film  never quite figures out what it wants to be.  It jumps from one genre to  the next, with reckless abandon, forgetting to take the story line with it,  and several moments are too childish to be funny. That said, however, you  cannot be too mad at Smith for making a loosely coherent movie.  He's only  made one other film that tried to be coherent (and succeeded), Chasing Amy.  Also unlinke his other films, the acting is excellent--the cast ranges from  the good to the amazing, rather than the traditional smith range of the  very good to the awful.  And his dialogue here, while not quite par with  his other movies, is better than nearly any other popular screenwriter. As  a movie that you want to see that is fun to watch, this gets four and 1/2  stars.  As an effective theologial statement, it gets two.  His slowly  emerging pictuer of what he thinks is good faith is confused and  vapid--basically, his idea is that the object of faith is irrelevant, which  kind of overlooks the natuerr of faith along every standpoint, from human  psychology to grammar (we have faith *in* something).  None of it is  offensive, because in the end, it's not saying anything.  To be  *theologically* offensive, you need a great work, like Last Temptation of  Christ.
 Kevin Smith's unflinching onslaught upon organized religion that masks its intentions under the guise of an over-indulgent, goofy stoner road trip. Although he's chewing on some very thick meat in this one, a weighty, opinionated take on a touchy subject isn't quite enough to compensate for the sheer volume of quirks and trademarks the writer/director once again puts up on display. Every on-screen character speaks in long, unbroken monologues; basically mouthpieces for Smith himself. Jay and Silent Bob, the inessential links to Smith's earlier films, feel shoehorned into a plot that would've worked just as well (if not better) without them. Punchlines are virtually spelled out along the bottom of the screen, or glaringly in the backgrounds. It's a pity, because the film does have some valid points about the shortcomings of organized religion and the evolution of spirituality - particularly Catholicism - but amidst so much sinewy excess that central message is nearly clouded beyond interpretation. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, still fresh from the success of Good Will Hunting, turn in strong performances as ignorant fallen angels but ultimately find little else to work with.
 'Dogma' is an irreverent look at religion from auteur Kevin Smith. Though it was protested by religious groups it shows that Kevin Smith has obviously studied and thought about the subject quite a bit, though his view is admittedly askew. I was expecting that it would be a terrible movie, but Smith had a lot of profound thoughts and waited until he was mature enough as a film maker to tackle them. There was only a few places where the acting was as bad as in his first film, 'Clerks,' and by that I mean places where you are acutely aware that the actors are reading a script, one weighted down with a lot of philosophy and theology, and they falter under their burden. Ben Affleck, as rogue angel Bartleby, carries a lot of the excess theological baggage, so I suppose that it isn't really fair to single him out. Salma Hayek, as the muse Serendipity, was nominated for a Razzie award for worst acting--but she didn't win it!  In 'Dogma' we have the usual Kevin Smith obsessions
 Kevin Smith is, in My opinion, the new Millenniums answer to Orson Welles, "Clerks will go down in history as his "Citizen Kane as it was his First film, he Wrote, Directed and Acted in it, it was Controversial and he will Probably Never Top it. "Dogma is Kevin's most Ambitious film to date, and it ranges from Infinitely Clever to Irretrievably Crap, some scenes Fly by, some scenes Crawl, some Performances are Spot On, some are Cringe-worthy. We All know he is a Talented Writer, but his Directing skills are Far from Polished. No Tricky Camera work, no Imagination in the Shots, he just Points and Shoots. With all of his Previous films, he could just blame the Lack of Budget as the reason the Production wasn't Top Notch, but Here, he has no Excuses. An A-List Cast, a Good Budget and a Bucket Load of Potential... Kevin's Script and Directing are the Letdowns. Now to the Performances... I'll Start with the Great ones.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon may play Fallen Angels in the film, but for Kevin Smith, they are a God Send. They make his Dialogue sound Great and when they are on the Screen, the Film is at it's Best. Jason Lee is a Close Second, (Ben and Matt tied for First) as he and Ben have worked with Kevin a couple of times before, ("Chasing Amy and "Mall Rats") they know how to deliver his dialogue. They are to Kevin what Laurence Olivier is to Shakespeare. Alan Rickman comes off Next Best, every time he was on screen; I had an Ear-to-Ear smile. Jay and Silent Bob are as Good as Ever, their Comedic Styles are as Fresh as Ever and they don't look like they'll be getting Dull any time soon. The Same cannot be said for Linda Fiorentino, Salma Heyek or Chris Rock. They have been given Large Quantities of Dialogue which could Easily have been given the Chop, it Embarasses them and Bores the Audience. Every time they open their mouths, Biblical Speeches follow and It slows the film to a Crawl. Especially Chris Rock, he does his best with the films Worst Lines, not even Eddie Murphy could have saved This Character. Overall, it is Worth Seeing. Opinions of "Dogma Vary like you Wouldn't Believe. To some It the Best Movie Ever, to others, it's the Worst. You just may be One of the Many who Adore it.
 Downsides
 I love Mr. Smith's directing and writing. He's just freakin' awesome. So I hold him to very high standards. I know a lot of people talked trash about this movie, but it really wasn't bad. What it was, was corrupted by Kevin Smith's celebrity friends and their cameos. One of the things about Kevin Smith's earlier movies was the actors involved didn't detract from the movie. Even Amy with a then-unknown Ben Affleck. In this case, however, it's hard to let the story shine with people like Matt Damon involved. And don't get me wrong- I love Matt Damon.
 Dogma is not a bad movie, but it's not a good one.  It began with some sharp satire, got preachy in the middle (all the arrogant religions only see a little bit of the truth but the humble and wise Kevin Smith sees the whole picture - the standard elephant and the blind men fallacy) and ended like most of Smith's efforts...unevenly.  If Kevin Smith was a chess player he would have one of the world's best opening games, a slightly below average middle game and a horrid end game.  Oh, and if you are going to make a religious satire, please don't include 3 extended diatribes expounding `correct' pluralistic religious perspective.  Satire should preach subversively not didactically.
 The DVD is packed with excellent features.  The film isn't.  The Catholic church is a very easy target for ridicule and this film always makes the easy jokes.  At its best Dogma can be really quite funny but at its worst it is simply amateurish, unfortunately there is very little of the best.
 The movie is done well, with it's brilliant screenwriter. It's the most comercial of his movies, so far. Even though it has it's wonderful parts (SB&amp;J are brilliant funny actors, Ben Affleck &amp; Matt Dillion are in it as well, but I think they just had them in it to make it more successful), it did better than it deserved. All his other movies, like CLERKS, were completely brilliant. But that is a far cry from this one. I mean I enjoyed it some but I didn't respect it. Come on the villians were angels and hockey players. BUt I still liked it. And it was pretty cool that GOD was a woman, Alanis Morsette. The  movie starts out great and then just gets stupid. WARNING
 Why is it that directors of indie films &amp; the bizzarre often make box office flops when given a big budget &amp; star power? Is it the audience that only expects greatness from b&amp;w films, or movies shot w/a handheld  camera &amp; almost no budget? Maybe, because it happened w/david Lynch  (Dune),Tim Burton (Mars Attacks), and now Kevin Smith. The fact of the  matter is that these are all good films, they just seem to lack the   edge  attributed to their directors.Dogma is no exception. The  idea is very clever. 2 fallen angels attempt to regain entry into Heaven,  which will mean the destruction of mankind if they do so, as it will prove  God fallible. Neat. The angels are Damon &amp; Affleck who are good, but  really unneeded stars as leads. Linda Fiorentino, who hasn't lost her touch  since Last Seduction, but just chose some bad scripts, is on top of her  game here as a faith stricken Catholic. She is joined by Jay &amp; Silent  Bob (unusually nonabrasive in this role), as well as the Muse Salma Hayek,  to stop them. What I feel results is a fun, clever, well crafted film  that was either overlooked or played down because of religious factions  that opposed the movie. The only problems that I found, really, were the  few mistakes made in regards to Catholisism; one being that a priest,  bishop, or cardinal cannot sanction a  door  which will forgive  all siners simply by passing thru it, which is what the 2 angels call their   loophole  for getting back into Heaven. Only the Pope is  infallible in the Catholic religion, &amp; I don't remember the film  mentioning him sanctioning this  door.  Another faux paus was  that chris Rock couldn't be the 13th apostle, as there was a 13th apostle  in scripture. He was Mathias, who replaced Judas after his suicide. Rock  would be the 14th apostle. Other than that, the swearing got old real fast,  but those are about my only complaints w/the movie. I found that,  intentionally or unintentionally,View Askew Productions created a faith  affirming movie. Who wouldn't want God to be loving, beautiful (whether  male or female), unspeaking, as we couldn't understand the sublime nature  of an all powerful being anyway, and w/a sense of humor and wonder in all  His creations, as evidenced by God's romp and tumblesets through the  fresh,green grass.Just perfect! I know that this is the type of God I would  want. A cute (bet that's the first time that word was used to describe  Dogma)film.
 Ironic that this movie is condemned by the Catholic League since everything in it is extremely Catholic. Almost every seminary student should watch this thing. Pretty much the story about bitter angels trying  to get into Heaven follows the same theological conundrum posed by the  Prophecy (ie, G-d's messengers really hate the human race) but it is  extremely silly for the most part. Cute scenes in the movie include the  blessed golf clubs, the whole  angels can't have sex  scenes,  Alanis Morrisette as G-d, and the poop monster. Strengths include Chris  Rock, Alan Rickman as well as Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as the angels. Jay  &amp; Silent Bob are funny but most of their jokes were in the comic books  already (including going to the town where all the John Hughes movies took  place to pick up Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy). George Carlin is  hilarious but that's mostly because he's George Carlin. Irritating parts  of the movie included the hockey playing demons, the demon character and  Linda Fiorentino's character (Smith still can't write female characters  very well, but at least he's trying unlike Mamet who just sticks a woman in  the movie for no reason whatsoever.) And I was personally disturbed by  the fact that Salma Hayak's character was a sexless angel. But that's just  my personal problem and doesn't really detract from the movie. Hayak is  either really irritating or really good in movies (pretty much mostly  Rodriguez movies is where she shines.) and in this one she's pretty  good. So rent it out or buy it. It's a fun movie. Just don't expect the  greatest movie ever made. Kevin Smith may one day direct an amazingly  beautiful and deep movie, but for now he directs enjoyable comedies which  shouldn't be taken as anything more. Oh yeah, I kinda have to agree on  the camera angle thing too. Nothing in this movie is all that visually  interesting, but there were some nice shots and it is getting better.
 On the audio commentary of Mallrats, Kevin Smith says that if 30% of cinemagooers get his humour then he's a happy guy. Watching this in the cinema I would have to say that was the case. His subtle yet clever humour  shows us that there are still filmakers who don't want to spell everything  out for you, who give you a little credit, and teach you things Kevin Smith  style. There are those out there who complained that it was anti religion -  but the survey says NO, I think it was pro religion, I am an athiest but  laernt from this. It is a great film but the DVD is a let down. I already  own Clerks and Mallrats, both which are packed full of extras, so I  initially worried that the low price tag on this release would be a give  away, but hoped nevertheless. I was wrong, no commentary, no behind the  scenes stuff, no outtakes. On this ground the disc must be rated down hence  my 3 stars. So to  to close - great film, poor disc.
 First, let me say this
 Watching Dogma is like hanging out with college kids eating pizza, smoking pot, and talking about religion; that is to say, it may be entertaining, but it's not particularly profound, intelligent, or well thought-out.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon work well together, and it's pleasant to watch their chemistry.  If that's enough to make you want to watch Dogma, by all means
 The only reason I watched this film was for Ben Affleck, I've wanted to see it for ages, but never got the chance to, or gone out of my way to buy it on DVD. But I did enjoy it, even if it was a bit weird. I definitely want it on DVD now, to shed some more light on the (many) bits that I did not understand!  I'm not a fan of Matt Damon (Loki), he generally annoys the hell out of me, so that was one bit of the film I didn't like. Ben Affleck (Bartleby) was cute though - especially when he was angry! They play the good angel/bad angel, constantly switching back and forth.  There are a few familiar faces in this, apart from the obvious - George Carlin (Bill & Ted - rock on dudes!), the chain-smoking girl from Romy & Michele's High School Reunion, Jay & Silent Bob, Chris Rock (Rufus), Salma Hayek (Serendipity) and Alan Rickman. The latter was definitely brilliant, so sarcastic! Jay & Silent Bob just have to be in every Kevin Smith film, and they totally remind me of the guys from Wayne's World (watch out for the bits in the car). I wasn't keen on them, although Silent Bob plays a great part, and manages to make up for what he doesn't say, with facial expressions etc. He was so funny! There are two classic lines in this film. Ben's "Do I come across as gay? and Alan Rickman's "If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing about. So true!  I thought this was along the lines of The Prophecy, although better! Also, watch out for the toilet scene - similar to the one in Trainspotting, but much, much worse! Being a film mainly about religion, there's quite a lot to take in, but it is easy to follow. The story also makes you think, especially what Rufus says about Mary & Joseph. A lot of the stuff went straight over my head, due to not being in any way religious myself, but I know the basics. The Apostles etc, didn't make any sense to me, but maybe would to others, who know all this stuff. I did enjoy this film, and would highly recommend it to anyone. I'll definitely be keeping my eye out for the DVD, with plenty of extras, which explain the film more in-depth, and a commentary.  Oh, and the end credits are great, although they were severely truncated by watching it on TV. And God is a woman? Something we women have known for a long time!
 I rented this mainly to see what all the Catholic backlash was about, fully expecting to be majorly offended.  But, surprisingly, I rather liked it  -- although I really don't understand why Hollywood always assumes that angels constantly spout bad language.  Still, I was surprised by the level of theological/philosophical discourse between Matt Damon and Ben Affleck (the fact that it was those two made the exchanges even funnier since it seemed so incongruous).   The weakest part, IMO, was the ending.  Alanis Morrisette played God as a sort of semi-retarded child, and things just got a tad silly.  But all in all, if you have any taste for the metaphysical, it is an interesting diversion (and not nearly so anti-Christian as I was led to believe).
 Plot is cute.. two angels, need to go back to heaven.. they'll be destorying mankind in the process. A fantasy. The readers of  Fool On The Hill  would find some similarity to the movie's character - it's a  well entertaining story, a few comic lines (not ones that would make you  fall to the ground holding your about-to-burst tummy), but you don't really  connect. That's the movie's main problem, in my opinion, lack of  authenticity. However, one may find an interesting theological concept, as  to whether or not the catholic church ruins belief with its harsh policy.  Better rent it. Don't spend your money on it unless you've fallen in love  with it.
 This movie is not Kevin Smith's finest hour.  Let me just say that as a lapsed Catholic, this movie isn't particularly insulting--although I remember the protests outside theatres.  The problem with it is that it just isn't very FUNNY.  The high point of the film is Smith regular Jason Lee (notably of  Chasing Amy  as Ben Affleck's homophobic co-worker) as a Satan type.  The problem with this movie is that it needs to go bigger and really lampoon organized religion, or it needs to tone it down.  Instead, it's stuck in neutral, with the viewer wondering when it's all going to end. Admittedly, it's kind of fun to watch Ben Affleck and Matt Damon play angels who have fallen from grace, who try to get through a heavenly loophole to regain their wings.  But that's too small a part of the movie to redeem it.  Plus the shootout at the end that finally brings these two devils down is gross--as is the--er--monster that emerges from the toilet to try to stop our protagonists. This isn't an awful movie.  Let's just say that renting  Chasing Amy  and  Clerks  would be time better spent.
 I'm a big Kevin Smith fan, and this movie is good based on the fact that he did it alone, but frankly after his brilliant first three films this one was a bit of a letdown. The hilarious dialogue that I loved in his other movies just seemed to be missing in this one, and the plot was also a lot more serious than the dysfunctional love stories of the first three. However, there were funny moments in the film (Affleck and Damon were great as the two angels), and Jay &amp; Silent Bob were awesome as usual, its good to see them featured this much in the movie. However, if you liked this film, check out Clerks, Mallrats and Chasing Amy and see just how much better Kevin Smith really gets.
 The premise was pretty good, but that's as far as it went
 After thoroughly enjoying Kevin Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy, I had high hopes for Dogma.  The media played up the supposedly inflammatory content of the film and every Catholic film group on Earth seemed eager to bash Smith's effort.  The cast, while not a dream match-up, certainly offered an intriguing ensemble too. As for the story?  Well, it's a cute tale of two angels banished from heaven and now on their way to slip through a supposed loophole in God's laws which will allow them to return home.  Fiorentino, the insufferable Rock and Silent Bob and Jay travel to the same spot, a church, to keep the angels from underminding God and supposedly all creation.  Good enough premise but really what makes the film enjoyable, as with all Smith movies, is the sparkling dialogue.  Sharp and biting, his lines can often be music to the ears.  Smith turned his attention on the church and he does a fine job of pointing out silly hypocrisies in the Catholic Church and its dogma.  Smith delivered on many fronts, while backsliding on others.  His humor has the a unique ability to be both crude and insightful.  Unfortunately a few portions of this film, specifically the feces-based monster were a bit too sophomoric.  But the vast majority of the film's humor shows Kevin is building and growing beyond his start in the often funny though very teen-pleasing Clerks.   His casting unfortunately played against the film.  I've read that Jason Lee was to play Affleck's sidekick angel but a scheduling conflict kept that from becoming a reality.  I must say the film suffers because of this.  Rather than Lee's standout, wonderful delivery the film is burdened with Matt Damon's lack of any screen presence or characterization.  He's Good Will Hunting, the boring angel from my nightmares.  Additionally, putting Chris Rock in a film (even the otherwise excellent Nurse Betty) should now be grounds for the public flogging of a director.  Rock speaks each line as if doing a standup routine.  He's about as natural as polyester.  And about as interesting too.  Salma Hayek continues to enforce the stereotype that acting and beauty are not synonymous (thank heavens for the Cate Blanchetts of the world).  Lee, sadly, is stuck in a woefully underwritten role as a demon fixing to help the angels beat God. But, the film does have some sparkling performances.  Alan Rickman, one of the underappreciated actors of the past few decades does a terrific job, bringing the kind of wit and verve he usually delivers in his performances (not quite as good as his Alexander from Galaxy Quest or even near Hans Gruber in Die Hard).  Fiorentino does a fine job as the reluctanct abortionist world-saver.  Silent Bob (Smith) and Jay (Mewes), as usual continue their foul-mouthed Laurel and Hardy routine (or are they Penn and Teller?). Affleck does a serviceable job but really shows that since Chasing Amy, he's really got little to offer as an actor. Dogma's a fine film and worth the laughs, but it's certainly not controversial or in any way dangerous to the church.  Smith has good pointsto make, even if he does so with a preachy style.
 i really liked this movie, it was funny and had action. but no drama, well some drama. this did get good ratings in the theaters and i understand those ratings but i think my ratings make more sense. bye
 "Live or die. Make your choice. - Jigsaw lays down the law in "Saw  Carey Elwes, Danny Glover, & Monica Potter star in this semi-thriller that has some lukewarm twists, but, comes off as another rip-off of "Se7en".  Dr. Lawrence Gordan awakens to find himself barefoot and chained to outer piping in a disgusting, & decrepit men's room, with no recollection of how or why he got there. He isn't alone as he discovers Adam, a young man in the same predicament as Gordan  sitting in the opposite corner of the room. But, worst of all is, in the center of the room a dead male face down in its own pool of blood with a gun in one hand and micro-cassette player in the other.  After some clue searching, both men discover that there the pawns of a deadly game orchestrated by a serial killer who has a penchant for playing twisted games, in which he is the only winner. This particular game has Dr. Gordan killing Adam and going free. But, if Gordan doesn't kill Adam by 6 P.M., his wife & daughter will be slaughtered and Gordan will rot in his chains until his death. With time winding down to the dinner time hour, its up to Dr. Gordan to figure a way out and save everyone from certain death.  "Saw is one of those films that tries to scare, disturb, &  offend at the same time, but comes up short in each category. The film won't have you losing sleep over it & it's nothing to write home about. There are a few good shots in the film though. The twisty ending is okay, too.  Carey Elwes gets the wussiest performance of the year as the shackled doctor. By the time he gets to do some fatal cutting, I could care if he lived or died, with the all the crying & whimpering that carried on. Danny Glover channels the dark side of Roger Murtaugh, the cop he played in the "Lethal Weapon quadrilogy & his performance isn't near as menacing enough as the characters he portrayed in "The Color Purple & "Witness". Monica Potter is window dressing at best with a decent fight scene at the end.  "Saw is a decent enough time passer (catch it when it hits HBO), but it just doesn't have enough teeth.
 i've been waiting a long time to see this movie. well i just went and saw it but i was about as satisfied as when you order a pepperoni pizza and get it with no cheese. i thought the storyline was phenomenol, the acting was good although i think dr. gordons character by the end will have some audiences laughing, but the ending leaves you knowing that it was just for shock value.  Spoilers ahead!!  at the end of this movie we find out that the killer was just another pawn to the real killer. but then we have to find out who that killer was. i think that the ending should have just been left at that and let the audience make up their own suspects  just a thought.
 Two men wake up chained to pipes in a decrepit subterrenean chamber - left with them are instructions from the infamous serial killer known only as "Jigsaw who wants one of them to shoot the other. They only have hours to do this and if they don't, they both die. Left with them in the room are two hack saws - too weak to cut through chains, but strong enough to cut through flesh and bone.  If it wasn't for SEVEN then this movie wouldn't exist. It's a good psychological thriller only let down by some bad acting and crummy dialogue.
 SAW.  First of all, let me get this out in my opening. This isn't my normally preferred style horror flick. I enjoy films ala Event Horizon or Hellraiser (I and II) much more.  This movie does very well keeping you guessing. Not until the very end does it reveal its cards. For that it kept my attention from stem to stern.  The style of the movie - some of the quick cuts and shifting around in the story. They did it well for what they were trying to go for. For that, I'm not critical. Its just not my favored way to tell a story. I understood the story with no problems. I'm just no fan of "flashback sequences when they are overused.  The writers do a good job playing on our fears of confinement.  That dirty, nasty bathroom was a perfect scene to augment those fears.  Overall, its a decent movie. A creative style killer who doesn't kill you, but mindf*cks you forcing you to do something that sickens you to live - I found that refreshing. The ending is most definetly not a "feel good type either. For that it wins points too. I hate cliche endings that are too safe.  My only knocks against it story could be bit jarring the way it was constructed. However, for its creativity and willingness not to cop for the crowd pleasing end. This one gets a rental recommendation from me.  *** 1/2
 Why? That is my question. Why did they have to take a perfectly good horror film and tack on an arbitrary twist at the end that negates everything that went before it. Why? Saw had so much promise all throughout, and, if done right, the ending could have tied it all together and really delivered a message, but instead, the ending essentially throws everything out the window in favor of tricking the audience. Sure, all of the self-contained plot elements might make sense, but the resolution completely ignores all logical character motivations. This is not to say that Saw isn't a disturbingly scary movie for most of its length, but, jeez, why?  The film opens in a disgusting bathroom that you can almost smell through the screen, where Adam (Leigh Whannell, who also wrote the screenplay) and Lawrence (Cary Elwes) wake up to find themselves chained at the foot on opposite sides of the room, and, oh, there's a dead man lying in between them. They quickly intuit that this is not good, and Lawrence, a doctor, conveniently has a good idea of who has captured them here, because he was once a suspect. It seems there is a serial killer on the loose, but this killer does not technically do any killing himself; he cleverly finds ways to allow his prey to kill themselves.  And so the killer has given Lawrence an ultimatum
 A well thought out little horror story with a great look for the budget and timeframe in which it was shot.......... the only negative drawback ?  The 2 actors.  Whenever the movie reaches a point where the terror/tension is reaching a peak, the 2 actors come across as comical and humorous instead of scared and terrified. One gets the impression the 2 main actors kept laughing while doing the most horrifying scenes and the director/editor had to finally give up and splice together the scenes where they seemed to be cracking up the least.  My wife for example kept asking me.... "Do you think they wanted this to be dark humor or something ? I replied "No.. the actors are trying to act extremely terrified, they just can't pull it off and come across like they are doing a spoof  If you overlook those acting ability limitations...the whole film as a package is well done.  At least I stayed awake thru this film unlike the horribly boring and overated "GRUDGE", which I have no idea how anybody finds interesting.
 ...to make a film more horrifying and gripping than it actually is. First off, let's get something straight. Saw is NOT a horror film. It's a thriller. Horror films, by definition, involve the supernatural. Everyone got that clear?  As far as the movie itself, Yes, it's bloody and a little shocking here and there, but as a whole, Saw is as lukewarm as the water in the tub. That the plot is a piece of Swiss cheese is secondary. The movie's biggest problem is the acting. Both Whannell (who should really stick to writing and let attempting to act go) and Elwes shamefully overact, chewing scenery almost non-stop. Even more maddening, when Elwes stops chewing, he underacts, as if he's reading from a cue card. He was always an average actor at best, and pretty much destroys any credibility he ever had here. Danny Glover looks like someone drugged him to do the film. The worst performance I've ever seen him turn in. And, a lot of the rest of the cast is mediocre, too. As far as the story goes, well... it's a movie. The problem is, if Wan and Whannell (sounds like a comedy team) would've tried to make the screenplay smoother, and Wan himself stopped trying to be so damn "I went to film school artistic with all the unnecessary (they add exactly zero to the film) speed-ups and weird angles, this might've been a far more shocking and engrossing film. As it stands, far too may holes and unexplained or undeveloped areas. Overall, it's just weak. Finally,in a movie like this, when one of the major premises is gore, why not go for the whole thing instead of cutting away? Yet another example of a potentially terrifying,lasting film botched by poor handling. Makes you wonder what another director and writer might have done with it. Let someone who knows how to see Saw. See?  PS
 Initially I will admit that I had no desire whatsoever to watch 'Saw'. My expectations were that it was going to be nothing more than just another one of those splatter films whose sole aim was to nauseate and repulse the audience.  Miracle of miracles, I happened to be wrong. While the gore element is there, for the most part it is an anticipated horror more than an actually realized one (at least by today's standards). For most of the film the terror and dread is psychological in nature and proceeds from an intelligent storyline and a thought-provoking script which dialogues with the audience on such concerns as the nature of life, death and what a person would be willing to do to retain ones life.  For me what really makes the film work is the protagonist nicknamed Jigsaw. While his actions are indeed horrific and grotesque his reasoning comes across as rational, his goals subtle and his attention to detail flawless. Well worth a watch, or two.  My Rating
 I'LL BE GLAD WHEN SAW 4 AND 5 IS A CHEAP ER DEAL AND SAW 3.
 This movie was creepy, shocking, and finally, gross.  It was ok..However, although there are other SAWs out there, for me, one was enough.
 We heard about this movie and ordered it to watch on Halloween. Our plans was to pop some popcorn and watch Saw. Forget about eating while watching this show. If you like bloody shows with body parts cut off you will love this movie. Myself I don't care for it.
 Not a review but a question. Does this work on UK Playstations as only SAW III is available on Region B for some reason?
 i thought that it was going to be more bloody than the SAW movie was. It was or at least I didn't think it was. The only cool thing was the case that the movie came in. the front is like a bag of some sort with blood in it and a jigsaw that floats around. really cool. not sure if it's worth the exact money for this version of the dvd.
 `Saw' is a delightful movie to review, as it is such a mix of both good and poor qualities that it is a challenge to weigh them against one another to see what comes out ahead. For the impatient, I will say that I think the two cancel one another out in weighing the overall quality of the movie; however, the interesting aspects make the movie worth seeing and buying, in spite of the negatives.  The first and most important positive for a horror film is the visceral reaction of the viewer. Did the movie scare, frighten, or cause mad dashes to the bathroom to clean out soiled underpants? The answer to this question for me is a tentative yes, but only with regard to a single, minor character, where the movie played the `Aliens' / `The Exorcist' card which put a child at genuine risk, not the supernatural, kinda spooky, kinda neat type of menace of `Poltergeist'. So my score on this point is positive.  A second important positive for a horror film is the inventiveness of the threat. `Halloween' scores big on this point with its creative minimalism of a psychopathic stalker with a blank, white mask. This is in strong contrast to a lot of more elaborate scare scenarios done up until `Halloween' was made, whereupon everyone copied John Carpenter's idea. Another prime example among `B' movies is '28 Days Later' which changes the rules about how zombies are expected to act. It doubles its impact by adding a twist to the behavior of a group of survivors which seems to be making a psychological statement not unlike the classic `Lord of the Flies' survivors novel. My favorite example from A list movies is the nature of the threat in `Alien'. The object lesson here is to be sure to hire a great graphic artist when you design your monsters.  The seemingly most striking original element of `Saw' is the fact that the perp is not literally killing the victims himself, he is putting them in situations where they do things which leads to their killing themselves, or at least failing to find their way out of a trap before the trap is sprung and they are killed by the environment created by the perp. While this is the element of originality explicit in the movie, this story line may not be quite as original as the authors would have you believe. There is a strong similarity between the fate of the victims in `Saw' and the way in which the murders are done in `Seven'. In both cases, the scenario in which the vics die is connected to perceived past sins. And, the deaths in `Seven' are to some extent a result of the victims' own actions.  The truly more original aspect of `Saw' is that it is laid out very much like an adventure video game, where progress or even survival is based on solving puzzles. Clues are doled out by a very stingy puzzle master and they are generally couched in riddles, so we double the fun by making one answer one puzzle to get the clues needed to solve the next puzzle. The frustration in seeing the nested puzzles, yet you are stuck at the first step. Reminds me of the frustration of trying to find my way into the Underground Empire in `Zork I'. I must also say that most of the perils created by the perp win points for originality. These add to the dangers to those among us with weak bowels.  The biggest question for the audience is for how long does the filmmaker maintain the suspense for the viewer? The answers to some of the puzzles are evident to the audience long before they dawn on the characters, partly because the producers let the cat out of the bag for at least one major piece of business in their promotional material. The writer did manage to keep the identity of the ultimate perp hidden until the very end of the movie, largely by presenting us with a fairly transparent red herring that kept our attention diverted from the real puzzle master.  Weighed against these positives is a rather serious list of negatives beginning with the question of whether the two main characters would really behave as they did in the movie if they were presented with their situation. I think the initial panic is real enough, but I think the writer does not give enough credit to the problem solving abilities of a normally intelligent person, and at least one of the two principals is a highly educated surgeon. I really suspect that with the tools at hand, the two principle vics would have been a lot more clever in being able to free at least one, so he could go get help. As evidence of this, I offer the resolution to a similar problem in Stephen King's novel `Gerald's Game'.  If you resolve the improbabilities, you are left with some bad writing for the roles of the police detectives working this case, lead by Danny Glover. The glaring contrast between Glover in this movie and Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman in `Seven' makes my point better than anything else I can say. This is not Glover's fault, except in the fact that he decided to play this weak role to begin with. I am inclined to say that the movie would have been much better if the roles of Glover and his partner had been eliminated or minimized. The movie makers probably felt they needed the detectives' business to have someone to chase perps and take bullets from the potential perp and from booby traps, since the two main characters are trapped inside their own personal dungeon. The cops also introduce scenes from past perp scenes that fill out the way in that our perp works and thinks.  The movie does not live up to its hype, but it is worth a good chill.
 Ask anyone about `Saw' and you'll get the same answer. "It was like `Se7en' but not as good.  `Saw' is only similar to `Se7en' in that they fall into the same genre of Serial Killer Thriller. But plot wise I'd compare it closer to `Usual Suspects.' Both stories are non linear. The plots are told from different points of view and through flashbacks, creating a very complex edge of your seat thriller.  The plot
 Oh, what this movie could have been.  I don't think the directing or acting was that bad.  But the script was too generic.  A little research was needed.  Let me explain
 I went to "see saw", simply because I am a huge elwes fan. I haven't always liked every film he's been apart of, but all in all he's very dependable. After reading the reviews of several critics and balancing whether or not I should spend the twenty bucks, I sauntered into the theater with low expectations. Frankly, I was pleasantly surprised.  Saw opens with two men in complete darkness. Only their voices are heard, as they figure out a way to turn the lights on. It takes a little courage to start a film this way. No explosions. No endless galaxies. Darkness and two voices. That drew me in pretty quickly. Then, once they take that step, the film begins.  Saw is not perfect. Is any film? It has dozens of puzzles that unfold at exactly the time the plot deems it necessary. Yes, it feels sometimes forced. To me it felt like a train ride, you know its always going to go in one direction, but as long as you reach the destination, no one cares. I didn't. I just sat there, allowed the film to have its way with me, sipped my pibb, then walked away with a grin. It does touch on other films like se7en, which is sitting on my shelf right now, but if it wasn't made, would we still be bashing Saw? Also a key difference is in this we get to see the actual events, rather than the aftermaths. Also, you cannot guess the ending before it comes. Its near impossible. Yes, that's a challenge.  I am going to conclude on this. I do recommend Saw, simply because it has managed to do something very few films have accomplished. It has a secret. A one million dollar budget. That is unheard of! It continues the trend of low-budget, independant films that are sweeping the globe in massive success. Saw has earned nearly 72 million dollars world wide. I say congratulations to all envolved, and cudos on making something out of nothing.
 Two men wake up in a scuzzy and awful looking bathroom with chains and ankle bracelets on them attached to pipes. They dont know why they are there until they find 2 tapes and a recorder on a dead guy in the middle of the room. So, there's a sadistic loony killer called The Jigsaw Killer out there who loves to play games with his victims and has them play in dangerous scenarios involving barbwire, bear traps and fire. Soon. Doctor Gordon, played by Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride, Robin Hood Men In Tights) and the other man Adam, played by Leigh Whannell (Razor Eaters, Matrix Reloaded) ,find out why they are there....they find 2 saws and to get out they  cant saw threw the chains, but their legs to get loose. In the same vein as SEVEN. Who doesnt want to see Cary Elwes, Westley from Princess Bride, saw his foot off? That scene of superbly done, the music was just right and the ending was what got me...totally didnt see that coming. Also starring Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon movies), Tobin Bell (Black Mask 2, The Firm) Monica Potter (Tv's Boston Legal, Con Air), Benito Martinez (Tv's The Shield), Shawnee Smith (Saw 2, Tvs Becker), Dina Meyer (Saw 2, Starship Troopers) and Ken Leung (Rush Hour, Keeping The Faith). Dina Meyer and Shawnee Smith also star in Saw 2 as the same characters...Tobin Bell as well too
 This movie doesn't have much to offer. It's typical horror, psychological stuff that will either thrill you or leave you wondering why you even bothered to rent it. And one shock (which happens in the end) doesn't make up for a mediocre movie. The characters don't learn anything about themselves, the "killer's (he's more like a puppermaster) motivation lacks depth, and his choice of victim is screwy with what motivation we do get. This movie is just, well, stale.  So Adam and Lawrence wake up in a dirty bathroom, each chained to pipes on opposite sides of the room with a guy who has blown his head off laying between them. They don't remember how they got there, nor do they know why they of all people were so unfortunate as to end up in a smelly, disgusting bathroom. Lawrence thinks he knows who did it-- the same guy, known as the jigsaw killer, who had killed (or rather set up his victim's to kill themselves) several people. We learn that Lawrence was a suspect. Anything of importance about Adam, Lawrence, and the killer, are revealed in a series of flashbacks. It's a tad confusing, but it's all sorted out in the end. And the final shock is actually pretty good. I didn't see it coming.  This movie is just under par in terms of character. I really want to see a horror movie that has a killer with awesome motivation and victims who use their heads instead of machetes to discover the mystery murderer. If Lawrence had thought about the situation a little more, he would've concluded that sawing his foot off (yes, he does that, and it's cringe-worthy) was a bad idea. Not a bad movie, not a good movie, just a typical Saturday night horror flick. Better than other horror films that have come out recently though. House of Wax, anyone?
 i just got back from my manager's house, and he already has this dvd. i'm not saying how he got it, but he has it already.  anyway, i watched this movie in the theater and left unhappy.  it has a decent flow, except for the parts where the camera gets hyperactive and crappy rock music blares for no real reason.  if it weren't for the stupid camera and crappy music, i would rate this movie higher.  don't believe me?  watch it, then you will see that i'm right.  the dvd is a pretty good deal.  possibly even worth buying for real slasher fans.  it comes in a cool case, but sadly the disc isn't really a saw...  okay, if you haven't seen the damn movie, here's the plot...the whole thing
 1. Saw is one of the early blu-ray releases, so it's a single-layer (25GB) disc. It uses a high bit-rate MPEG2 encoding, which just can't keep up with some of the finer details and fast camera moves. As such, it looks a little better than what you would see on your HD satelite service.  2. While the DTS-ES track is nice, it's still lossy audio. Given how dialogue driven this film is, this isn't too big of a deal.  If this bluray is on super-sale (&lt;$8), and you LOVE the film, go for it. Otherwise, I would just record it on your DVR from whatever satelite/fiber HD service you have and watch that until a re-issued bluray with VC-1 and DTS-HD master audio comes out.
 Director
 Audiences are jaded, especially horror fans, so it's extremely hard in this day and age to make a truly disturbing film on either the visual or plot levels without coming across as trying to hard. This film skates the edge of "trying to hard", and in my opinion falls on the side of genuine. What I like is that this film is stepping in the right direction, away from teen horror flicks and the "I'm a ghost and didn't know it flicks that seem to dominate the genre. One of this films strengths is that most of it plays out in a minimal environment, much like Reservoir Dogs, which places the focus of the suspense and horror on the character's actions, and helps keep the jump scares to a minimum. Like in Se7en, what is disturbing in this film is the choices the characters make and why, not just the environment they are in like in the Dawn of the Dead and Texas Chainsaw Massacre remakes. I also think that most of the devices and situations are believable if not original. What I don't like is the reliance on the "who dun it/surprise ending which I feel is five years past overdone and boring. The film could have cut the last three minutes of revelation and been much stronger and might have earned the accolades it's been airing in it's TV and radio ads about the killer being placed next to many of the horror icons of the past thirty years. At the end of the day this film feels a lot like Se7en, but then that's not such a bad thing.
 Saw was interesting.  I think I was expecting a more senseless out-and-out gore fest and while it is gorey, it pretends to have higher aspirations.  That is actually what kind of diminsihed the film's fun factor for me.  The whole theme about appreciating life, the cat and mouse intrigue were fine - actually it then raised my expectations for the film.  The problem is that after that, the script gets a little sloppy.  The ending is quite frustrating and just a little too silly given the greater depth they had hinted at earlier.  Some fine scary moments and supsense are guaranteed however.  Elwes' real accent keeps slipping out toward the end as his anger and fustration mount and numerous folks have pointed out the kill-him-while-you-have-him gaffe that occurs multiple times.  Both annoying factors as the film moves along.  Still, it can be a fun ride for thriller people.
 I really didn't know what to expect when I saw this movie.  People tried to explain it to me, but they couldn't really convey in normal conversation the true twisted plot of this movie.  Two guys are chained in a disgusting bathroom together, and they have to crack clues and solve some pretty twisted puzzles to prove that they want to stay alive.  Supposedly these guys don't know each other...or do they?  During the movie, you may THINK you have it figured out.  I don't know if the writers make it seem incredibly predictable on purpose...or if it kind of just happened.  It's hard to tell.  Once I DID think that I had it figured out...I thought that would either be a really incredible plot twist or a SMASHING surprise ending.  The movie doesn't really satisfy in that way.  There is a plot twist and a surprise ending, but it's only mildy entertaining. What I did like about this movie was the incredibly twisted and wierd mind of this serial killer...and the stomach churning gory scenes.  It truly entertains for the "Seven lovers in us.  For a low-budge movie, Saw isn't half bad.  There ARE better movies for those of us that enjoy this kind of thing, but it's worth giving Saw a watch if even for the sh-t's and giggles.
 It was a decent horror movie. I psyched myself out for this disgusting amazingly scary film, but i completely over-psyched myself. This is a grade C mystery, not a gory horror movie. The acting was incredibly cheezy, and there was nowhere near the amount of terror i expected. There were no parts in which i jumped, no parts where i grabbed my stomach in disgust. HOWEVER
 Saw is a movie that starts out stylish and smart and gets silly and dumb before it ends. When watching the beginning and middle I thought "how could Richard Roeper call this one of the worse movies of 2004". Then as it gets closer to the end I thought "ok I get it now, that's why". Carey Elwes (Kiss the Girls) gives about the same bad performance that Kim Basinger did on Cellular. It's overly dramatic and just laughable. Still entertainly laughable at least.    Anyway the movie is about a killer who gets people to kill themselves trying to escape. They are people who have wanted to kill themselves and he gets them to fight to try to live. The movie is entertaining through-out even if it does lose it's touch a little at the end. It starts out as a good mystery/horror film and becomes just  laughably bad entertaining at the end.  Still it is a lot better than most recent horror films that came out recently.
 It's a shame that every single producer passed on this film in Austalia. The Australian film industry is primarily concerned with cultural identity, therefore it tends to overlook minor details such as profitability. This is not a brilliant film, but it is good and it has made a ton of money. All of Whannell's influences are transparent, which is not necessarily a bad or good thing.  I have a  sneaking suspicion that the idea for the film could have been inspired by the final scene of Mad Max where Johnny has the option of sawing his leg off or dying, because I know Whennell a big fan of The Road Warrior.
 This film could have been so much better. As a die hard horror fan I thought this movie had a lot to offer. The story although it borrowed from Seven was still fairly interesting, and the mood was very creepy. The acting however, particulary in the last act falls completely apart. In the theater everyone started laughing that's how bad it got. It's really a shame though, this one had potential. A true blue horror film with an R rating and no cutesy teens. I've heard that much of the acting sucked because the budget didn't allow for any second takes and most of what made it into the film were more like practice takes than real takes. It's really a shame that a jackass like Michael Bay can secure millions for junk like Pearl Harbor and Armageddon, and the creators of Saw couldn't even finish their movie the right way.
 I really liked the premise of this movie and understand why it spawned a sequel, but what about that terrible acting!?!  Everyone in the movie seemed to be 'phoning in' their performance.  This movie was fairly original and disturbing, but just think how good it could have been.
 It was a geneously nerve pinching movie, acting was tiring at times but Leigh Whannell's performance in the last two minutes of the film was orgasmic, you can't beat seeing that kind of true-intense fear on a cute guys face. I would recommend it to a select audience but enforce the fact that it's a good nighttime movie. You aren't afraid of the dark are you?
 This was a fun movie to watch, except maybe for the scenes with the annoying split second MTV editing.  The suspense builds throughout the movie and the death scenes are fairly chilling.  The ending is somewhat disappointing... It was the old "last minute surprise twist ending that has been overused since season 2 of Scooby Doo.  I also felt it owed a bit too much to Seven, which is a superior film.  I noticed some reviewers complained about Cary Elwes' over the top performance... While I agree that it was over the top, I don't think it took anything away from the movie.  I felt that it even provided a little bizarre comic relief (especially towards the end).  I'm glad I saw it.  It was a nasty little serial killer movie with an above average plot and execution.  I don't think it's fair to say it's on the same level as "Silence of the Lambs or "Seven".  However, it is in the same genre as those films.  It has more of a raw, dark psychological thiriller feel, as opposed to straight horror (like "Henry
 Actor-writer Leigh Whannel stars with Cary Elwes and Danny Glover in this horror-thriller in the vein of Seven. Newcomer James Wan takes on the directing duties for this ambitious, but flawed film called Saw. Financed by Lions Gate Films which is quickly earning the reputation for taking chances on small, low-budget horror films that other major studios and their independent house won't touch.  Saw succeeds in creating a palpable dread and tension as the character of Adam (Whannel) and Lawrence (Elwes in scenery-chewing mode) wake up with no memory of how they got into chained-up in adingy and dimly lit shower room. Slowly the two characters try to figure out why they've been chained into pipings in the room. Soon ehough a tape recorded message informs them of the situation they're in and all of it due to demented criminal who the press and the police have dubbed Jigsaw. The premise of their incarceration is simple. Jigsaw wants them to play a game where they must find clues and tools hidden around the room and escape from just in time to save Lawrence's wife and daughter. This premise and the reasoning as to why they must play this game is one of this film's strong points, but it also becomes one of its flaws as the Whannel overwrites the dialogue into trying to explain everything through the Elwes character. Whannel as a writer doesn't seem to trust his audience to solve or even understand the premise and Jigsaw. Unlike Seven which gives just enough hints and clues for people to try and solve the problem, Saw pretty much tries to give everything away. Fortunately, the story in convoluted and twisty enough that the audience might be confused by the time Elwes character over-explains everything. Saw is the kind of film that surely would've benefitted from the concept of less is more.  The acting is average to say the least with Elwes chewing up every scene he's in. It's hard to gauge whether Elwes' performance was due to the pedestrian script he had to read from or if he thought that was what the character needed. Either way his character dominated the film even in scenes when he should've stayed in the background. Whannel as an actor is believable enough and probably a level better than as a writer. Though he was abit too subdued, but then that might've been due to the fact he had to act opposite of the over-the-top Elwes. Danny Glover makes an appearance as a burned-out cop whose earlier run-in with Jigsaw led to his partner's death and him scarred for life. Glover's seems to barely register in the film and his character seems abit tacked on to give the story an added dimension to make it complex. Horror films should really try to stay simple.  Saw does deliver in the gore department, but not overly much. It just had enough squirm-inducing scenes in the beginning, middle and end chapters to make the film worthwhile to fans of R-rated horror. This film will not be mistaken for one of the PG-13 Japanese ghost remakes of the last five years. As stated earlier this film owes alot more to Fincher's Seven than to Nakata's Ringu series. The quick frantic beginning makes way for a middle part where too much talking and not enough horror sequences. Fortunately, the pacing speeds up once more in the last 10-15 minutes as Jigsaw's game and manipulations come to a bloody and twisted end.  One thing to mention as a stand-out character even though he's only on the screen a limited time is the genre actor Tobin Bell who plays Jigsaw with a twisted sense of tragic nobility. As much as Jigsaw may be the demented creator of the game and trap Adam and Lawrence have been put in, it was very difficult not to admire Bell's character. He's not on par with Hannibal Lector, but he has that potential to be one of the classic cinematic villains.  In the end, Saw was a good enough horror movie for fans of the genre. Though casual horror fans may be more shocked with the film's scenes and premise than hardened horror-aficionados. Saw could've been very good or great if not for its overexplanation of everything going on in the scene and the average acting performance of most of the cast. Tobin Bell's performance being the only real highlight of the entire group. The ending of Saw seems well-suited for sequels. I wouldn't mind seeing what new complex game Jigsaw has in mind for a new set of unworthies.
 Can't believe I'm the first person to review this film... I really don't know what to think.  It's one of those movies that when it is over you think "now why didn't I pay more attention the first time.  Without giving the ending away I did wonder about this one character..... Don't think I'd ever watch it again.  Frankly I prefer Alfred Hitchcock's thrillers to this one.  Very gory and hard to follow the story line.  Probably this movie is for viewers under the age of 30 that are used to modern day gore.  Sorry!
 The movie did have a few good scenes, yet I found the ending unsatisfying and even disappointing and also, there are some obvious inconsistencies in the story line.
 Two men awaken to find themselves chained to thick metal piping at the opposite ends of an old abandoned bathroom. Adam (Leigh Whannell) is a photographer; Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes, The Princess Bride) is a surgeon. Both men have no idea how they ended up in this room together. Nor how a dead body laying between them got there. In the dead body's hands are a gun and a micro-cassette tape player.  They soon discover a micro-cassette tape in each of their pockets, and quickly uncover a creepy message that awaits them by their captor. The "jigsaw killer has caught them
 First off, I am a film maker, for the most part a horror/suspense film maker. I love when movies like "Saw are released simply because it gives a twist on todays film indistry. I must say, seeing the trailer for "Saw the first time, I thought it looked like another slash em up movie on a first date kind of level, but was I ever wrong! "Saw is an absolute miraclous film. I was amazed by it. In the beggining I admit it seems like a pointless reason to throw blood around, but give it time, it starts to get good and twisted fast. This was director James Wan's debut and I must say I am right proud of this young man. The movie is superb in every way except its acting. I'm sorry, I apoligiese to those who are true critics because the acting in this movie is not all that believable, yet the movie itself makes up for it. I would have to recomend this movie to every horror fan out there, but be warned, not for the faint of heart. But all in all you should find yourself guessing, sweating, breathing heavier, and wide eyed from first frame to the masterpiece of a twist. The best twist since "The Sixth Sense no lie. "Saw is a great film and if only its acting was imrpoved this would limp away with an easy **** 4 stars. From Horror/Suspense Writer/Director Matt M. Thank you.
 I originally bought the whole series for our son because he said Saw was a great movie.  I dont like "bloody movies but this does have plot.  More like a "moral of the story plot.  Teresa Kernersville NC
 I didn't know what to expect when I sat down to watch this infamous horror/gore movie. I can pretty much handle anything you can throw at me, but the title suggest I am going to see some really disturbing stuff! To my surprise, the movie has nowhere near the gore I thought it would have. This is a good thing and it is really more in the same vein as Se7en and Halloween etc. A good entry in the horror genre and much better than I expected. I liked the third installment, but I was not too impressed with the second one. If you must see a Saw then this is the Saw to see. ;-b
 ...but there was a healthy dose of suspense and enough twists to keep the viewer interested.  What loses me is the title and cover, which I thought conveyed a more demented body chopping scenario. I expected to see some serial killer sawing up his victims, but that's not what this film is about. The saw doesn't come into play until the end, after being introduced in the beginning, at which time we assume what it's final use will be anyway. Another title and presentation should have been used to correctly convey the films personality.  The saw is not the main focus, and certainly not the main tool of carnage in this clever film. Yes, I said clever. I cannot knock the originality, and freshness of this plot, but I think the title and cover do not do it justice. This is a great story with some good and bad acting, but overall a good thrill. It is deceiving. I'm actually surprised they made part two.  People may come away unhappy because they expected one thing based on the name and packaging, yet got something completely different.
 Saw is a pretty grotesque story yet had an intriguing story.  In the movie, Jigsaw kidnaps people and sets them up in things that force them to hurt themselves in order to escape, or else they die in some way.  The story of this movie is interesting, but it is pretty disgusting to me when the characters inflict pain on themselves.  That stuff just turns me off and I was very grossed out by this.  Other then that, if you don't mind that then you should like this movie a lot as it has a good story and a lot of gore.
 This is a solid-situation thriller as they call it. However, it isn't one in the strict sense of the term as much of the story occurs outside the bathroom where those two chaps are held captive. Of the two it is only Lawrence who is ordered to kill the other, Adam, thus robbing the film of all the psychological interplay that would occur between the two were Adam also  ordered to kill the other, Lawrence. True, I did find myself on the edge of the seat at times, but I found it a bit difficult to identify with this demented mastermind whose motive can only be described as "infantile", and it is for this reason that all this preaching about "how ungrateful we are of the blessings sounds decidedly hollow. This is in no way a bad film but I prefer Cube to this one as the Canadian thriller, based on the Cartesian/Kantian concept, has much more to offer both ethically as well as artistically.
 I expected this to be just another slasher film with unnecessary nudity and people running upstairs instead of down. But, it's actually nothing like that surprisingly. This is a fresh feel to a horror movie, probably seen before, but hasn't been done to death over the past few years.  The movie starts off a bit confusing, but you pick up on whats going on. It starts off showing the two main actors, already stuck in their prison that the villain has placed them in. They're locked in chains, have no idea how they got there and don't know what is going on. As it goes on, they find these sort of clues, and have to solve little riddles or something while a clock is running down. If they run out of time, pay the consequences. Also it follows a story of an ex-cop played by Danny Glover who is on the hunt for the "Jigsaw killer. During the movie there are flashbacks to things the main actors are remembering from their pasts, trying to remember how they got into the situation they are in, what they had heard, who they thought it was, who they where etc...  It's hard to say anything really without giving away the whole deal. So I'll just say, this an interesting movie because every-time you think you predict something, you don't! Plus it's interesting that the killers actions aren't murder, he puts his victim in a situation where if they want to live, they must make sacrifices to stay alive.
 It was pretty good.  I would consider it more of a gory thriller, rather than horror.  Nevertheless, an entertaining movie, definitely worth the watch.  But, as with most u.s./canada releases, this was not the 'real' movie you want to watch.  Unfortunately, the original had to be edited so it could go down from nc-17 to R rating...yes, it was originally that gory.  None of us in the u.s. got to see the original uncut version, and even worse, its not even available on dvd....stateside!!  Luckily, our mates in the uk DID get to see the uncut version in their theatres, and its also available on dvd (region 2, PAL).  This is the one that you guys wanna see, this was the one that was meant to be released originally
 Word of warning to start things off
 Overall Saw was a decent movie I just wish that the lead role would have been given to someone else, Carl just couldn't get that emotion across for some reason and it took something away from the movie.  The story and irony of of this film were great, it also had some pretty good gore along with some genuinly scary scenes,but,  HOLLYWOOD-KEEP CARL EWLES OUT OF HORROR/THRILLER FILMS!!!!!!
 Director James Wan and writer (and star) Leigh Whannel met each other at Australia, where they developed their friendship.  They established friendship there, and made this film, which has been picked up the marverick indie company Lions Gate Films for Holloween release.  Now, the premise is intriguing.  Two guys are chained (literally) to the walls of a filthy disused restroom, both apart from each other, and in between them lies an apparently dead body soaked in blood.  They cannot untie the chain, and the room is perfectly sealed.  It's the beginning of the game, set by the serial killer called 'Jigsaw.!  And two guys, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and Adam (Wannel himself) try to figure out how to get out of this place.  Obviouly the third person has hidden the clues there as to the escape, or the reasons for their predicament.  And they will see that if they fail to do something by the time appointed, they must stay there for the rest of their lives.  Intersting, isn't it?  The film often gives very intense moments (which include gore and violence) but the sad thing is that the script cannot hold the initial tension for long.  If you imagine the film like 'Cube' (in which the camera does not leave the cubic areas), you are mistaken, for the camera goes out of it, to show us other characters like Danny Glover's cop who chases the murderer, or Monica Potter as poor doctor's wife.  And that's the problem, for in spite of the occasional intense moments, the film fails to use its premise to the full.  It unwisely includes the incredible coincidences and unexplained (or inconvincing) motive of the character(s), especially that of the killer.  Frankly, I don't believe it.  Compared with this, the killer of 'Se7en' is more plausible.  Plus the opinions will divide about the ending, which is full of impact, I admit, but after a while you might start to think, 'Can this person really do that?' or 'Is this person (I mean, the killer) capable of doing that, chaining the two perfectly heathy guys?'  Sorry, but I don't believe that either.  Anyway, as a thriller, it is done with a certain flair for visuals, and the filmmakers' guts to tuckle the morbid material should not be dismissed.  But if you ask me whether or not 'Saw' deserves the extensive national release it will receive, I say, No.  It is good, just good.
 if gorey is what your looking for then this is it.  if plot is what your looking for then it seems like this movie is a lot like the plot of another by the name of "SEVEN  its not like a clone of SEVEN but in ways its the same.  i also hated the ending if you have one bullet you shoot the pad lock... duh
 The best thing about Saw is its premise. But if you're looking for Saw to be something beyond simply a creepy idea, you'll probably be disappointed.  The performances turned in by both lead actors are downright bad. Leigh Wannell, who co-wrote the script, should probably stick to writing as he fails to bring any real life to his character. Cary Elwes, who's been enjoyable when cast in lighter fare just can't pull off the level of emotion needed. His cries of "Allie? Allie!? should be gut wrenching. Well, they are, but for all the wrong reasons.  The film's twist ending is...well, interesting. It could have been good had it been written better, but as it is, it adds a huge number of holes to the plot. That said, if you're the kind of person who likes to shut off their brain entirely when watching a movie, you probably won't be troubled.  One positive about the movie is the competent direction of James Wan, who shows that he knows a thing or two about atmospherics. It's largely because of him that the film still engaged me with its creepiness, even when the wretched acting made me want to give up.  Overall
 Saw is a great movie, all the sequels can be skipped. However the video quality on the Blu-ray is pretty disappointing. Very grainy, never once really looked like a high-def video even in bright scenes. But what makes it even worse is that there are no extras whatsoever. No commentary, no deleted scenes, nothing besides some previews. Sad,sad,sad. At least it was cheap.
 I enjoyed the movie and if you did too, I would recommend reading books by Richard Laymon. In specific a book called In the Dark, but really any of his other books have the same kind of perverse twistedness of Saw.
 Good movie doesnt really get boring which is a good thing. But in a sense it is a bite off of "SEVEN and some other movie but i cant remember. I wont go into detail but, its an ok movie. Im a big fan of 70's and 80's horror some 60's a majority of my collection horror atleast is like I said 70' and 80's so alot of this new stuff does not appeal to me much, at all. I did buy it from best buy cause it was only $14.99 whcih is not bad and I will watch it again from time to time on rare occasion, i more or less really brought just because I like to collect DVD's and it is good enough to buy. If you want a movie with a similar plaot and IMO just way better ,Buy the movie "SEVEN which is one of the newer late 90 movies that i actually think is an excellentaction/thriller/horror.
 Saw functions on two levels, as a serial killer thriller and a psychological horror film. It achieves success in both areas, and is actually a good film that is not nearly as graphic as the trailers and the adverts might lead you to believe. While hardly a great movie, it is good for it's genre, and should appeal to it's fans.  The movie opens with two characters, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and nondescript young Joe-everyman Adam (Leigh Whannell), waking up in some dingy forgotten bathroom, chained to the walls with a dead body lying between them. We soon learn, well ahead of the main protagonists, that they are the victims of a serial killer known as "Jigsaw", known for his unusual MO of having his victims kill themselves somehow. To elaborate on that would be giving too much away. Both men discover that they are in danger, and they must work together to find their way out, otherwise Dr. Gordon's wife and daughter will die, and they will rot in their "prison". Added to the mix is the disgruntled cop (Danny Glover) who has personal reasons for finding the serial killer, who basically adds filler to the story that would otherwise be too short for a feature length movie. While Saw borrows from more prominent serial killer movies, especially Seven, it does have some unique twists and clever fright scenes. Where this movie really succeeds is in the visual atmosphere. The dank bathroom and the spooky interior settings make this movie very unsettling, while the more visceral horror works on a more psychological level.  Saw works on the whole, but it is not without flaws. For starters, a good plot doesn't necessarily mean a good script. The dialogue, written by star Leigh Whannell, it totally banal and stilted, and it makes the screenplay seem very much like the work of an amateur. Next, the acting is less than first rate. Whannell is not bad, but Elwes is definitely out of his element in this movie. While he is not known as great actor, he has done much better than this before. However, my biggest problem is with the Danny Glover character, the clich&eacute;d "bitter cop out for revenge subplot that has been done to death, and it adds nothing of value to this movie.  Despite it's shortcomings, Saw is an effective and compelling thriller that should satisfy most of it's audience. The premise of the story, coupled with the notable plot twists, save this movie from being just another serial killer rehash, and I would recommend it based on that alone.
 This film is certainly worth watching once, but it can be such a stomach churner that only the gnarliest gore hound might want to put this one in the must buy column.  A tightly spun story unfolds nicely through flashbacks and present tense with some solid acting in particular by Cary Elwes.  The ending for some might fall a little flat seeming a little forced, but the first 1 hr and 24 minutes is really good stuff, very twisted and original.  Thumbs up I just wonder if a little more production time might have improved the rushed tagged on twist ending that falls apart a little bit with some afterthought.  Still the best "new horror flick I have seen in awhile.
 As I'm going to have nightmares for the rest of my life.  Definitely the most traumatizing and sickest movie I have ever seen in my entire life.  Whomever the writer is, however, is a genius because he definitely gave us a lesson in a sick and twisted way.
 This movie was not that good.  It was ok...the premise was interesting, but the ending and the development left me wanting.  I for one didn't think Cary Elwes was that bad...I don't really look for horror movies to really have good "acting.  Danny Glover must have hit rock bottom or something by taking part in this project.  Anyway, I would wait until this movie is at Hollywood Video or something.
 Short and sweet. I knew what was going on before I got to the end but did not tell the person I was with so it does not count.    See if you can figure it out....so, from that point...yea....check it out but as for artistic capability, life enriching material or in thing other than blood guts and the endless insanity of Psychotic Killers either not on their medication or tired of prescribing it.......okay....give it a try.    I left feeling empty and dissapointed at the totality of all this suspense flop has to offer.    Although I will give it a thumbs up on blood and gore.
 Watching Saw, there's a feeling that this film could've been great but it never quite gets there and I can't seem to figure it out. Sure the acting is a little rough but it's a horror movie, not an Oscar contender. The film loses steam halfway through only to pick up at the end so it's not a thrill ride from beginning to end. It's got incredibly fast editing with a jerky image at times so it's obviously trying to make things more exciting than it needs too. But in the end it's a pretty satisfying film if you let it.  The film opens with an odd idea
 I prefer scary movies that are heavy on the suspense, light on the bloodshed, which is why I gave this movie 3 stars. This movie was very, very bloody. There were a couple of twists, to be sure, but I would say that the extreme grisliness outweighed the suspense.  "Saw made me think of a very long music video, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I did think that it borrowed a lot from "Seven", which starred Brad Pitt.
 This movie centers on the idea that most people take their lives for granted and don't care how they treat others or even themselves. But a new serial killer on the loose is trying to change their minds. The killer puts people in situations that require a major moral dilemma in order for them to live. Sadly, the actors in this movie don't seem to be able to portray any of their emotions on a convincing level and that takes away from the movie. It is still worth renting though and perhaps even seeing 'Saw II' which is coming soon to the movie theaters.
 Wow, I am surprised I could sleep well the night after I saw Saw... lol... I love the gore and the puzzle ideas. I sometimes sit alone and think of other puzzles that would be interesting to think about. I think that the ending was well thought out and wonderful. Twisted Pictures is so da bomb.
 Perhaps, Saw isn't a movie that I will add to my movie library any time soon.  Be that as it may, it no doubt asserts itself as a rather memorable movie nonetheless.  From the beginning, you are thrust into a sick milieu that will, if anything, grab your attention and not let go until the clever ending.  While not great by any stretch, Saw is most definitely worth a look for those who enjoy Seven and the like.
 I had a female friend who thought about seeing this movie at a theater near the beach.  The question was should she see Saw by the seashore?  Actually, beyond some puns, I'm not positive of the merit of this movie.  It is clever, probably too clever for its own good.  The story focuses on a serial killer who puts his victims in elaborate traps which over a minimal chance of escape.  Two men wake up to find themselves chained in a dingy bathroom in an abandoned building.  The only means of freedom are some rusty hacksaws which are just sharp enough to cut off a bound foot.  Through flashback, we are introduced to an obsessed detective who is pursuing this killer.  While bright enough to pick up tiny clues, he is also inept enough to wander into this genius killer's lair without a real plan or backup (beyond a single partner).  This allows the killer to get away and engineer his next trap.  Fortunately, there are not very many of these "dumb moments, and in reality, the biggest problem with the movie is its convoluted nature.  For most of the movie, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it or not, and knew it would come down to the inevitable final twist, which was neither good nor bad enough to generate any real reaction.  One mark of a good movie is when you forget you're watching a movie
 I was beyond interested in this film and got it right when it entered the video rental store. The entire film appeared to be so eeriee and I needed to know what was going on.  I must say this film was a heart- stopping thriller. They cut to the chase right at the beginning of the film with the main character Adam waking up in an old bathroom chained to a pipe and across the room from him is a doctor whom says he just woke up himself and he is chained to a pipe as well. In the middle of the floor between them is a corpse that shot himself. Which tells you whoever put them down there means lethal business. A series of clues they find in that one bathroom leads them to find out much about what is going to happen to them and it doesn't look good on either side. I won't give anything away because the movie is just full of surprises and the viewer should be as shocked as I was in every one of them.  Why this film is only given a three? Well in some parts of the film they really try to scare you by making some scenes go really quick and I found that a little tacky. At the end once more they gave you a cliff- hanger and like I mentioned probably in many films I don't really like that but the ending is really good and may I add nauseating because the doctor does something very horrific and I don't even want to think on it. You can see it for yourself. Just don't be eating dinner while watching it.  The gist of this film? You'll never guess the ending. You can sit here now and think on it as hard as I did throughout the movie but you'll never figure out the ending. It is beyond twisted and you'll just be sitting there at the end in deep shock. Obviously the ending proves there will be a sequel so do not worry- the shock will only grip us till the second comes out.
 So what is wrong with this movie? A gratuitous, if often successfully creepy exercise in sadomasochistic filmmaking, Saw features some of the worst acting I have ever seen in a mainstream film with an experienced cast. That is the film's undoing. Making something that could've been geniuinely creepy absolutely laughable! How far would you go to save your own life? Prepare yourself for a gut-wrenching trip into the heart of terror with SAW, Lions Gate Films' gripping horror film starring Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter and Leigh Whannell. Obsessed with teaching his victims the value of life, a deranged, sadistic serial killer is abducting morally wayward people and forcing them to play macabre games for their own survival. Faced with impossible choices, each victim must struggle to win back his/her life, or else die trying...A young man named Adam wakes to find himself chained to a rusty pipe inside a decrepit subterranean chamber. Chained to the opposite side of the room is another bewildered captive, Dr. Lawrence Gordon Between them is a dead man lying in a pool of blood, holding a .38 in his hand. Neither man knows why he has been abducted, but instructions left on a microcassette order Dr. Gordon to kill Adam within eight hours. If he fails to do so, then both men will die; Dr. Gordon's wife, Alison and his daughter will also be killed. Recalling a recent murder investigation by a police detective named Tapp Dr. Gordon realizes he and Adam are the next victims of a psychopathic genius known only as "Jigsaw. With only a few hours left to spare, they must unravel the elaborate puzzle of their fate in the midst of mounting terror. The killer has provided them with only a few clues and two handsaws - too weak to break their steel shackles, but strong enough to cut through flesh and bone...Director James Wan expertly spins this intricate tale, creating a chilling landscape of dread where nothing is quite as it seems. An edge-of-your-seat ride bristling with emotional intensity, SAW will keep you guessing until the very end. However an experienced horror veteran like myself found it a bit unoriginal, but it had the right idea, just not execiution.
 "Saw is a really creepy film that starts off creepy and ends creepy. The acting is good, until the doctor starts yelling out his wifes name too loud, then it gets hilarious. I cannot even remember the characters names, that is how unforgetable the characters were. The storyline, however, was the best part of the film. A murderer makes people go through obstacles that will end up the person in the predicament killing themselves just to survive. The film, though, was gross. An overweight man having to climb through a maz of barb wire. Then the detective later says, "It cut him so deep that we found traces of stomach acid on the floor. Nasty. The only character that I cared about was the doctor's wife and little girl because they did not deserve for that to happen to them. The doctor and the photographer who took pictures of the doctor were not the best characters, and the actor's who portrayed them did not do a good job. My favorite character, however, was the girl who had to cut the key out of a supposedly dead guys stomach to unlock the headset that was attached to her jaw. If she did not accomplish this, the headset was going to snap and break off her jaw, causing her death. The guy, though was not dead, and she had to murder him. It was extremely disgusting, though, when it showed her pulling out his intestines. At the end, though, the doctor has to cut off his foot to get away, and it even shows him start to cut. The murderer, though I will not give it away, was witty. I would have never guessed that it would be that person. The film, overall is getting three stars from me because the storyline was excellent, but I did not care if the main characters were to die or not. They were not that likable anyway.
 It's become very clear that hollywood has ran into a monster  creative wall. This movie is just trying to take advange of  another little "horror era that probably started with The  Ring a few years ago. This is a rather predictable movie as  even my moronic brother in law seen who the "killer was just  shortly after he appeared in the film.  The main focus on the movie is two guys with one being a  doctor and the other guy gets paid to snoop and take  pictures of other peoples business. The movie for the most  part goes for shock value. Not that I mind, but it's just  that the movie isn't as deep/dark and scary as it wants to  be. There are a few original ideas like "the head vice but  for the most part the movie just takes bits and pieces from  other movies of the genre and puts them together.  I'd have to say the acting is the worst. Cary Elwes is just  an aweful actor in this film. How could the director  allow  such pathetic work? Did Cary just come THAT cheap? Even  Danny Glover was bad in this one! It is sad because even  though it steals from other movies it could have been alot  better. The acting and bits in pieces seem abit to rushed.  And we can't forget the car scene. What's up with that?  As somebody said, why not just have a few cut scenes? It's  much easier and less annoying.  However, even with the bad acting and unoriginal ideas  even a poor mans Se7en is better than alot of movies in  this genre nowdays. You would probably be better off to  wait until this comes in HBO though. It simply isn't  worth the money. It will will help out a spoof movie in  the future though.
 This is another instance where hype leads to disappointment. Saw was a big "word-of-mouth film when it came out in theaters. It was supposedly "different". Not typical horror, more of a mix of twisted psychological horror, suspense, and whodunit. It wasn't a gore fest by any means (although it's pretty darn gruesome at times). And some people loathe it for that because they expected copious amounts of blood and gore, and Saw didn't really deliver that.  Its story and devices smack of "The Abominable Doctor Phibes", or the serial killer movie "Se7en ... even a scenario from "Suspiria is borrowed. "Saw plays with several genres including the detective story. It comes off at first viewing as engaging but truly it's not a fun movie by any means. Some horror movies are fun because they are truly scary and entertaining. Saw is not entertaining enough or truly scary; it's fairly suspenseful and feels tantalizing in its puzzles, but it needs more than that to succeed. But to be fair, when you consider that this was a low budget indy movie, its tremendous success is really impressive.  I'm not going to describe the premise or plot too much. Too many reviews for Saw start by saying "These two guys wake up chained to a pipe in a disgusting bathroom... and they begin to delve into a nutshell synopsis. You'll find out what it's about when you watch it.  Saw doesn't really quite know what it is, or what it wants to be. Is it a horror movie? Some say yes, others deny it vehemently. Yes, it's stylish enough (but sometimes the silly sped-up cinematography gets too obvious, like the film is trying hard to be cool), and the twisted scenarios that the psycho has dreamed up are pretty disturbing. But there seems to be not really enough meat here. When it's finished we are left feeling a bit empty... like what we just experienced was just an exercise in sadism, and not much more. And the entire story falls apart when carefully scrutinized. It's a bit disappointing when you see so much potential at the start, and then witness the movie fizzling/struggling until its surprise ending.  Bottom line
 I am not a fan of the slash and gore genre, but through some persuasion, my daughter got me to agree to watch Saw. Talk about quality time. It is a story of psychological and physical torture and is done reasonably well. It crosses back and forth between cheesy B movie and A material. The story of a pair trapped in disgusting and strange circumstances with the promise of release if one murders the other, it unfolds with a beautiful plot twist at the end. If you accept the premise it has gratuitous violence you can see past that to a well-crafted tale.  Cary Elwes has a bit of a time suppressing his English accent, and his acting is somewhat corny. But it adds to the effect that the movie is low budget and to the expectation of creepy and unexpected things. Danny Glover puts in a good performance as the crazed and monomanical cop.  I give three stars, meaning above average, because it has entertainment value and some elements of cinematic art.
 The challenge of making a convincing film is greatest for horror than for any other genre. It is no small task trying to legitimately engage and frighten audiences jaded by decades of mostly predictable and silly horror flicks. That "Saw comes so close to succeeding on these fronts speaks volumes for its unexpected quality. Surely this film suffers from the usual horror movie flaws
 SAW is a good thriller
 I went to see this in the theaters the opening weekend on Haloween this past fall. I'd have to say that this movie is false advertising. Haloween movies have always been cheesy and bloody and thats how I like them. I was expecting this kind of urban horror movie with all sorts of nasty violence/blood and a decent plot. Dont get me wrong- I'm not a sick f***, but sometimes thats the kind of movie i wanna see. This was a serious dissapointment. "Saw tried to pack way too much plot into 100 mins running time, confusing the hell out of me. The ending was absolutely awesome, it makes the experience not so empty and wasted.  If your looking for a gorefest, this aint it. Sure, it got an R in US 18A in Canada, but there's other horror movies at your local store that surpass this easily.If your looking for a movie to make you think, this aint it either. Confusing the viewer doesnt lead to thinking IMO.All in all, not what it tried to be or could have been. I honestly cant recommend this.
 The nature of human motivation has usually two different sources that elicit a certain behavior.  These sources are either extrinsic or intrinsic.  Intrinsic motivation stems from within a person while the extrinsic source is influence generated by someone or something else.  Whether the source is external or internal it also presents a further division in needs and desires.  Needs being what a person requires to survive, and desires illustrates what a person wants.  Saw presents situations where human motivation is put to the test in regards to survival and the desire to live.  However, the situation that Saw presents comes at a dreadful price, which will undoubtedly terrorize the audience's own consciousness and perception of human needs and desires.  The opening of Saw introduces two characters chained to heavy pipes in an abandoned bathroom at some unknown location where no one can hear them scream.  The room has intense lighting once the lights are turned on, which tosses no shadows of either character. In essence, it is a visual analogy for how their persona will be scrutinized by both parties, as the light will reveal everything.  Quickly one of the men, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes), questions why they are there because if someone desired them dead it could have been accomplished long ago.  When the light is turned on for the first time, Adam (Leigh Whannell), discovered that he is not alone in the room, as between him and Dr. Gordon there is a corpse with a gun in it's hand and a tape recorder in the other.  It seems as if the corpse has blown away part of his own cranium with the gun in his hand.  Under the intense light the two chained men begin to search for ways of escaping, while they begin to discover small clues of what is expected out of them.  It seems as if Adam is expected to kill himself, which he finds out through a tape that he finds in his own pocket.  Dr. Gordon discovers a similar tape and a bullet in his pocket that expresses anticipation in regards to Dr. Gordon who is expected to murder his new roommate.  The two men have a little more than six hours to find a solution to their deadly predicament.  During these six hours the audience is drawn into a number of flashbacks that provide information of how they were chosen to participate in this sick game.  It is also revealed that Dr. Gordon is aware of who the person is that has chained them in the unfamiliar room.  Through Dr. Gordon it is disclosed that a serial killer that goes by the nickname Jigsaw has taken them hostage and chained them.  The killer himself has never actually killed someone, however, he has planned some truly grotesque schemes that have led to a tormenting death that has delivered pain of inconceivable magnitude.  The great extent to which the Jigsaw killer has planned his bizarre schemes will display a man with enormous amount motivation to seek some form of enlightenment in an outmost horrific manner.  Saw dwells in the twilight land as it offers the audience a haunting journey that plunges deep into the darkness of the human psyche where nothing is sacred, as human motivation to live is skewed by an external source.  A mind to generate such horrors illustrates deep insights into psychology and human behavior, but it also displays the eccentricity of a creative mind.  James Wan and Leigh Whannell who created the story together offer a horror tale that evokes nightmares and difficult sleeping patterns in retrospect of the cinematic experience.  The film had a good beginning theme, however, after about an hour and ten minutes the film seemed to begin slowly spiral downwards.  Nonetheless, Saw offers a truly ghastly film experience, which is built on good script and good mise-en-scene that helps enhance the terror in the story.  The camera work elevates the film, as it brings moments to the audience that will awaken feelings of revulsion and dismay.  In the end, do not expect a good night sleep, as Saw will haunt the mind for sometime after the end credits have been burnt into the retina of the audience.
 great suprise ending, but lacks scares and is sort of boring like in my opinion
 Okay, within the first five minutes of Saw you meet the two main characters who, by the way, are chained in a filthy bathroom.  They soon find that they are part of a sick game of survival hosted by a madman. The object of this game is for one of the men(Elwes) to kill his cellmate(his name escapes me at the moment).  But how, you ask.  Well by a cigarette poisoned with tainted blood.  Creative, huh?  The result of this movie is sickening to the viewer and the audience in my theater showed it quite well.  This movie is sure to disgust you with its terrible ending. Oh and the other actor's(not Elwes) acting in the movie is mediocre at best.  His crying scene made many of us in the audience laugh.  Save your money, because the killer escapes anyway.  The movie was obviously short of time within the first draft of the script, because the writers played out even the tiniest storylines.  I'm sorry to all the Saw fans out there, I just don't enjoy movies like this.  Sighs  R
 Okay, I had about three girls from my school say "Oh my God, this movie is scarier than the Ring! I'm terrified of The Ring for some unknown reason (as well as The Grudge but that's another story) so it completely turned me off against seeing it. Then last night, I stayed the night with my friend and she owned it and said "Let's watch it. (Saw, duh). I was a bit antsy but whatever, so I went downstairs with her and we watched it, but before we did she was like "This movie is sooo scary. I mean, more than The Grudge, more than The Ring, more than the Sixth Sense. that right there made me feel MUCH better (note the sarcasm) but as I watched it I was like 'Geez, this isn't even a horror flick, it's a flippin mystery!'. My friend screamed throughout the whole movie and I just stared at it like "Wow. I wonder what's gonna happen next.".  Personally, if you're a big horror buff, you might not like this movie all too much. But if you're interesed in shows like CSI, Third Watch, and mystery movies, go ahead and be my guest.
 Saw is a very disturbing movie. I watched it about 10 minuts ago and I am still shaking. It is about two men trapped together in a room, and the only way to stay alive is to kill the other man. There is a complex story line.  This movie is confusing at sometimes but overall it is an okay movie. I personaly would never want to watch it again because it is so weird.  Saw is very unique. I have never seen a movie like this anywere before.  I dont think you should buy this dvd because I dont think you would watch this movie again.It is one of those movies you would be bored watching twice. I would suggest renting it though because it is worth seeing once.  Thanks for reading my review, I Hope it was helpful.
 When i got saw, i thought "Finally, a gore fest in a movie!",  but there isn't a lot of blood in it. That was a dissapoinment.  The story is completley dumb. I thought that the puppet was the killer. But it's some retarted fat bald guy. If you want a gore fest, this will dissapoint. First when you see it, you will want to close your eyes beacuse you dont want to see brutal, gory murders, dont, nothing will happen, it will censor it by going to another scene. Thats just stupid. Rent it.
 The first time I watched SAW I loved it. All I had seen before were trailers on television for all the sequels which just looked like a bunch of people stuck in not very well thought out traps that were just there to cause as much bloodshed as possible. So, I loved the whole concept of SAW and its portrayal of people as the selfish egocentric people we are. We will do whatever it takes to survive sometimes causing others pain and even death(just think of all the looting and gangs with guns that populated New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina).  That being said, when I watched SAW for the second time I found about half of the acting to be really pretty bad. Anytime Lawrence(Cary Elwes) was trying to act sad and almost crying I found it very unbelievable. Also a lot of Adam's(Leigh Whannell lines came off a little awkwardly but that is just my opinion.  All in all I enjoyed SAW, especially its concept, but some parts were dragged down by the poor acting.
 "Saw is by far the best of the 3 "Saw movies. It has suspense, was very unpredictable, and had creative murder sequences. They should have stopped with this one though because Saw II and Saw III are horrible.
 When you see it you will know what I am  talking about, the goriest part was just absolutely pointless.  So other than than it was a mildly entertaining movie.  One of the main problems I had with this movie is not setting up danny glover's character, this was just stupid in my opinion.  Also the guy running the game was also kind of stupid when you learn all that is going on.  i think the movie would be better if they left some things untold and better involvement for the smaller characters would have helped.  Overall gore when they didn't need it, a lot of wholes, and the fact that I never got that tension feeling I was looking for from the 2 main character.  Other than that, it was pretty entertaining, rent it don't buy it.
 "Saw is movie about a serial "killer", who doesnt actually kill his victims himself, he finds ways for his victims to kill themselves. Which is actually a pretty interesting idea, and this movie had tons of potential. But its bogged down by marginal acting and holes in the plot. I really cant elaborate on the holes in the plot because it would give away the ending, but in the end you really dont get any resolution or closure. This is a decent movie to just sit around and watch with your friends, but dont expect anything oscar worthy.
 The DVD disc of SAW has a round saw on the label.   Kidnapped and instantly a victim, similar to <a href="http
 The reason why I gave it three stars rather than two is because the plot is actually quite interesting and unique. With a plot this good you would have thought better actors, and better writers would have endeavored in this project. Also I think the film would have been better if their were more shot locations rather than one room. The flashbacks didn't really do much for the film other than tell a brief biography of each main character. It's weird, i don't know which one was the main character really, presumably the doctor was.  With the exception of Danny Glover, who had a lousy part anyways, the acting was very poor indeed, really amateur and contrived as hell. But again to my surprise the bad acting, for some weird reason , makes the movie more believable. It was as if these characters totally improvised their mannerisms and speech, etc. I kinda liked it in the sense that it had a certain freedom to it, and even the bad acting wasn't that annoying. Ok, to be honest this was an amateurish film but it had its moments i thought. You should watch this once but I wouldn't watch it again, it's not one of those movies where u can do that and still enjoy it.
 Grand Guignol!  This low budget horror flick falls into that category - stories that are meant to horrify audiences.  And it succeeds, on many levels.  Written by Director James Wan and actor (in this film) Leigh Whannell, SAW drags us into the darkened sewer where Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) are chained to opposite sides of a filthy room, the centerpiece of which is a corpse recently dead by gunshot suicide.  Yet on this corpse is a tape recorder and after some otherworldly instructions, each man finds a tape on his person that gives instructions on how to take up the next hour and a half of grisly fantasy.  It seems there are loonies out there whose sick minds seek retribution for being ignored or abused by the characters trapped in the sewer lounge.  Included in this m&eacute;lange are Dr. Gordon's wife (Monica Potter) and his daughter, medical and patient personnel from Gordon's oncology practice, and two detectives (Danny Glover and Ken Leung) exploring a serial killer bent on have victims kill themselves in bizarrely medieval methods.  It now seems the good doctor and Adam are the latest players in the sicko's trail and how all this works out is a cat and mouse chase and pulse-pounding (?thudding) run to the finish.  No, giving away the ending would weaken the effect of the story, so leave that alone.  Just be ready to accept the fact that much is left unresolved, making it VERY obvious that we re in for SAW 2 sometime this year.  If you love SEVEN, SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, HANNIBAL, and other grisly shows, you'll love this little movie.  Despite its numerous flaws it does succeed in keeping you puzzled enough to overlook the bad acting.  And that is all you can ask from this genre!  Grady Harp, February 2005
 This movie should have been better.  There are some good ideas here but, as a whole, the movie doesn't quite hold together.  It never feels quite sure of itself.  Saw is creepy now and then, when it's not beating you over the head with its creepiness.  It makes the movie Seven (a much better movie) seem downright wholesome, taking grimey ambiance to new lows.  Where this film really fails is in communicating any sense of real urgency or in creating any sustained tension.  These failings are noticable immediately when we see how quickly our two "protagonists adapt to their grim circumstance.  The climax falls completely flat with events unfolding in such a way as to diminish the tension rather than build it.  All things considered, this thriller is better than most coming out these days.  It is inventive and is generally entertaining.  There are even some genuininely scary moments.  Give this one a rent.
 I've managed to miss this one over the last four years. Doesn't deserve four stars in my view. For a film that was obviously made on a reletively low budget it mostly works well though.  The story reminded me of the sort of thing Clive Barker might have written in his Books of Blood (a series of short stories). OK there are a few inconsistencies in the plot but I thought it was pretty well acted and the twist at the end is well done. There are some genuinely creepy, not to mention grisly, moments scattered throughout the film.  However do not be mislead by the hype and the advertising blurb. This isn't a touch on 'Seven', which is better written, acted and in a totally different class. I have watched 'Seven' many many times, but having just finished watching 'Saw' I really have no desire to see it again.
 "Saw wants to be "Se7en with more blood and gore.  It doesn't succeed on any level, but is a decent horror/thriller.  The plot is intriguing and disturbing, as two men are locked in a dirty, closed room where the only escape is by killing the other.  The Jigsaw Killer is never as scary as he should be and the quickly explained twist is a little disappointing, but looking past plot holes and the rip-offs, "Saw delivers some good scenes of scares and holds up as a decent horror flick, despite Cary Elwe's god-awful acting.
 I'm just curious as to why people keep referring to this movie as  disturbing  and  dark ..it really wasn't.It wasn't graphic or gory or anything..I watched this movie last nite with the expectations that it was going to be incredibly weird and freaky and thought provoking..well it really wasn't-it pretty much just had a basic murder mystery plot..I'm not saying it was a bad movie,it wasn't really and I liked the way music played a big role in the film,I just honestly don't understand what the big deal surrounding this movie is.
 This is a great movie, but with the new 5.1 surround mix on the new edition coming out soon, it would be a waste to get it.
 I watched this movie tonight and was a little disappointed by the story. I read all of the reviews, looked at the plot line and thought it would be a good movie to watch. I was a little bored through the movie because it traveled kinda slow and was a little disjointed. At times, it was very boring to me. Maybe in it's time when it was made, it probably was a milestone in movie making. It is now outdated with it's story line and "director's tricks which made the movie very confusing. It you want to see a movie along this line that also has a "mystery to it, see "StrangeLand".
 David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  is almost impossible to describe because the actors are so great portraying their roles that reviewing this film might create an anti-climax. But we immediately recognize David Lynch's touch, his obsession for the bizarre and the cruel. The film has a pulp simplicity, but it's self-conscious in its satire. Isabella Rossellini portrays a woman whose husband and son have been kidnapped by Dennis Hopper, and Kyle McLaghlan and Laura Dern are the heroes who try to discover what's behind the small town facade. They whisper corny lines to each other and their characters are purely mechanical, but perhaps it's just an homage to classicism.  Fortunately, there are times when the actors let themselves go and almost pull out from the unidimensional behavior that suffocates all their gestures and words. Dennis Hopper gives a very strong performance as an obsessed and dangerous man, with an homicidal tendency and a sexual crisis but Isabella Rossellini steals all the scenes she's in as we regognize her true suffering and anguish.
 Blue Velvet  This is a beautiful movie, set up like a stone in a setting by director David Lynch's trademark eccentric lighting. The photography and the sets are gorgeous; the mix of symbols and refernces and visual styles was daring in its time and the whole experience of seeing it is as much the unrolling of a scroll as it is of watching a movie.  The story looks like a William S. Burroughs adaptation of a Hardy Boys mystery. A coupla teenagers stumble on a mystery and, gee whiz, they deced to solve it. Instead of buried treasure, it involves electronically amflified sadists crazed by brain-implanted drugs and wearing leather, velvet, lace and rubber fetish suits. There's an occasional mutilated corpse thrown in.  At its release in 1987, Blue Velvet and its creator were unexpected surpises from a Hollywood where the scripts seem to be generated by a computer that watches a lot of television. Today, the movie seems a bit full of itself, (recurring shots of a symbolic flame), and the plot seems less satisfying. The world of horrors that's revealed in the first part of the film is resolved rather stupidly at the end.  Isalbella Rossellini made her career with a lush performance in this movie and Dennis Hopper remade his. The rest of the cast seems weirdly restrained
 This movie was very interesting to watch and it had some really good scenes, but it did not flow the way I like a movie to flow. The movie just seemed to have a bunch of really different and unusual scenes put together and called a movie.  The performances the actors did were wonderful and Dennis Hopper did a fantastic job in his role.  David Lynch is a master when it comes to creating weid scenes and interesting charcters.  But when he put everything together the movie did not flow the way a movie should from scene to scene.  I would say you should see this movie just because of the acting.  If you like it buy, most people would not think this is a buy. B
 those familiar with david lynch will be hardly persuaded by the the ironic beauty and tragedy presented here. Isabella Rossileni (I thought I had a cool name) sure does look great in cotton shorts and tiled with hickeys. Dream. When school boy "Jeffrey finds severed human ear in lot, he takes it police. He is not a suspect (sure!). "Jeffrey meets high school girl - her dad is the detective on the case - and they become fast lovers. Flinging into the mystery with an undignified zeal, "Jeffrey Beaumont", breaks into this [girl's] crib and hides in the closet. Peeping out the slides, he witnesses brutality and humiliation. He des nothing. She discovers im and gives him a lesson in sexual tortue. He acts like he doesn't care. All jaded, etc. Chase to the end>>>>> When someone gets shot in the head, usually they fall down. Right? Not in this movie they don't. They stand there for a bit and gurggle blood. There is no resolve. One cannot figure out who is the good guy, who is the bad guy. chason pour les petites enfants!
 I first heard about this movie from Entertainment Weekly's special  The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time  book, which listed Blue Velvet as number 37 (putting it above masterpieces like Schindler's List, Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, North By Northwest, and many others).  So I got it and watched it a couple of times, and now I'm at a loss to say what I think about it.  I'll start by saying that EW is very, very wrong about Blue Velvet being the 37th best movie ever made; that's just ridiculous.  Certainly the film has moments of greatness, especially when Dennis Hopper shows up, but there are too many stretches that just aren't entertaining or interesting at all.  It starts out extremely well, with a few tongue-in-cheek shots of ludicrous suburban happiness giving way to insects eating each other just beneath the surface of the perfectly tended grass; this easily could have been the beginning of a brilliant dark comedy about the dishonesty and pretension of middle-class America.  But then it stops being funny and starts just being weird nonsense that perhaps has meaning for David Lynch but can never be fully understood by anyone else.  The film doesn't know if it wants to be a satire or a serious drama or just a collection of impressionistic images like Lynch's Eraserhead, so it just ends up being boring.  I was dozing pretty much all through the scene late in the film where MachLachlan and Dern dance and kiss.  And as beautiful as the cinematography and directing are (it's worth seeing at least once), I really don't see why so many critics and fans love Blue Velvet so much.  It's just an okay movie that had a lot of potential but couldn't make up its mind about what it wanted to say.  I wanted it to be more than that, but that's really all it is.
 The opening to the film is definitely a great hook.  Taking shots of a comically clich&eacute; suburban area is set perfectly to be destroyed.  After two minutes, you'll be dying to find out how the whole movie ends.  Kyle MacLachlan (who you may notice as Charlotte&#65533;s ex-husband from "Sex and the City") opens the film in the usual way that Lynch does so well; slowly. After visiting his father in the hospital, he heads home across a field, and while looking for rocks to throw, finds a severed human ear.  Though he takes it to a police officer, things don't begin to smooth out.  He's shut-off from the case, so his only information comes from the daughter of the officer to whom he entrusted the ear to, played by Laura Dern, who assists him in trying to unlock the mystery.  It's a normal Lynch picture after that, which is to me, a good thing; a sinister mystery, with intriguing characters that seem to know much more than they're saying.   One of the films main weaknesses is that it was made in the 80&#65533;s and BOY can you tell.  Isabella Rossellini&#65533;s poofy, stupid hair is perhaps responsible for making this movie less than it could have been.  The sex scenes are comic, and unrealistic.  I found myself laughing with reckless abandon when Rossellini demands MacLachlan take off his clothes at knife-point.  I&#65533;m not immature; I didn&#65533;t laugh at the same line in &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533;. Also, the last half hour or so is DEEPLY disappointing.  At first, the movie was twisting and turning more dangerously than a poorly constructed carnival ride (in a good way).  Then, we move into the boring finale.  It&#65533;s about as surprising as a Scooby-Doo episode; it&#65533;s exactly who you think it will be, and there&#65533;s really no surprises.  Scooby-Doo at least TRIED to make you think it was someone else.  Here, it&#65533;s like having someone fall asleep on you, just before you both climax.   See &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533; instead.
 Director David Lynch's "Blue Velvet", a definite moiety of the theatre of the absurd, puzzles me as to what relevance it has to any sense of reality.  Lynch gets kudos for his ability to shock the viewer with his bizarre characterizations and plot but to consider this film a masterpiece is a stretch.  Frequent Lynch troupe member Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey Beaumont a straight laced college boy and inhabitant of small town Lumberton.  He's brought home owing to an accident and subsequent hospitalization of his father.  Strolling home after a visit with his dad, in a field nearby his home he discovers a severed human ear lying in the grass.  He brings it to the local police detective Williams but is intrigued by the mystery of it's presence.  He soon meets up with Det. Williams high school hottie daughter Sandy played by Laura Dern.  She tells MacLachlan that her father has suspicions that the ear is somehow connected to a gal that leaves in an apartment near to the field.  In a sophomoric bit of snooping they decide to break into her apartment.  While inside MacLachlan has to hide in the closet as she unexpectedly comes back home.  The gal is a frazzled local night club singer played by Isabella Rossellini.  From his hiding spot he observes the arrival of Dennis Hopper, who is excellent in this movie, playing drug addled sadistic psycho Frank Booth.  Hopper who apparently has kidnapped Rossellini's husband and son, has forced her to be his sex slave.  After slapping her around for awhile and indulging in some depraved sexual byplay, he departs after threatening her.  The shocked MacLachlan feels sympathy for Rossellini.  He gets more deeply involved in a sick, perverted world that exists just below the surface of this sleepy, typical middle American town as he investigates the strange goings on around town.  He gets more than he bargained for as he and Dern experience the crazed world created by the evil Hopper.  As an aside, Dean Stockwell is amusing as a heavily made up pimp of a bordello frequented by his good friend Hopper.  In addition infrequent screen presence Brad Dourif of "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest has a bit part in this weird flick.
 This movie wasn't near as disturbing as I had hoped.  I was actually bored during quite a few scenes.  It would have been better if I hadn't expected so much, from reading all sorts of reviews.  I'm actually watching the end of it right now while I'm writing this review, that's how interested I am. lol  Oh, well.
 This film, in my opinon will entertain you. But to put it up there with some of my other four and five star film's would be wrong. The story line is pretty good, the acting did for the most part, carry the film for as good as it was written. I do think that the director tried to accomplish too much in too many area's. If they had just stuck with the story line and amplified that, it may of done better with the general public as well. But, as I said, it will keep your interest, and you should enjoy it for what it is...   A good movie .. not a great or an awesome movie...
 I just purchased this movie from amazon and just got done watching it and this is definetly no masterpiece like the reviews on hear that i read. It is definetly bizarre and stupid at times like the reviews say but this is nothing great.i found alot of parts of the movie to be boring and dragged on n on.I love films that are controversial and bizarre at times but this movie was just out there, not in a good way either in a boring stupid crazy way. It just wasnt good. I admit the charachters did a great job portraying a bunch of insane people and played thier roles well but i just didnt think the story was that great. I gave it 3 stars cause it had somthing going for it but basically it was boring and that annoying blue velvet song i couldnt wait for the movie to end- oh yea and to the reviewer who said ( people dont get the film or understand it) - i understood it and it was still boring and the story nothing knew or great. I dont know what all the hype behind this movie is about- all it was was a wierd mystery story with insane characters who i felt no sympathy for at all and i didnt enjoy watching them either-they didnt interest me at all only the kyle macglachlan character.my opinion is either skip it or just rent it or see it once then decide.
 I felt it's a movie of some quality, but definitely didn't think it's "one of the best movies.  I also didn't agree this film's main intention was to show us that beneath every normal and happy surface, there always lies a dark side most of us cannot see or even are unwilling to see. Or if this was really the intention of this film, I would say it's not quite successful. First off, I didn't see the town was portrayed as a normal peaceful town in the movie to begin with. We saw an old man hit by some sudden disease (presumably stroke) only a few minutes into the movie. Then not much later we saw Jeffrey (the male lead character) pick up a severed human ear. Well, I really couldn't sense that this town was beautiful or peaceful even at the beginning of the movie. The later part of the story involving Jeffrey investigating into the matter revealed what's supposed to be the dark side of the civilized society. But while Dennis Hopper's performance as the villain was excellent and Rossellini was convincing as the poor victim, in the story the dark side wasn't really that dark.... After all, it's not beyond an ordinary person's imagination. It's quite disturbing all right, but I couldn't really be shocked or unsettled by it. Some scenes of the film were clever, well-crafted and funny, however
 Unfortunately I didn't think this film was as great as most of the other reviewers here at Amazon.  I think the lady that sang Blue Velvet was a very great actress, and some of the scenes with her in them were very moving and great.  And of course Dennis Hopper is always a great actor, and the parts with him in them were convincing as well.  However, I thought that the boy who was the main character, as well as his young girlfriend, were terrible actors.  Some of the lines sounded so awkward to me, as if they were in a high school play or something.  I wish they would have had more actors like the older lady (older in comparison to the young girl the boy was dating), and Dennis Hopper.  That would have made the movie so much better, but as it was with those two main actors, it seemed very corny and awkward in parts.  I did enjoy the original plot and some very moving scenes in this movie, so I do think it is worth watching.  However, I am only giving it three stars because in my opinion, it is weakened by the main actors.  I think this movie is worth watching for the positive points I've mentioned.  Also, many of the reviewers seemed to think this movie was excellent and gave it five stars, so don't take my word for it 
 I adore the way in which Lynch leads you into his own microcosm, each screen is more intriguing than the previous and you become involved with the characters. Blue Velvet is no exception
 The Bottom Line
 A glossy period piece supposedly about Victorian era values and society that achieves its stunning beauty through sumptuous costumes, jungle dances that carry the primal oomph of beasts, and the strict house rules of an 'old money' British house.  The film starts very promisingly with its relaxed but vivid cinematography, but about 30 minutes into the film, very little has happened. The beat picks up a bit at the end when emotions get caught up in crosshairs of a triangular romance, but by then it's probably too late.  So there is precious little to expect from the script department, although anglophiles may find some linguistic cookies to savour. Yet, the direction is so immaculate that the film could be coursework in film schools. The screenplay epitomizes passionate symbolism and draws the viewer with the precision of a bee hive, gradually but surely, as the film progresses. The women are doted on by servants like a queen bee. A bunch of moths overpower our female protagonist in a private moment, much like the flares of her passion. A scene in which two scholars are studying a colony of red ants that invade a colony of black is followed by a fox hunt -- the well-to-do in their red jackets, the servants in black. If you're not expecting any fireworks from a riveting plot, but want to enjoy a fascinatingly put together work of very classy cinema, I highly recommend this visual feast. But it's not for everyone.
 I have to agree with what several other reviewers have said.  This wonderful movie is almost ruined by the shamefully bad digital transfer to DVD.  Obviously, image quality is important to any movie, but this one features stunning period costumes and settings with dazzling color palettes and fine details.  These are all but negated by the shoddy picture quality.  I'm not sure if this is the worst transfer of a studio film I've ever seen, but it's definitely in the running for that ignominious distinction.  For all that, this movie makes it worth gritting your teeth and watching anyway.  It's a unique and disturbing portrait of Victorian disfunction with terrific performances by cast and crew.
 High Life is just good enough to be better than a straight-to-video film, but is far from a hit movie.  It definitely reminds me the Coen Brothers, with it's fusion of comedy and thriller.  I've been a fan of Timothy Olyphant since 1999, when he was cast as drug dealer Todd Gaines in Go, so I was drawn to this film where he plays the lead.  He does a convincing job as Dick, a morphine addict that can't seem to catch a break.  I was also impressed with Stephen McIntyre's performance as Bug, a high-strung addict with all of the restraint of a rattlesnake.  One of the more enjoyable aspects of the film is watching junkie logic in action, as his fellow addicts and heist conspirators view everything from a warped perspective.  Canadian director Gary Yates, whose career had mostly involved shooting for television, does a surprisingly good job.  A perfect example is the self-help group for addicts, where the lighting and camera work makes for a great monologue by suave junkie Billy.  The film has a great score which also sets the mood of the movie, with tracks by Creedence Clearwater Revival, Three Dog Night and April Wine.  It's not a straight comedy, so the laughs are infrequent, but the use of humor is always on the money.  The buildup to the heist is definitely more interesting than what occurs in the latter half of the film, and the conclusion is a little unsatisfying.  It's not a terrific movie as far as crime or drug flicks go, but it's definitely off of the beaten path, and worth a watch.
 I watched this movie twice in the same day. I found it to be very funny, sad and disturbing. The cast is great. The soundtrack is fantastic. I found myself really liking this group of hapless, dirty, warped, lowlife criminal drug addicts as they dreamed and plotted. I found myself laughing, smiling, on the verge of tears, upset, confused and disappointed along with these guys. I WANTED them to succeed at being criminals. It's certainly worth a look. If you don't buy it, do yourself a favor and rent it for the acting and soundtrack alone.
 I live in Albuquerque, and I drove to Denver to catch a screening of this movie.  The trailers and promotions bill it as a Jackie Chan movie, but he really only has a supporting role.  There's one brief fight scene, but otherwise it's heavy drama and lots of guns.  And as I said, Jackie Chan is not the main, or even main supporting, actor in the movie. Several commenters said that it's only natural that there's less action since Jackie is older, and maybe that's true, but that's not my point.  My point is that JC is on the screen less than half the time, but the movie has been promoted as though JC is the star.  The film itself was well-produced, though many of the details were confusing because it's supposed to be a historical piece and I know very little about Chinese history.  It also moves rapidly, making it difficult for a casual watcher to keep track of names, dates, places, etc.  One other item to note is that the film showed in Mandarin, and Jackie Chan did not dub his own voice.  Well Go USA, the distributor, also included Mandarin as the only audio track when it released Shaolin, another recent Jackie Chan movie.  I believe that this blu ray release will feature only Mandarin and not Cantonese.  Well Go USA also edited out nearly a half hour from this version.  Some commenters suggested that the Chinese government is responsible, but I don't really know.  All I can say for sure is that this version is quite a bit shorter than the version I saw in the theater a few months ago.  Among JC's recent releases--Karate Kid, Little Big Solider, Shaolin, Shinjuku Incident--this is my least favorite, mostly because of how little JC it features.  Armour of God 3 should be fun once it arrives later this year/early next year.
 I had been looking for a good book covering Chinese history of the early 20th C, so this film caught my eye in the store. I hadn't heard of it, and can't vouch too much for verisimilitude, although it certainly looks as if a major effort was put into capturing the look and feel of the period, and to document the events (on screen, during the film). It was certainly entertaining, and I appreciated it being offered at 99 minutes, because it is an ARDUOUS FILM to process. The characters speak very fast, and talk a lot, so the subtitles go blazing past. You barely have time to see the words of one line, before another replaces it. Mercifully, the main subtitles are large and white, and easy to see against the many dark backgrounds, but their velocity is not for the headache-prone. In addition, all the characters are identified onscreen with very small Chinese and English printing, and the events transpiring are also given historical documentation (dates and explanatory text) in microprint above the main subtitles. It's like speedreading three books at once, while you are watching a movie. I have a home theater with a 10' screen, and I bought the Blu-ray, and those are the only reasons I could get through the film. Trying to watch this on a TV, even an HD TV, would be infuriating, I think. It was meant to be a theater experience, not a TV show.   I also detest chop-socky films, and this production is free of that for 98 minutes. I guess they couldn't resist putting in one ludicrously incongruent MA clown fight, the gravity and tone of the rest of the film only serving to exaggerate the inappropriateness of doing so. Imagine Kenneth Mars' Nazi character from The Producers in Schindler's List and you get the idea.   All in all, though, it is a handsomely mounted and high-minded look at a corner of history not many of us are likely to know very well. I good biography of Sun Yat-Sen would probably clarify things. My one real complaint with the serious history is that it is easy to lose track of which side you're watching during the battles. The movie moves quickly, and can be confusing. It also doesn't help that the foreigners are mostly poorly acted, cardboard characters, but they don't have much screen time.   I think the ridiculous paean to the Communist Party at the end of the film is probably just a thank you for filming in China, and no big deal. It might even be perceived as a veiled comment that the revolutionary ideals discussed at length in the film have not yet been realized.   Amplified in translation
 I'm a military history buff, not a Jackie Chan fanatic, so, I didn't expect this to be a kick fighting movie - it's not.  This movie has sweeping cinematography and absolutely epic sets and battle scenes, but it's all lost as the story telling is extremely poor and the microscopic white font story boards are absolutely impossible to read.  Even pausing the DVD, you can't read them on a regular television set because the letters are so small that anything but a high-definition television cannot seperate the pixels enough to make them readible - no joke.  The movie jumps around constantly, from the actual revolution to several years before, so if you're not paying VERY close attention, you will get lost quickly.  It also introduces FAR too many characters, most of whom don't live long enough in the movie to have seemingly even warranted an introduction.  Jackie Chan IS in this movie quite a bit, so I don't know what those complaints are about.  Chan does a fantastic job of dramatic acting in this one, not his normal fare, but he does a great job.  The problem is, he has directed and written a movie that's completely scrambled.  I LOVE historically based period movies and this one has all the ingredients to be an epic classic - however, it's so jumbled up that it's almost painful to try and watch.  Also, this IS NOT about anything "communist as some have stated, this was the 1911 revolution to establish a free Chinese Republic - NOT a communist state.  The weapons, uniforms, and battle scenes warranted three stars, but this movie needs to be doctored, spliced together in a different fashion, and have the voice overs changed by someone who knows what they're doing.  It is very poorly written, poorly directed, and very poorly edited - but, the cinematography and scenes are literally nothing short of superb.  Can't really recommend it unless you get it bargain basement, but the battle scenes would be worth it if you could buy this DVD on the cheap.
 Yet, it just does not all come together. I have seen several good Asian movies such as Brotherhood and Assembly. All of them at least have a flow to them. The dialogue is in normal speed & you can easily read all of the subtibles. This movie looks like whoever wrote it was on speed. The movie jumps around so quickly & the people speak & act way too fast. I could read about only 40% of the subtitles.  The scenes are not really tied together, the written commentary is way too small & moves far to fast. The scene should be paused until one can read it.  Frankly, this is the kind of thing that could have been avoided if the director had a close & honest friend watch the movie & suggest changes.  1911 feels like playing an old 33 record lp at 75 rpms. It simply does not work. It truly is a pity as IF more time were taken to develop the first 2/3 of the film, the action & dialogue were slowed down the film was about 20 minutes longer to tie scenes and events together, 1911 could have ended up a good film. Unfortunately, it just doesn't pan out.
 This film was made to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution or Hsinhai Revolution also called The 1911 Revolution. It was part of a series of uprisings against the last Imperial dynasty that of the Qing Dynasty. The starting point is the Wuchang uprising where Jackie Chan playing Huang Xing leads a small group to slaughter, but inspired others to become `martyrs' for the cause.  That is the historical basis for the film and the makers did try to get as much of their version of history across as possible. A lot of the reasons for the revolt were an accumulation of grievances and the out moded feudal system that still persisted by the Manchu minority ruling over the Han majority; this is not really touched upon in the film. What we do have is the work of revolutionary fund raiser Sun Yat Sen played by Winston Chao, and his efforts to thwart more foreign aid going to the Qing's coffers. There is also the internal politics and screaming self interest that goes on at the Imperial court.  All of this is balanced fairly well with lots of fighting that is done in that colour filter way to add realism and on the whole is very good. The problem here is speed and editing. Every time a new character or location appears we have small print sub titles coming up in both Mandarin and English. Not only are they nigh on impossible to read on even a large TV, they also appear for a few seconds whilst at the same time the other subs for the dialogue appear too. Even using the pause button it was still a bit of a chore.  Then we have the foreigners who are all cardboard cut outs and played by some D list drama school drop outs, they even all appear to be dubbed; which is woeful. They are presented as all detestable and rude whilst being smug and selfish, whilst all of the revolutionaries are shining beacons of self sacrifice and service to the nation. We do have some ambiguous characters but they get so little screen time that we do not get much of a chance for any intrigue to build up. Also the other characters, of which there are many, are all only bit players so little chance to get much in the empathy bank too. I feel they tried to cram too much history in and were unsure of the vehicle, so had a kind of action propaganda idea with a love interest shoe horned in between Chan and Bingbing Li.  This also appears to have been edited down from the original film from 118 minutes to 95 or so, and I have no idea why; you do get over 100 minutes of extras though. This was co-directed by Chan and he may have bitten off a bit too much, also it is painfully obvious that allowances were made for the Chinese authorities who see the 1911 revolution as the beginning of modern China, which of course it was not, as that was fought for a republic and not a centrally planned Communist system.  All of that aside this is far from being a turkey, it just could have been a lot better historically and even failing that as a film, it is too busy, too rushed and too ambitious with too many barriers to achieve that ambition. In the end we have a passable film that is part action and part political shenanigans. This has scored particularly badly on Rotten Tomatoes, in the single figures at present, but that could be because in America this was billed as a Jackie Chan movie, and it is not a martial arts fest, he only does that in one scene, and is trying to do serious drama. Whilst that is all well and good, I think next time he might want to let someone else sit in the director's chair.
 The production values in this movie are stellar. There are massive war scenes and other extremely expensive scenes, with a "cast of thousands. What kept this movie from being great was the fact that, every few minutes, there would be script in the middle of the screen explaining who certain people were and what events were happening from a historical perspective. The problem was that the script was MINISCULE - impossible to read without pausing the movie to either walk up to the screen to try to read the words, or click the "Zoom two or three times. Adding to the problem was that the subtitles were still clicking along at bottom of the screen at the same time I was trying to read the script in the middle of the screen. Even if the script was large enough, I still wouldn't have been be able to read the script and subtitles at the same time. After about 30 minutes of doing this, I finally gave up watching the movie. Way too much of a hassle. And since I would be unable to follow what was going on (being unable to read the script), there was no point in continuing. Why didn't Jackie put the script in larger letters, and show the script on a blank screen for a few seconds, temporarily stopping the action and stopping the dialogue? That way, I could have read the script, then gotten back to the action and the subtitles. It wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
 Courageous Avenger, 1935 film  The film begins with five riders. A lone man walks in the desert. The riders collect him to work the mine. The "Giant Strike Mine ships out gold on a wagon (without an armed escort). Those five riders approach, and shots are fired. Dick falls off the wagon. Those men open two heavy boxes of gold. Kirk Baxter will be sent to investigate. Those robbers use silver bullets. The firing pin left a clue on the cap of the shells. (Latest ballistics tests.) Kirk arrives in time to help Beth, and offers help to Mr. Carson. Can they hide the gold in an ordinary shipment? Beth can stay with Kirk's aunt. We see how hard the captive silver miners work! (No union.) A message tells Gorman about a "heavy shipment". The robbers kill the wagon driver and abduct Beth. Can Kirk trail Beth? Can Carson be trusted? Mr. Davis thinks so. Kirk goes into town.  Carson retrieves the pigeons. Kirk finds that man hiding in the rocks and disarms him. There is a fight, Kirk wins. The horse returns to his stable. "Johnson asks for refuge from Gorman. Carson finds Wilford. Pigeons carry messages in the desert. One man plans an escape. A new message tells about Baxter and another gold shipment. Can Baxter escape now? He takes Beth as well, she will warn the sheriff. Baxter catches up to the wagon and warns Davis. There is a trick. Kirk captures most of the gang and drops them for the sheriff's men. Can Gorman escape? Not from Kirk. There will be a happy ending for Beth and Kirk
 The emphasis in the title is "Island.  This does not cover all of Asia.  It focuses on Java and the islands near it.  This work begins and then ends with the top of the food chain
 Como fan declarado de Soda Stereo y de Cerati, me resisti a comprar el CD, esperando que el material audiovisual me diera toda la experiencia de estar en la sala de conciertos. Cuando sali&oacute; a la venta, no lo dude y lo adquiri. Su interpretacion, exclusivamente vocal, no deja de ser suprema, introspectiva o concentrada, y su llamativo vestuario de 'Principito' logra que la atencion de todos sea solo para &eacute;l. El formato de audio 5.1 engrandece el sonido. Sin embargo...  Siempre me ha parecido que la idea de cualquier artista de reversionar canciones ("sinfonicamente", "acusticamente", etc.), sobre todo exitos del pasado, es para mi gusto un signo de pretension... o de querer aprovecharse de los fans. Me parece que el caso de Cerati fue el primero.  Si bien las reversiones de "Bocanada", "A Merced y "Verbo Carne son mas que perfectas para la ocasi&oacute;n -sobre todo la ultima-, son cuestionables las elegidas de su etapa Soda. &iquest;"El Rito"? &iquest;"Un Millon de A&ntilde;os Luz"? &iexcl;&iquest;..."Persiana Americana"?! Evidentemente son canciones que le significan tanto a &eacute;l como a nosotros sus fans, pero el tratamiento sinfonico no le va a cualquier cancion. "Corazon Delator es por ejemplo totalmente apropiada para la situacion, y tal vez la eleccion de temas podria haber ido por ese rumbo, (&iquest;que hay de "Planeador", "Fue o "Terapia de Amor Intensiva"?); o incluso haber dado un paso m&aacute;s adelante y sorprendernos con algun tema innovador compuesto en esa vena de sala de concierto. Es mas, existen en el DVD dos temas que bien podrian haber completado la experiencia, &iexcl;pero solo estan en formato de audio!  Es recomendable solo para aquellos fans de Cerati que convierten sus presentaciones en clases escolares
 First off, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous.  Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.  Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.  Some of the more repulsive moments
 I saw it many years ago when it came out in theatres. Good movie, that's why I ordered it this day and age.  The quality was not very good.  The colors were off, the soundtrack was a bit off, and there was a skip in the movie.  I didn't pay much for it and still consider it a good deal.  I happen to like old movies and actors of yester year.
 REEL ENTERPRISES is a Georgia-based purveyor of public domain movies, both classic era and modern. Their catalog includes several titles unavailable elsewhere.  Despite its bad press, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous. Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.  Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.  Some of the more repulsive moments
 I only recently saw this movie, although I remember seeing a preview of it in the theaters when it was originally released in the 70s. The preview included a scene of OJ Simpson sprinting across railroad tracks ahead of an oncoming train. In the movie this happens after his character shoots a Klansman. In the next scene Richard Burton and Lola Falana are driving away from the shooting in, believe it or not, a Ford Bronco. Next thing you know, OJ comes out from his hiding place in the back of the vehicle, still with his rifle, and asks Burton to stop and let him out in a rural area. After a heated discussion, he leaves after also pulling a hunting knife out of the Bronco. Coincidence or beyond coincidence?
 The Klansman a 1974 thriller Starring Lee Marvin and Richard burton is a delberate rasict picture and makes no qualms about it that's why it's an okay film. Marvin is an honest sherrif caught in the crossfire between the whites and the blacks over the rape of a white woman by a blackman. Burton  with a southern accent pretty funny to hear plays a local landowner who  comes under fire because black men and woman work for him and he thinks  that both white and black should get along. Grusome But yet interesting  film dealing with a subject that's been around for centries. Critics pan  this film I do not because even though it's not the greatist film it does  show people about racial bigotry and how it can lead to viloence. Most  films today would rather make some sort of joke when it comes to dealing  with films like this The Klansman is a good film and does well with it's  subject. Lee Marvin did a good Job in this film. It's a shame he died too  prematurly.
 I was nine years old in 1974 when this picture came to film in Oroville, California. I'm a native of Oroville.  Although the quality of the performance of the main characters leaves much to be desired,It leaves a good feeling when I view the picture now to see some scenes in Oroville (and some surrounding areas) that have REALLY changed over the past thirty three years. Many of the extras I know along with the memory of one Saturday when a scene was filming downtown were the Butte County Courthouse was once located.
 I am an avid fan of Louis LaMour's writing, and I was disappointed in this film's inaccuracy to the book.  (What movie has ever followed a book accurately?)  Someone please tell me.  John Wayne plays his part well, and Geraldine Page is OK, but if anything, Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker might have been the most true-to-life performance of the film. As a huge John Wayne fan, I automatically have to rank this movie higher than it probably deserves.  I mean, who does westerns better than the Duke?  Nobody.  It's just too bad the western didn't hang around longer.  I don't suppose it's coincedence that when the Duke died, for all intents and purposes so did the western.   Unforgiven  and  Dances With Wolves  are really the only two exceptions. In short, if you're a John Wayne fan, this movie is for you.  If you're not, I really don't think you'd like it.  For the Duke it's worth seeing (hey, isn't any movie with the Duke in it?), but other than him, no.
 Originally shot in 3D! Why is there no 3D Blu-ray release? Certainly this film stands tall (like the star himself) when compared to many of the 3D Blu-ray releases available today. It is such a lost opportunity and a real shame that yet another new generation will be denied this 3D classic as it was meant to be seen.
 The Weary Professor is right. I'm no western movie expert, as evidenced by the fact that I rank Hondo just below The Searchers in John Wayne's western canon. Some of the exchanges between Wayne and Paige are the most memorable ever to appear in cowboy cinema, and Sam the dog stands as one of the more memorable devices ever used to delineate his owner's character. That said, the film was compromised during shooting by the unfortunate 3-D process, which results in one shot being razor sharp and the next being out of focus, alternating throughout. It makes Hondo a bigger challenge to bring to Blu than How The West Was Won turned out to be, and, unfortunately, they blew it.  There was never going to be any cure for blurred 3-D compositions, but having just viewed the Blu-Ray, I don't think this film really was composed for widescreen. It may have been composed in such a way that widescreen projection was possible, but seen in that aspect ratio the compositions are obviously crowded and cramped. The lost vertical information in this case includes necessary head room and landscape that feels 'missing', and figures cut off distractingly around elbow height, leading to a claustrophobic experience. Westerns are often the best argument in favour of widescreen presentation, restoring the grandeur of landscape vistas lost in pan and scan vhs transfers, but in this instance the top and bottom information we have lost to the imposition of a matte letterbox is absolutely as destructive. Those who continue to take issue with the Weary Professor's opinion on this matter should get out their old fullscreen dvds and simply have a look
 John Wayne plays Hondo Lane, a character who was Louis L'Amour's first big hit, and the first book he wrote under his own name. It's a pretty typical L'Amour story, which is to say a good western adventure. Geraldine Page plays Angie Lowe, a wife who has been abandoned by her no-good husband, but refuses to accept that he won't come back. Her young son, Johnny, likes Hondo at once when he stops at their remote ranch to get some water and a horse after loosing his running from Apaches. Mrs. Lowe finds this hard to understand, because her family has always gotten along with the Apaches.  Vittorio, the Apache warrior who shows up next, explains that the whites have violated the treaty, and threatens Mrs. Lowe. But Johnnie, only six, stands up to them bravely, and Vittorio makes him a blood brother, calls him Small Warrior, and agrees to protect him and Mrs. Lowe.  How Hondo meets and eventually kills Mr. Lowe, helps the cavalry hold off the Apaches, and wins the heart of Angie, is a nice story but not all that unusual. One interesting side-line in the story is the dog Sam, who travels with Hondo but is independent of him.
 "Hondo is a 1953 3-D western. Westerns were extremely popular at the time, and 3-D was the studio's answer to the challenge of TV. The "golden era of 3-D started with Bwana Devil in 1952 and "House of Wax followed. Even Disney produced a 3-D cartoon ("Melody") and the first 3-D western was released by Columbia ("Fort Ti"). 3-D faded as quickly as it began, and Hondo was also released in the 2-D version. You'll notice, when watching the film, that many of the scenes cater to the 3-D experience, including being stabbed by a knife and stuck with a lance.  Hondo stars John Wayne with Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and Paul Fix.  Wayne was a major box office draw at the time, having appeared in such hits as "Stagecoach (1939), "They Were Expendable (1944), "Fort Apache (1948), "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon (1949), "Rio Grande (1950), and "Flying Leathernecks (1951). He was nominated for Best Actor for "Sands of Iwo Jima (1949). "Hondo was Wayne's 135th film.  "Hondo was made at a time that Wayne was feeling his oats as an actor and a producer. He formed Batjac in 1952 and "Big Jim McLain was his first film, made with Warners. Hondo followed shortly thereafter, and among Batjac's Wayne films were "Cahill (1973), "Big Jake (1971), "McClintock (1963), "The Green Berets (1968),  "McQ (1974) and the only really good Batjac film, "The Alamo (1960). Batjac also did the 1967 TV series "Hondo in which Michael Pate resurrected his role as Chief Vittorio, and Batjac made several non-Wayne films like "Cast a Giant Shadow (1966) with Wayne's buddy Kirk Douglas and "Seven Men From Now (1956) with his friend and occasional co-star Gail Russell. "Seven Men was originally intended for Wayne, but he was too busy and substituted Randolph Scott
 Hondo (John Wayne), a half breed who sometimes scouts for the Army, becomes involved with a homesteader woman (Geraldine Page) and her young son (Lee Aaker) during a time when the pressure of the westward expansion is bringing conflict with the local Apaches to the boiling point.  Wayne and Page give good performances, and the character of Hondo, with his unswerving but intensely personal sense of honesty and his antisocial dog, is interesting, but John Farrow's direction is uninspired.  The final battle, which was shot by John Ford, is an improvement.  Characters pay lip service to the nobility of the Apache way of life and the white man's responsibility for the conflict with them, but the filmmakers' sympathies are clearly with the settlers, as the Apaches are a constantly threatening presence, even when they are being magnanimous.
 If you are buying this video for your little Elmo fan, think again. Elmo hardly appears at all; it's mostly popular groups singing songs with a few muppets thrown in. I think it's a good video, but it's not really at my  12-month-old son's level. He wants non-stop Elmo action, not people  singing. This might be better for the 4-6 year old crowd.
 We got this DVD for our 18-month old and he just isn't that interested in it. Not much to engage a young toddler, especially since Elmo doesn't make many appearances nor does my son's favorite, Cookie Monster. My son much prefers the Elmo DVD about babies and animals. Or he also likes Elmo Loves You. This DVD though is fun for adults who are Jon Stewart and Chris Rock fans.
 While my husband and I find this video entertaining, it's too grown-up for my 15-month-old.  The beauty of Sesame Street generally is that it intersperses adult humor (via adult references) with children's entertainment.  This video seems to contain more of the former than the latter.  There is too much human dialogue and not enough song and dance to keep my daughter's interest for long.  Maybe she'll appreciate it more in a few years, but for now, it's more appropriate for mommy and daddy.
 It is a little slow at moments and it doesn't always keep my little boy's attention.
 In his milestone volume B MOVIES (Curtis Books, 1973), Don Miller titled one of the chapters "MISS V FROM MOSCOW and Other Disasters
 Miss V from Moscow was better than I feared it would be although it does have its limitations. The acting by Lola Lane is actually pretty good although some of the other actors could have been more convincing; you can indeed tell that this is a "B movie from a "poverty row film studio. Unfortunately, Alpha Video has done little to help this aging film; the sound quality is average at best. In fact, I had to pay close attention to hear every line because of the white noise in the background that interfered with the soundtrack. Most of the sets are not bad but some of the outdoors scenes have terrain that looks almost precisely like Southern California; and the suburban area surrounding Paris, France certainly didn't look that way back when this film was made.  When the action starts, Russian spy Vera Marova, aka Comrade V (Lola Lane) is assigned to impersonate a German spy named Greta Hiller during World War Two in occupied France. (The Russians are also taking advantage of the fact that the Germans don't know that the real Greta is dead.) A Commissar in the Russian counter-intelligence agency gives Comrade V information about Greta and a French two Franc coin which actually contains her only sign to the Allies that she is actually a Russian counterspy instead of Greta Hiller. Comrade V gets across German lines and enters Paris where she meets and begins to romance Colonel Wolfgang Heinrich (John Vosper) even though other German military men continue to have their doubts that she is the real Greta Hiller. Nevertheless, when Comrade V shows Wolfgang a cigarette case personally given to Greta by Hitler himself, Wolfgang falls for her ruse and they begin what he thinks is an actual affair; but of course Comrade V only wants him to get information about German plans--which are then transmitted by Doctor Suchevcky (Richard Kipling) to Moscow. Comrade V is also helped by the elderly resistance fighter Henri Devallier (Paul Weigel) and an American, Steve Worth (Howard Banks).  Despite the fact that this movie is a mere 66 minutes, there are actually a fair number of twists and turns in the plot and there's even some suspense when Comrade X is suspected of being a Russian spy by the real Greta's housekeeper Minna (Kathryn Sheldon). Eventually things come to a head and it's anyone's guess how or if Comrade V, Henri, Steve, Doctor Suchevcky and others will manage to survive.  If you like the actors in this film you will enjoy the movie despite its flaws. I also recommend this film for people interested in World War Two dramas. Sure, it's far from being the best World War Two drama I've ever seen; but it's not all that bad either.
 To anyone who reads the reviews from Anna Molly and Ian Cross, granted its not the greatest film out there. It was an independent film made locally on a shoestring budget, not some Hollyweird big budget remake. It was simply something that came about as an idea for a short spoof of Braveheart. It was turned into a full length film after some discussion with the financial backer. Personally I think it should have remained a short film, would have been funnier that way.  Anyway as to Ian Cross' claims that and I quote "this film is not made by Irish or Scotsmen, but actually consists only of Texans. is entirely false. How do I know? I was in the film as an extra. There were British, Irish, Scottish, Aussie, and New Zealander as well. And yes there were Texans, as that is where it was made. As a side note there was even an extra whose name was Mel Gibson. No kidding, I saw his drivers license. There was even someone who could trace his ancestry directly back to Wallace himself.  I will say again, it is not the best film you will ever see, but the spirit in which the film was made I applaud. There needs to be more independent films made, Hollyweird only seems to be able to do remakes these days. Is it worth whats being asked here, maybe not, but if your a fan of indie films you might appreciate it.  P.S. The funniest parts are the outtakes. The rugby game was an impromptu thing during down time between filming. Not your usual sport for Texans might I add. I gave it three stars because anything I put would be considered biased.  P.P.S. Brian, you might try dropping the price a little. Get more sales that way.
 Beware!  There is an existing DVD copy of  Diva  out there which was released in the late 1990s.  Although the film is great fun, the DVD fails at the most critical part
 Beware!  There is an existing DVD copy of  Diva  out there which was released in the late 1990s.  Although the film is great fun, the DVD fails at the most critical part
 This was the first foreign film I'd ever seen (back in the early 80s)and I've never forgotten it; it's a complete masterpiece.  It opened my eyes to foreign cinema and can't get enough of films from other countries.  I gave this product review 3 stars because I love the film, but hearing from others that the sound transfer is horrible, I was completely destroyed!  I really wanted to buy this, but now that I know about the sound and picture quality, I'll wait for something better.  The films sound is SO important to the overall experience!  How could the DVDs distributor not know this?!  Talk about "out to make a buck and not worry about quality!  Sounds like a job for DTS to take over!
 Warner Archives has just released the first Region 1 DVD transfer of 1961's "The Tartars", filmed in Technicolor in Italy and Yugoslavia. An obvious European production, MGM's Richard Thorpe directs Orson Welles and Victor Mature in a battling opus that fizzles kind-a-quickly. "The Tartars is set in the Russian steppes around 900 A.D.. Viking Prince Oleg is asked to join the Mongol horde and help destroy the Slavic tribes. Oleg refuses and war breaks out. The Tartar chieftan vows to avenge his brothers' death, which occurs, and more bloodshed begins. A criss-cross series of bloody battles and raging horse-charges leaves the viewer wondering who's army is on the screen at any point in time? The Vikings or the Tartars? "The Tartars lists Victor Mature as first-billed; a successful actor for 20 years, Mature over-acts and hams through every scene. Long-shots of Mature clearly reveal looping and dubbing for him by another actor. Obviously bored, Orson Welles mumbles through his lines and dreams of spending his salary on his own Welles-directed features. Welles is normally installed front-face to the camera, on his large Tartar throne, in a lavish palace set. But, in one sequence filmed from the side, his larger-than-life girth becomes visible. A certain curiousity for Orson Welles fans, "The Tartars has Welles valiantly sword-fighting with Mature in the final reel; so much Welles' gymnastics may have never been seen on film before. Welles also rides a horse; again probably a first. In 1950's "The Black Rose", Welles' character warlord Bayan charges his horse across the wild plains; but this is only a stunt double. In "The Tartars", lovely Bella Cortez plays the the captured Tartar daughter. Surely an edited-for-U.S. version, this Warners' DVD is generally non-graphic. Constant battles between the Vikings and the Tartars produces almost no blood. The Vikings capture the lovely Vikings kings' daughter(Bella Cortez), who is seduced by Oleg's young brother. The scene ends before anything really happens. Tartar chief  Burundai stages an erotic pagan dance, and then mauls and assaults Oleg's captive wife; again the scene ends before you see anything. This 83-minute version is an edit of the orginal, listed at 105 minutes. If you needed PG-13, you got it. Unfortunately, the lack of graphics produces a generally bland affair. Besides "The Tartars", Cuban-born Bella Cortez would steam up the screen in a series of 11 sword-and-sandal epics. She then got married and retired. Today, Bella Cortez is resentful of her continued success on DVD, VHS tapes, and the Internet. Ms. Cortez reports that her contract included no residual actor payments.
 Did this Warner Archive release meet my expectations Amazon asks. Yes it did.  I expected a sloppily dubbed, scrappily edited, poorly scripted Euro version of "The Vikings or "Taras Bulba and that is what I got.  Surely Richard Thorpe must be the model for Edward G.Robinson's ageing Hollywood Director in Minnelli's "Two Weeks in Another Town", adrift on the Tiber with Producers who want him to shoot the budget and not the movie
 John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara worked together on several movies. This was probably the funniest one. It's loosely (very loosely) based on "The Taming of the Shrew by Shakespeare. But it's primarily Wayne's response to the "women's movement that was just getting started in 1963.  George Washington (G.W.) McLintock (John Wayne) is a cattle baron who owns a good portion of the town named after him, as well as a huge cattle ranch and a beautiful Victorian mansion. He and his wife Katherine (Maureen O'Hara), whom G.W. calls Katie, have been separated for two years. But she returns to town because their daughter Becky (Stefanie Powers) is coming home from school back east and her mother is determined to take her with her to New York, and to Europe, and prevent her from becoming a crude westerner.  Katie, you see, is a terrible snob. G.W. is just as determinedly not snobbish. He is friends with the local Comanches, and is in fact asked to speak for them when there is a hearing -- kangaroo court, really -- held by the territorial governor in response to a fussy little bureaucrat of an Indian agent who reported to Washington that they were defying him about being moved to a fort somewhere else, location unspecified. In fact, nobody ever said what territory we were in throughout the movie.  One of the best scenes is when G.W. has been up all night playing chess with Birnbaum, the storekeeper when word comes that the settlers (a band that has been offered 160 acres of unfarmable land per family) are going to hang an Indian. It seems one of the settler's daughters is missing, and it is assumed the Comanches have kidnapped her. In fact, while the chief (G.W.'s friend) is standing on the scaffold, the daughter and her boyfriend ride up on a horse and explain that he had taken her for a morning ride and "the horse ran away. But her father had already made an ass of himself poking a sawed-off shotgun in G.W.'s belly and bullying him about his protesting the chief being hanged. Then G.W. wrenches the shotgun out of the jerk's hands and starts poking him in the belly.  Did I mention that all this was taking place on a hill which was part of a mining operation, and there was a muddy slope and a pool of slurry at the bottom? Well, once G.W. takes a good hard swing at the indignant father and he slides down the muddy slope into the slop, the fight is on. The chief walks through the melee saying, "Good party, Maclin. Where's the whiskey? Eventually, G.W. and Kate and Birnbaum and just about everyone else ends up in the slurry pit, and comes home covered in caked silt.  There's really too much to tell in this story. The handsome young farmer (Patrick Wayne) McLintock hires who falls in love with his daughter. The farmer's mother (Yvonne de Carlo), who takes a job cooking for them and falls in love with the sheriff. The silly college boy (Jerry Van Dyke) who makes a total fool of himself trying to win McLintock's daughter, and on and on. It's a romp, but if you don't find men spanking the women they love amusing, don't watch it.
 This is a great movie, but the quality is horrible. Some scenes the video gets to so bad, its hard to see their faces. I would recommend getting the John Wayne collection one.
 I have enjoyed this movie for years, as well as other John Wayne movies.  I originally saw this on VHS and was thrilled to finally have the movie on DVD.  But I was really disappointed.  The recording was terrible.  The picture was sometimes crystal clear, and then would be blurred and lined.  My VHS recording was better and also had extended scenes that I missed in the DVD version.  My recommendation would be to wait until a better version comes along.
 This is one of my favorite JW movies - but the quality of this DVD was disappointing.  Dialog was cut from the movie in several places and there are streaks in many of the frames throughout the film.  Buy the movie, it is enjoyable to watch, but get the authorized version.
 Delta/LaserLight has also put out McLintock on DVD and it appears to use the same source GoodTimes used for their VHS and DVD, in other words, do not buy this DVD either.  Too bad as this is a great movie.  I will keep it until the John Wayne estate puts out an authorized DVD of it though.  I have averaged it to 3 stars because of the great movie but lousy DVD.
 This is one of my favorite movies, hey, it's a John Wayne flick.  Lots of fun, action, and the standard brawl scene.  Unfortunately, the video quality is the worst I've seen on a DVD... muddy color, blurry, grainy.  I'm not sure if the film was shot widescreen or not, but this DVD is not widescreen.  If a new edition came out with the problems corrected, I'd rebuy it.  The lack of technical quality gets in the way of the enjoyment of the movie.  Were it not for the video quality problems, I'd give it 5 stars.
 I have to say I was very disappointed that this was the pirated version of  McLintock  and not the original, that was used for the DVD release.  This is my favorite John Wayne movie.  It is so obvious that scenes and lines are missing.  I wish they would have used the legal copy, it would have been much better.  With that said.... McLintock  is a hilarious look into a rich cattleman's life.  Maureen O'Hara plays his wife and she is perfect.  When I was younger, I always wanted to be like Mrs. McLintock, so brave and strong.  Patrick Wayne is wonderful as a hired hand.  There is a fight scene at a clay pit, that will have you rolling on the floor, laughing.  The line by John Wayne,  I'm not going to hit you, I'm not going to hit you, the He** I'm not! , it's perfect.  There are two scenes with spanking involving grown women that you just have to see to believe.
 I do so wish that Turner, or whoever owns the rights to this movie would release it on DVD from a better print of the film. I love this movie, it makes me howl with laughter. This laughter is mitigated by the horrible copy the DVD was pressed from. Sheesh. There is a much better copy available, I have seen it on VHS.
 Lots of violence, lots of gore, lots of shooting, and cathartic if you are really into it. I liked this movie for the variety of weapons and the ambushes the protagonist employs. Other reviewers would have you believe that virtually all big-city dwellers were victims of violent crime in the 1970s. Crime was higher in that decade, but so were certain demographic markers that had nothing to do with politics or policy. This film's major impact was to render most white suburbanites terrified to enter large cities, so it was good for suburban sprawl and Republicans.
 Crime in the streets and the police reaction to it is always not far from front page news.  Occasionally, Hollywood thinks that it has a tap on the pulse of urban America, and in 1974, that tap was DEATH WISH.  The popular perception then was that the streets of every large urban city was a battleground where the only ones armed were the bad guys.  Crime rates were up, and the liberal approach to reducing that crime was down.  Director Michael Winner constructed a tale that was more fairy tale than cinema veritee. In this movie, Charles Bronson plays architect Paul Kersey, who is your basic liberal good guy, educated, kindly, affluent, having a loving family.  Whenever any director shows a family man in happiness, you know that you are being set up for the flip side of one of Grimm's most somber of fairy tales.  His wife is killed and his daughter gang-raped by a bunch of greasy hoods, one of whom is Jeff Goldblum, before he became a good guy himself.  This attack scene is a graphic one, designed to make the liberal urban dweller shake in a way that would not be duplicated until the equally nauseating I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE.  Kersey reacts with the way that conservatives truly believe that any liberal would have reacted, grief followed by a desire for revenge.  Kersey is meant to be seen as the very definition of a conservative
 DEATH WISH is a film that you ALWAYS want to watch--it's entertaining and even engrossing and has the great title. I guess many of us have at one time or another wanted to be Paul Kersey--getting rid of urban thugs & slugs with impunity and getting away with it [minus the personal tragedy Kersey incurs, of course!]. All about an architect whose wife and daughter are brutalized by a gang of thugs--wife is killed, daughter left a vegetable. Justice is slow a'coming so Mr Kersey decides to vacuum clean the streets of New York of it's anti-social vermin with a gun. Daughter's second rape while recovering from the first nightmare is gut-wrenching--pretty callous stuff here. Stark & sterile New York locations complement Kersey's lonely but resolute mission well. Why only 3/5 stars ?? Maybe I'm not being fair but I think this could have been an even better film if in the proper hands. First, the sociopaths in this film were annoyingly 70's-ish
 the original novel (author, Brian Garfield), but mine most decidedly DIDN'T end with Kersey going to another city. In fact, it was, in a wierd way, even "colder than the end of the film. That being said, this is, as you know, one of the original vigilante, one-man-gets 'em all films, a sort of Nevada Smith goes to Manhattan, with several really brutal scenes. Easily one of Bronson's better roles, and yes, you do find yourself alternately cheering and being a little horrified. Interestingly, a person couldn't do a Paul Kersey today, because most of the muggers are carrying guns as well... how's that for irony?
 ... or were certain scenes edited from this DVD version just like Paramount did with "Thief Of Hearts"? I could have sworn the rape scene was originally longer and more graphic.
 Death Wish was a great book that challenged people to think about crime and vengeance, and put vigilantism under a powerful microscope. At times, you are on Paul's side, especially at first, when you've experienced with him the horror and violence that befell his family. We walk through the utter darkness of his mind, as he decides to do the unthinkable, and become a one-man army and take the law into his own hands. Unfortunately, much (if not all) of the underlying subplot of the novel is glossed over for the movie. Sure, we see Bronson have occasional doubts, and he vomits after his first kill, but the strain on his conscience was not handled very well in the movie. In the movie, you don't get much of an idea that he may not really be doing the right thing. The novel was provocative and didn't offer up any concrete answers, and at the end of the book, when he transfers to another city, he leaves his vigilance behind him, having come to the conclusion that becoming a criminal yourself is not an answer to the crime problem. That thee is a fine line between self defense and going out looking for trouble. But in the film, Bronson hadn't quite gotten it all out of his system, and we're left with an understanding that he's going to do it again, which basically tells us that taking the law into your own hands is justifiable, at all costs. Also, it set the stage for a series of sequels that were so ludicrous, they make they Rambo sequels feel like quality cinema. Paul Kersey is no longer an embittered, struggling, law-abiding man who has been pushed to the limits of his conscience and morality, and instead has been turned into a role model for the armchair vigilantes, so they can play out their violent fantasies vicariously though the films' main character. I liked the first movie very much, but was put off by the change in ending, and the bullets-flying, no-brainer franchise of sequels it spawned. Read the book, and see what the author was really intending.
 That's for sure. This film has a lot of storyline, more so than Death Wish 2. I like Hope Lange so its a pity her role`as Kersey's wife couldn't have been larger. I really don't feel this film is 100% true to life in 1970's New York City. It is exagerrated in it's depiction of how much crime NYC used to have. But hey it's only a movie.
 This movie could have been a lot better if it had a more competant director. Today it looks dated in places, and some of the dialogue delivery approaches camp at times (again, blame Mr Winner). Plot
 This was a gift for my brother in Germany and I made sure that the dvd had no region limitations. However, once out of the box and in the dvd player in Germany it did not play. It does play in the States.  The delivery time and quality of the dvd was excellent, albeit not in the intendet region.
 I had high hopes going into 2009's "Melvin which I had never heard of before. The movie release (which I saw on DVD) has a absurdly funny introduction from the estimable Lloyd Kaufman, who for 40 years with Troma has redefined true independent cinema as well as made bad movie magic! Kaufman, who also has a funny cameo in the film, is a tastemaker I can stand behind--so his stamp of approval goes a long way with me. I know there will be a contingent of viewers who proclaim this film a cult masterwork. There will also be those that detest it for its low budget origins and amateurish feel. In truth, "Melvin is neither the best in its class nor an outright disaster. If you enjoy bad movie mayhem and copious splatter effects, then this might make for a pleasant evening. At times silly, overwrought, overacted and underacted at the same time--the film's second half has a relentless pacing that makes up for some of its earlier shortcomings. There are moments of inspiration interspersed within the film, but overall, it lacked true cleverness, humor or originality to make it a nightmarish triumph.  "Melvin is a classic tale of bullying and revenge reconfigured with haunting and zombie elements. At first, the story follows two tracks--there is a high school kid being bullied and a college student being bullied. The initial sequences can be a bit confusing until you realize that they are occurring on alternate timelines. In one, the shenanigans get out of hand and the hapless Melvin is inadvertently killed. One night in the cemetery, our equally beleaguered college nerd is attacked by the reanimated Melvin. The remainder of the picture plays out as a series of zombie attacks as our hero loses his tenuous grasp with humanity. For a low budget effort, the film showcases some nicely done and over-the-top carnage. As I said, I quite enjoyed the straightforward brutality of the film's second act along with the sweetly satisfying ending.  Perhaps the movie's most inspired bit of comic delight comes from a horror film within the film that both boys watch. This is campy humor that works! But there's just not enough of it to really distinguish "Melvin from dozens of other indie horror films done on the cheap. The first part of the movie is particularly overdone. The bullies are so ridiculous and so poorly acted--I understand that they were meant to be funny, but it was a bit tedious. There's a fine line between campy bad and just plain bad, and this film struggles to find the right balance. However, when it kicks in--it really kicks in. I enjoyed the film for the most part, it just didn't rise to the level of awful genius that I had hoped. Still, if you like this sort of thing--there is much to recommend the film. About 3 1/2 stars on the bad movie scale. KGHarris, 4/11.
 I must admit, I was extremely disappointed with this film. 1)It's not scary (although the scenes in the moors were excellent, and turn out to be the highlight of the entire film). 2)Since it's a John Landis (THE BLUES BROTHERS, TRADING PLACES, ANIMAL HOUSE), I had expected there to be a TON more humor . . . . . there was hardly any at all! 3)The ending is simply atrocious! It's so disappointing, that it's on the verge of destroying the entire film. I mean, the film wasn't very original to begin with (though the living dead segments were cool), but they had to go and use the ending that was used in THE WOLF MAN, THE CURSE OF THE WEREWOLF, and it goes on and on. Shoot the werewolf, see him in human form, flash to the credits!! The whole thing happens in less than 30 seconds (very, very sloppy and rushed). One thing I must say in its defense, however
 The movie is very nice and it's good to review it and remember the good times. But, as a Brazilian, and considering that the blu-ray region refers from North America to South America, I thought the subtitles would be in Portuguese fom Brazil, not from Portugal. There is a significant difference between both.
 This movie is a classic, First time when i saw it during the 80s it was so scary and the make-up effect was so impressive. However, this DVD release by Universal Studios is dissappointing. The picture is so soft similar to a VCD/VHS transfer  and the audio, though originally recorded in MONO and upgraded to 5.1 and DTS surround, the effect is poor and soft. The movie needs a better treatment absolutely. Video 
 This is a pretty good monster movie with some truly fine actors, in particular Agutter.  However, unlike the classics of the genre, where a dark mood of foreboding and anguish build, this film strays into a comedy that didn't hold together for me.  You enter scary scenarios and then the actors get almost flippant, even sloppy in the way that they depart from the mood for a few laughs that don't add to the story.  For example, the nurse keeps meeting with a cute little boy who says, "no!", to everything she asks; this shows she is warm and it is touching, but it detracts from the plot rather than advancing it.  In terms of plot, it is pretty formulaic.  Two American friends are doing Europe, when they stumble across a strange village.  Feeling unwelcome, they walk out into the rainy night only to get attacked by you know what.  One of mauled, but survives, hence is doomed to monsterdom.  He meets a girl who falls for him, lives up to the curse, and gets offed while she is looking.  One shouldn't  expect more than this, of course, but it should cast a spell that the viewer enters and can forget everything else for a time.  This it completely fails to do, in part by indifferent direction - it feels almost like they are making it up as they go along - but also because of the misplaced humor that pops up, like the bumbling policeman whose character is never developed beyond knocking over medical instruments under the eyes of a glowering boss.  The best thing in the film is the transformation scene, which is one of the best and most graphic that I have seen in the genre.  It is well done, though the werewolf himself often appears stiff and puppet-like.  One comic twist that does work are the visits (as spirits in limbo) of his friend and victims, but even they are sometimes stupidly lighthearted.  REcommended tepidly.
 HUGE disappointment, transfer looks EXACTLY as the Collector's Edition DVD w/ DTS audio.  The video is still grainy and faded/blurry...I don't see ANY improvements whatsoever...I decided to "upgrade being this is one of my favorite horror/monster movies of all time and was sadly let down.  There are one or two NEW bonus features added in addition to those found on the previously mentioned DVD.  I had hoped for deleted scenes or extended cut, etc.  Do not confuse my review if you do NOT own the DVD by all means pick this Bluray up for it's price is that of most DVD's!
 This film establishes mood excellently in it's first hour.  Rainy english moors, edgy locals, the american boys who don't belong there.  David Kessler (David Naughton), surviving a werewolf attack that claims his friend's life, finds himself in a hospital w/a sympathetic ear from Nurse Price, as disturbing dreams signal he is now the werewolf and the countdown to his transformation and eventual killing spree has begun.  The film succeeds brilliantly in this buildup. It's tense, then abruptly lighthearted and comic, and back again.. back and forth as the dream sequences get more horrific- it's perfect.  Then the crescendo... the transformation.  Oof.  These makeup effects may have dazzled in the early 80s, but not so much now. Someone might have taken a tip from Rob Bottin, who kept his makeup transformations somewhat unlit.. as in the Thing, whose effects have held up remarkably well. The intent here was to really show the transformation, but less would have been more.  And the werewolf just looks like a werepig, really.  So, jaded viewers, scares turn to giggles and it's downhill from there.  A killing spree, populated with characters with no story arcs at all. And a huge car wreck in Picadilly square. Cheers.
 This one starts out with the music "Blue Moon. Two ordinary young men are backpacking in England when they are attacked by a werewolf. One is killed and the other is in a London hospital for weeks. In the hospital an attraction develops between the surviving young man, David, and Nurse Price, a very beautiful captivating young woman. David moves in with the nurse. They fall madly in love. However, David was attacked by a werewolf and he is facing a transformation experience at the next full moon .......
 There's a lot to like about American Werewolf in London -- and just as much that's aggravating and disappointing.  Apart from David Naughton's thin performance in the lead role, the acting is solid, with Jenny Agutter the standout as a pretty young nurse who's a sucker for animal magnetism.  The film snaps from comedy (some of which works, some of which doesn't) to fairly realistic gore -- with nightmare scenes that give the entire story a sense of the surreal which is fairly unusual in a mainstream film.  The story is short and highly simplistic -- with little depth; the twists and turns, such as they are, simply don't engage.  I like American Werewolf for its tone, its sense of freshness.  It's a flawed film, but likely John Landis' best work.
 John Landis crafts an enjoyable piece of horror hokum, a tongue-in-cheek werewolf thriller that gives an affectionate nod to the old horror movies and also manages to deliver a few scares. The title says it all
 An American Werewolf in London disappointed me.  There was too much humor, too many living-dead people, and the werewolf was too small.  The turning scene was pretty good, but not as good as THE HOWLING.
 I bought the copy of American Werewolf in London on blue-ray. When I received the disk I opened it and put it in my blue-ray player to watch it. About 3/4 through the movie it skipped a bunch of scenes. Totaling about 35-40 mins of the movie. I took the disk out and there was nothing wrong with it as far as I could see. So I'm a little disappointed that I got a faulty disk. Wish I could get a new copy or my money back.
 Yes folks,this movie is unfortunately a very overrated one,but it is not horrible. The big problem with this movie is that it just doesn't feel completed when it ends,theres just so much that's not there. The painful part is that they could have done a lot of character development and used the potencial these people had as actors in this movie,through and through you just come out unsatisfied. So,why 3 stars you ask? Well,with all the drawbacks,you can't help but appreciate the classic feel of this movie,theres just something in there that calls for this to be watched,but it's good the first,and that's it. What you have is a movie that knew where it was going,but took a different,and foolishly hazardous.route to get there.
 As someone raised on the classic Universal monsters I had high expectations for AWIL.  Sadly, few of them were realized.  AWIL does have the most powerful, eyepopping jawdropping transformation scene in the history of film.  Also, the star does a competent job of portraying the anguish of his position.  Aside from that, this movie is quite forgettable. For one thing, once the transformation is complete we have a "werewolf that looks like a carpet with big teeth.  Second, there is little originality in the basic plot.  The "story is basically a countdown to an ending you can see a mile off if you have ever seen a werewolf movie before.   AWIL commits one unforgivable sin, however; it just isn't scary.  Oh there is the occassional startle, but no real horror is generated anywhere.  A great deal of this lies in the film's "humor.  While the there were a few funny gags the bottom line is the director clearly did not understand how to make a horror movie, so he went for a dark comedy hybrid.  The result is too repulsive to be funny (Hey look, that ghost has skin flaking off him, what a riot) and too inane to be scary.  While it may be a nice diversion on a Friday night, AWIL is not a classic.
 El sonido castellano que lleva inclu&iacute;do es el utilizado en la &uacute;ltima versi&oacute;n (remasterizado) y despu&eacute;s de unos minutos de sorpresa, te acostumbras al mismo. Los efectos en el sonido han recogido los del idioma original ingl&eacute;s y son muy,muy buenos (atenci&oacute;n a los rugidos y aullidos del hombre lobo, no aptos para corazones sensibles, as&iacute; como las im&aacute;genes de Griffin Dune como se va descomponiendo a lo largo del metraje de la pel&iacute;cula) . La imagen no es espectacular y conserva suciedad del metraje original (sobretodo al principio) pero globalmente la pelicula no desmerece en absoluto. Podr&iacute;an haberse esmerado un poco m&aacute;s en la confecci&oacute;n de esta pel&iacute;cula (al fin y al cabo, el Blu Ray representa una m&aacute;xima calidad en imagen y sonido, aunque esta vez creo que han optado por "el camino de enmedio y no se han esforzado demasiado). A destacar los extras, interesantes y variados; todos subtitulados.
 The print was fuzzy. No pun intended. It needs to be restored. Why have a hi-def print with so many artifacts in the print of the film??????
 I have to agree that the picture quality is less than stellar. Very grainy throughout, even the indoor scenes. Probably one of the worst looking blu-rays I have seen. Still love the movie though and David Naughton is hot! Especially without his clothes on! What a body!
 Tracey Mallett is very energetic and gets my heart rate up. The first 15 minutes are mostly jumping jacks and push ups with dancy moves thrown in. The second 15 minutes is more weights and the last 15 minute segment is a combination of moves from the first segment and some random moves thrown in.  The workout is pretty jarring, if you arnt ready to jump around or really focus on the moves, you can get hurt. That being said, there is also little warm up or cool down, it is expected that you do it on your own.  There is a really cheesy guy in the back who makes me feel better about myself (I, too, almost fall over during some of the moves).
 I generally go the gym most days a week, and use the elliptical and/or treadmill, and some of the weight machines.  I use videos to add a little variety or whatever into my exercise.  This is an okay video. It's fun to do, but it probably won't give you huge results on its own.   I don't think that it ever really gets your heart rate up, so I doubt it will burn much fat. The choreography is kind of confusing, so the first couple (or more than a couple because I'm so uncoordinated) of times I did the tape, I couldn't do anything on the first try, and by the time I got the hang of it, it was time to go on to another move.  The instructor is really energenic, but I think that's what a good instructor should be.  I like watching the guy behind her, because he's so muscular and fit and everything, but he has horrible balance, and it seems he and I have similar coordination.  This is a good video to burn a couple of extra calories, and to work a little bit harder on your muscles.
 Well, I don't know why some reviewers...or one reviewer is complaining about the quality, especially after admitting they have a cheap DVD player, which is probably the real problem. I've either bought outright, or borrowed from the library, each Backyardigans DVD and have never had any problems, even with the "been around the block library ones.   The main cartoon episode on this DVD is Polka Palace Party. This episode revisits the characters as cowboys, and brings back Sherman the Worm from the Tarzan episode. This show is pretty cute, but not one of the most memorable.   The other cartoon on here is the high tea episode. I thought it was one of the poorest ones I've seen, not making much sense.  When I think "High Tea", that's a British term, and yet they're going to see a Chinese Emperoress, although I understand tea is a very important thing in Asia as well, as that is where tea originated from. But overall this episode certainly didn't hold my interest, nor that of my son, and we like the Backyardigans.    The ONLY reason I would recommend this one is because of the Viking Episode. My son LOVES this one.  My son wants me to sing him the "Hush Little Mermaid song everytime he gets in the tub or bed. I love Pablo in the viking helmet, looking to discover a new land.   What it comes down to is, look at all the available DVDs, and if your child has absolute favorite episodes, just get them that particular DVD; for the rest, try your local library, then you'll know if you like it BEFORE spending your money and being disappointed.
 I love watching the Backyardigans, so I purchased this DVD.  In each of the four episodes, the color of the characters is distorted, making it hard to watch.  Uniqua and Austin appear dark red.  Tasha appears as light green, and the white areas on Pablo also appear green.  It is very distracting.
 We bought this dvd because the "Polka Palace Party was on the "On Demand channels on cable.  Meaning, my two girls (twins 14 months) were able to watch this over and over.  Thing is, it only runs "on demand for a couple of weeks.  So, we decided to buy the dvd.  PPP is the best one on the dvd.  The songs are really cute and not too annoying.  The other ones...well, they get progressively worse as the dvd goes on.  But really, what kids' song-type show ISN'T annoying?  So, it's worth buying for the first two episodes.  More importantly the first one.  We even sing the songs to them when it's not on.  They're pretty catchy!
 I am an avid fan of Louis LaMour's writing, and I was disappointed in this film's inaccuracy to the book.  (What movie has ever followed a book accurately?)  Someone please tell me.  John Wayne plays his part well, and Geraldine Page is OK, but if anything, Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker might have been the most true-to-life performance of the film. As a huge John Wayne fan, I automatically have to rank this movie higher than it probably deserves.  I mean, who does westerns better than the Duke?  Nobody.  It's just too bad the western didn't hang around longer.  I don't suppose it's coincedence that when the Duke died, for all intents and purposes so did the western.   Unforgiven  and  Dances With Wolves  are really the only two exceptions. In short, if you're a John Wayne fan, this movie is for you.  If you're not, I really don't think you'd like it.  For the Duke it's worth seeing (hey, isn't any movie with the Duke in it?), but other than him, no.
 Originally shot in 3D! Why is there no 3D Blu-ray release? Certainly this film stands tall (like the star himself) when compared to many of the 3D Blu-ray releases available today. It is such a lost opportunity and a real shame that yet another new generation will be denied this 3D classic as it was meant to be seen.
 The Weary Professor is right. I'm no western movie expert, as evidenced by the fact that I rank Hondo just below The Searchers in John Wayne's western canon. Some of the exchanges between Wayne and Paige are the most memorable ever to appear in cowboy cinema, and Sam the dog stands as one of the more memorable devices ever used to delineate his owner's character. That said, the film was compromised during shooting by the unfortunate 3-D process, which results in one shot being razor sharp and the next being out of focus, alternating throughout. It makes Hondo a bigger challenge to bring to Blu than How The West Was Won turned out to be, and, unfortunately, they blew it.  There was never going to be any cure for blurred 3-D compositions, but having just viewed the Blu-Ray, I don't think this film really was composed for widescreen. It may have been composed in such a way that widescreen projection was possible, but seen in that aspect ratio the compositions are obviously crowded and cramped. The lost vertical information in this case includes necessary head room and landscape that feels 'missing', and figures cut off distractingly around elbow height, leading to a claustrophobic experience. Westerns are often the best argument in favour of widescreen presentation, restoring the grandeur of landscape vistas lost in pan and scan vhs transfers, but in this instance the top and bottom information we have lost to the imposition of a matte letterbox is absolutely as destructive. Those who continue to take issue with the Weary Professor's opinion on this matter should get out their old fullscreen dvds and simply have a look
 John Wayne plays Hondo Lane, a character who was Louis L'Amour's first big hit, and the first book he wrote under his own name. It's a pretty typical L'Amour story, which is to say a good western adventure. Geraldine Page plays Angie Lowe, a wife who has been abandoned by her no-good husband, but refuses to accept that he won't come back. Her young son, Johnny, likes Hondo at once when he stops at their remote ranch to get some water and a horse after loosing his running from Apaches. Mrs. Lowe finds this hard to understand, because her family has always gotten along with the Apaches.  Vittorio, the Apache warrior who shows up next, explains that the whites have violated the treaty, and threatens Mrs. Lowe. But Johnnie, only six, stands up to them bravely, and Vittorio makes him a blood brother, calls him Small Warrior, and agrees to protect him and Mrs. Lowe.  How Hondo meets and eventually kills Mr. Lowe, helps the cavalry hold off the Apaches, and wins the heart of Angie, is a nice story but not all that unusual. One interesting side-line in the story is the dog Sam, who travels with Hondo but is independent of him.
 "Hondo is a 1953 3-D western. Westerns were extremely popular at the time, and 3-D was the studio's answer to the challenge of TV. The "golden era of 3-D started with Bwana Devil in 1952 and "House of Wax followed. Even Disney produced a 3-D cartoon ("Melody") and the first 3-D western was released by Columbia ("Fort Ti"). 3-D faded as quickly as it began, and Hondo was also released in the 2-D version. You'll notice, when watching the film, that many of the scenes cater to the 3-D experience, including being stabbed by a knife and stuck with a lance.  Hondo stars John Wayne with Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and Paul Fix.  Wayne was a major box office draw at the time, having appeared in such hits as "Stagecoach (1939), "They Were Expendable (1944), "Fort Apache (1948), "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon (1949), "Rio Grande (1950), and "Flying Leathernecks (1951). He was nominated for Best Actor for "Sands of Iwo Jima (1949). "Hondo was Wayne's 135th film.  "Hondo was made at a time that Wayne was feeling his oats as an actor and a producer. He formed Batjac in 1952 and "Big Jim McLain was his first film, made with Warners. Hondo followed shortly thereafter, and among Batjac's Wayne films were "Cahill (1973), "Big Jake (1971), "McClintock (1963), "The Green Berets (1968),  "McQ (1974) and the only really good Batjac film, "The Alamo (1960). Batjac also did the 1967 TV series "Hondo in which Michael Pate resurrected his role as Chief Vittorio, and Batjac made several non-Wayne films like "Cast a Giant Shadow (1966) with Wayne's buddy Kirk Douglas and "Seven Men From Now (1956) with his friend and occasional co-star Gail Russell. "Seven Men was originally intended for Wayne, but he was too busy and substituted Randolph Scott
 Hondo (John Wayne), a half breed who sometimes scouts for the Army, becomes involved with a homesteader woman (Geraldine Page) and her young son (Lee Aaker) during a time when the pressure of the westward expansion is bringing conflict with the local Apaches to the boiling point.  Wayne and Page give good performances, and the character of Hondo, with his unswerving but intensely personal sense of honesty and his antisocial dog, is interesting, but John Farrow's direction is uninspired.  The final battle, which was shot by John Ford, is an improvement.  Characters pay lip service to the nobility of the Apache way of life and the white man's responsibility for the conflict with them, but the filmmakers' sympathies are clearly with the settlers, as the Apaches are a constantly threatening presence, even when they are being magnanimous.
 Brings back wonderful memories of a better and simpler time. Very tongue in cheek. Plots are a little thin as series progress. Good viewing for baby boomer generation. EH
 This guy is the Real Thing! Grooving Shagging super crooner Deany the Martini of Ocean's Eleven Rat Pack lays own the ladies and puts the bad guys in their place, all with a twinkle in his scotch glass! Great fun for everyone except recovering alcoholics!
 Before Austin Powers there was Matt Helm, played to the coolest by Dean Martin. Dean was fun though the stories were not as complex or thrilling as Bond. The gorgeous giggly girls were fun. Based on Donald Hamilton's MATT HELM books. This was Columbia attempt to cash in on the 60's spy genre. These films follow the basic BOND recipe
 Although Matt Helm is no James Bond you can't help but smile at Dean's antics. Most critics dislike the series, but if you don't treat the movies seriously, they can be a lot of fun.
 When I was about eight, the Matt Helm movies were new. I watched them all at the drive-in theatre where my mother worked. And I loved them.  Attitudes toward women have changed immensely since then, making them a little more difficult to watch.  On the upside, Helm, as played by Dean Martin, doesn't take himself too seriously. He always _almost_ gets the girl, but rarely, erm, scores. Despite the sexism, the women often outshine, out think and out perform Helm and the other men.  Fun. Very 1960s. Definitely not for everyone.
 A glimpse of group male physical examinations during earlier war time periods.  Most gay guys would be pleased to see what was going on in those days and how embarassing it was!
 In August of 1991, Gavin Cato, a black seven year old boy, was hit and killed by a car driven by a Hassidic man in the racially polarized neighborhood of Crown Heights, Brooklyn. Consequently, racial tensions bubbled over and riots broke out in that community over the incident, with looting and violence rampant. An Australian Hassidic man, having nothing to do with the car accident, was then stabbed to death in retaliation by Lemrick Nelson, a black man from the community. Animosity has always run high between Blacks and Hassidim in that Crown Heights community, the two groups that live side by side in Crown Heights, and it just took a tragic accident to have that cauldron of hatred bubble over into murder and mayhem.  This film is not about the incident that caused all hell to break loose. Based upon actual people and events, it is about the way that peacemakers in each of the two groups tried a joint grass roots approach to giving peace a chance. They reached out to male youths on both sides of the great divide. Their goal was to create cultural awareness and understanding through dialogue, music, and basketball games in hopes of bridging the chasm that existed between these two groups. Although the Hassidim and Blacks had lived side by side with each other for some time in Crown Heights, there was little mutual understanding and virtually no social interaction.  David Lazerson (Howie Mandel), author of "Switchblades and Skullcaps and a member of the Hassidic community, is contacted by an emissary of the renowned Rebbe Schneerson of the Lubavitcher sect and asked to reach out to the Black community in the spirit of reconciliation. He agrees and reaches out to local Black activist and youth counselor, Richard Green (Mario Van Peebles). They join forces to try and maintain the peace and bridge some understanding between the two groups. They establishe Project Cure, a group comprised of both Black and Hassidic male youths. The film focuses on two of those youths, TJ (De Quan Henderson) and Yudi (Jeremy Blackman), and after a rocky start, an unexpected friendship forms between them. While some progress was made by Project Cure, the reality of Crown Heights today is that never the twain shall meet.  This is not one of Showtime's best films. It is a self-conscious effort at best. Howie Mandel's performance is embarrassing, and the viewer can spot his fake beard a mile away. Mario Van Peebles, however, gives a good performance, as does De Quan Henderson. It is Jeremy Blackman, however, who gives the standout performance in this film. Unfortunately, Jeremy Kagan's heavy-handed direction results in a film so obviously preachy that it falls a bit flat, short of its intended mark.
 "Candy - not to be confused with the 1968 comedy of the same title.  Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish give great performances as Dan and Candy, couple in love both addicted to heroin in this small Aussie film. It is the world of the characters who say they can and will change tomorrow but they don't. Like Al Pacino in "The Panic in Needle Park, the film works as convincing portrait of the youth who has nowhere to go, who knows virtually nothing about themselves and their life except that they are slowly going down.  My 3 star rating is based solely on the authenticity of each episode, not the way they are connected to one another. Director Neil Armfield (also respected theater director) knows how to tap the depth of actors' skills, but still couldn't overcome the episodic nature of the source material. (The film is based on a book by Luke Davies who also co-wrote the script with the director). About 30 minutes in, we realize that for all the riveting turns from the actors and three-dimensional characters the film offers familiar things except the very impressive ending. Even the fantastic support (more like a cameo) from Geoffrey Rush as "chemist Casper couldn't change that.  "Candy is well-acted and often depressing, but not as devastating as "Requiem for a Dream thanks to the romantic side of the story, love-hate relation between Candy and Dan, which could have been explored more.
 I think it's always a bit tricky to translate books properly onto screen. The book this movie was based on was an okay book with some amazing parts and the movie is pretty much the same (perhaps having the writer of the book also co-write the screenplay had something to do with it).  It's a movie about despondent youth who turn to drugs for a more vibrant life and not realizing until it's too late at what cost.  There are plenty of movies with the same theme and nothing about this film stood out above the rest.  The acting was great but the movie started with Dan (Heath Ledger) and Candy (Abby Cornish) already using drugs and I never felt attached to them as characters until much later.  The viewer always assumed that Dan was the reason Candy started using but we discover that Abby's childhood was not all rosey as it first seemed and that Candy was the one more strongly dependent on drugs.  There were lots of interesting points but they were never delved into with any depth.  The movie was okay.  I'd recommend <a href="http
 Ah, the drug film. A genre unto its own, drug films tend to either a.) Portray drug addiction as a horrific nightmare ("Requiem for a Dream") b.)Use it as a tool for dark, twisted comedy ("Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas") or c.) Some combination of the two ("Trainspotting"). "Candy is clearing aiming for the a) category, portraying young Australian lovers Dan and Candy, whose lives spin out of control when they become heroin junkies.  If the subject wasn't so familiar in modern cinema, this film might have been powerful and shocking, but since so many superior films have already covered familiar territory, the film comes across as derivative at best and melodramatic at its worst. The film is clearly aiming to show how degrading drug addiction is, so we see Dan and Candy stealing, lying, living in squalor and prostituting themselves to feed their habit. Often the film goes so over the top that instead of being shocking, my reaction was more like "Oh, come on! ... the most obvious example being when Dan and Candy are left in the hospital to cuddle with their dead, stillborn baby.  What saves the film is the performances. Heath Ledger is terrific, fleshing out the lazy, self-indulgent, romantic and ultimately more practical character of Dan. (And I'm not just giving him props because of the circumstances of his recent tragic death). Geoffrey Rush also gives a fine supporting performance playing Dan and Candy's flamboyant "mentor". Abbie Cornish gives a decent performance (though not on the same level as Ledger or Rush), but her character is written as so histrionic that it's hard to imagine any actress really excelling in the role.  Overall, I'd call this a mediocre film with good performances that is probably worth a look if you're a fan of the drug film genre or of Heath Ledger.
 I might have made a mistake in reading the book first.  Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish do a fantastic job in this film, but the characters and the sences were not as developed as they were in the book, obvioulsy.  There was so much more that I kept waiting for that never came from the movie.  Things from the book that I thought would be important to the story, that couldn't fit in the 108 minutes.  I definately recommend the book over watching the movie.  <a href="http
 For this viewer, the film starts to gain momentum when Ledger tries to fake his identity on the phone and cash in on someone else's credit cards. Then, the miscarriage scene gives some force. But there is way too much predictability in the script, and fairly two-dimensional acting from the two leads. Given the girl's interest in painting and drawing, it seemed a bit inconsistent, at the scene of her breakdown, that she chose to scrawl volumes of highly charged prose poetry(far superior to her doodlings and indebted to the C19th French Symbolists) on the house walls. Her acting in these moments of heightened intensity just don't convince.I've now seen Cornish in three recent films where she plays very similar loser/confused adolescent types. Hopefully more directorial skill will lift her stakes. I've never been a Ledger enthusiast, apart from Brokeback Mountain(and not having seen his post-humously awarded role), where his inarticulateness, and internalised dilemnas were perfectly married to the intent of Ang Lee's film. That said,the parting of ways in he final cafe scene was poignantly satisfying
 While I detest watching people shoot drugs, I wanted to see this movie because of Heath Ledger.  I'd just watched <a href="http
 Is Candy a love story or a drug story?  A love story about the love of drugs?  The movie is unflinchingly honest look at a couple addicted to heroin.  The pair is played by Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish (neither with a terribly good complexion due to their drug use).  As a whole, the movie is a montage of rather clich&eacute;d scenes of drug abuse.  You get the bad -- the crippling agony of going cold turkey, the violent rages when demanding a fix, a miscarriage and emotional pain on top of withdrawal, and so on.  There are also the rare moments of beauty, of the enjoyment of life driving in the sunlight with the top down.  The scenes are rounded out with the pure strangeness of drug havens, such as the juxtaposition of Geoffrey Rush playing Microsoft Flight Simulator while a tan cabana boy in an orange Speedo lounges in the background.  Individual scenes are compelling, moving, and shocking, but as a whole, the film doesn't leave an impression.  This is a repackaging of vignettes that have been told before (and in much better films, like Requiem for a Dream, or, on the lighter side, Spun).  Everything in Candy has been done before, and in better quality works.  This is not to say that the acting isn't first rate, or that there aren't amazing scenes. but Candy as a whole is just not a memorable film.  My cynical side wonders if the director believed that "gorgeous people ruined by drugs!!! was enough of a premise for a movie, and focused merely on scandalous scenes of drug use, rather than the film as a whole.  I'm a junkie for movies about addiction and psychological pain, so I had to watch this one, but it isn't one I'll be recommending to friends.
 I ordered this movie after Heath's death because I had not seen it and could not find it anywhere.  I was shocked throughout most of the movie.  It is soley about drug use and death.  Don't get me wrong, the acting is very good, but the language is very crude and most of the scenes are very graphic.  After I had watched it, I had kind of wished I hadn't.  I doubt I will ever watch it again.  For those of you who are avid Ledger fans, I'm not sure you would want to see this, after every thing that has happened.
 Stories about the cruel annihilation of physical, emotional and spiritual lives that follow addiction to drugs appear to be constant sources for films. If seeing the destruction of people's lives when they become addicted to drugs helps those who are on the teetering brink of trying heavy drugs to avoid the fall, then these films are well worth the making.  Yet if the constant barrage of stories such as this one fails there, then the reason for continuing this line of filmmaking is questionable and wearing. Such is the case for this very well acted, directed and produced little film from Australia.  Based on Luke Davies' novel "Candy
 I knew it would be a downer, this story.  It could have been titled, "Watch Drugs Destroy Two More Attractive People!". But there was so little character development that you didn't really care about Dan or Candy. Watching this was like watching an excrutiatingly drawn out train wreck. You weren't drawn in to the drama as it sped along it's downward spiral.  You wanted to be drawn in.  You wanted so say, "Make me care! But it never happened. Not to me, anyway.  Maybe it was not meant to appeal to viewers. Maybe it was just an "art film that told a little, grim story, and viewers could take it or leave it. I wanted to see Heath Ledger make another movie where he completely "melts into a character, like Ennis Delmar in "Brokeback", where his performance is heartwrenching and unforgettable. I hope his next movie will shine.  Sorry, this one was disappointing.
 Listen, I'll make it my point to agree with one particular reviewer who made a good point.So, this movie isn't particularly intelligent or  deep .It's not oscar worthy, and its not gonna offer up any mind blowing performances.It IS however,solid entertainment that'll give you warm fuzzies for the hour and a half it takes up. Just curl up in front of the tv when you have nothing better to do, and watch this film.Sure its lighthearted, but its feel-good, and sometimes thats just what you need.
 Director Mike Figgis followed up his triumphant  Leaving Las Vegas  with this disappointing film. Wesley Snipes takes a rare (understandbly so) turn as a dramatic actor.  Kinski attempts to resurrect her career (and fails).  Only Ming Na Wen escapes unscathed from this vacuous  drama .  Unfortunately, she is now voicing computer generated characters in  Final Fantasy - Flop .
 This routine lives up to its title - Pure and Simple.  I found this a bit too basic (and boring) even for a beginner.  She has a better strecth routine in later offerings. I returned this DVD, and now I'm looking for something a little more challenging - something that makes you feel like you've stretched and exercized when done.
 I live in Albuquerque, and I drove to Denver to catch a screening of this movie.  The trailers and promotions bill it as a Jackie Chan movie, but he really only has a supporting role.  There's one brief fight scene, but otherwise it's heavy drama and lots of guns.  And as I said, Jackie Chan is not the main, or even main supporting, actor in the movie. Several commenters said that it's only natural that there's less action since Jackie is older, and maybe that's true, but that's not my point.  My point is that JC is on the screen less than half the time, but the movie has been promoted as though JC is the star.  The film itself was well-produced, though many of the details were confusing because it's supposed to be a historical piece and I know very little about Chinese history.  It also moves rapidly, making it difficult for a casual watcher to keep track of names, dates, places, etc.  One other item to note is that the film showed in Mandarin, and Jackie Chan did not dub his own voice.  Well Go USA, the distributor, also included Mandarin as the only audio track when it released Shaolin, another recent Jackie Chan movie.  I believe that this blu ray release will feature only Mandarin and not Cantonese.  Well Go USA also edited out nearly a half hour from this version.  Some commenters suggested that the Chinese government is responsible, but I don't really know.  All I can say for sure is that this version is quite a bit shorter than the version I saw in the theater a few months ago.  Among JC's recent releases--Karate Kid, Little Big Solider, Shaolin, Shinjuku Incident--this is my least favorite, mostly because of how little JC it features.  Armour of God 3 should be fun once it arrives later this year/early next year.
 I had been looking for a good book covering Chinese history of the early 20th C, so this film caught my eye in the store. I hadn't heard of it, and can't vouch too much for verisimilitude, although it certainly looks as if a major effort was put into capturing the look and feel of the period, and to document the events (on screen, during the film). It was certainly entertaining, and I appreciated it being offered at 99 minutes, because it is an ARDUOUS FILM to process. The characters speak very fast, and talk a lot, so the subtitles go blazing past. You barely have time to see the words of one line, before another replaces it. Mercifully, the main subtitles are large and white, and easy to see against the many dark backgrounds, but their velocity is not for the headache-prone. In addition, all the characters are identified onscreen with very small Chinese and English printing, and the events transpiring are also given historical documentation (dates and explanatory text) in microprint above the main subtitles. It's like speedreading three books at once, while you are watching a movie. I have a home theater with a 10' screen, and I bought the Blu-ray, and those are the only reasons I could get through the film. Trying to watch this on a TV, even an HD TV, would be infuriating, I think. It was meant to be a theater experience, not a TV show.   I also detest chop-socky films, and this production is free of that for 98 minutes. I guess they couldn't resist putting in one ludicrously incongruent MA clown fight, the gravity and tone of the rest of the film only serving to exaggerate the inappropriateness of doing so. Imagine Kenneth Mars' Nazi character from The Producers in Schindler's List and you get the idea.   All in all, though, it is a handsomely mounted and high-minded look at a corner of history not many of us are likely to know very well. I good biography of Sun Yat-Sen would probably clarify things. My one real complaint with the serious history is that it is easy to lose track of which side you're watching during the battles. The movie moves quickly, and can be confusing. It also doesn't help that the foreigners are mostly poorly acted, cardboard characters, but they don't have much screen time.   I think the ridiculous paean to the Communist Party at the end of the film is probably just a thank you for filming in China, and no big deal. It might even be perceived as a veiled comment that the revolutionary ideals discussed at length in the film have not yet been realized.   Amplified in translation
 I'm a military history buff, not a Jackie Chan fanatic, so, I didn't expect this to be a kick fighting movie - it's not.  This movie has sweeping cinematography and absolutely epic sets and battle scenes, but it's all lost as the story telling is extremely poor and the microscopic white font story boards are absolutely impossible to read.  Even pausing the DVD, you can't read them on a regular television set because the letters are so small that anything but a high-definition television cannot seperate the pixels enough to make them readible - no joke.  The movie jumps around constantly, from the actual revolution to several years before, so if you're not paying VERY close attention, you will get lost quickly.  It also introduces FAR too many characters, most of whom don't live long enough in the movie to have seemingly even warranted an introduction.  Jackie Chan IS in this movie quite a bit, so I don't know what those complaints are about.  Chan does a fantastic job of dramatic acting in this one, not his normal fare, but he does a great job.  The problem is, he has directed and written a movie that's completely scrambled.  I LOVE historically based period movies and this one has all the ingredients to be an epic classic - however, it's so jumbled up that it's almost painful to try and watch.  Also, this IS NOT about anything "communist as some have stated, this was the 1911 revolution to establish a free Chinese Republic - NOT a communist state.  The weapons, uniforms, and battle scenes warranted three stars, but this movie needs to be doctored, spliced together in a different fashion, and have the voice overs changed by someone who knows what they're doing.  It is very poorly written, poorly directed, and very poorly edited - but, the cinematography and scenes are literally nothing short of superb.  Can't really recommend it unless you get it bargain basement, but the battle scenes would be worth it if you could buy this DVD on the cheap.
 Yet, it just does not all come together. I have seen several good Asian movies such as Brotherhood and Assembly. All of them at least have a flow to them. The dialogue is in normal speed & you can easily read all of the subtibles. This movie looks like whoever wrote it was on speed. The movie jumps around so quickly & the people speak & act way too fast. I could read about only 40% of the subtitles.  The scenes are not really tied together, the written commentary is way too small & moves far to fast. The scene should be paused until one can read it.  Frankly, this is the kind of thing that could have been avoided if the director had a close & honest friend watch the movie & suggest changes.  1911 feels like playing an old 33 record lp at 75 rpms. It simply does not work. It truly is a pity as IF more time were taken to develop the first 2/3 of the film, the action & dialogue were slowed down the film was about 20 minutes longer to tie scenes and events together, 1911 could have ended up a good film. Unfortunately, it just doesn't pan out.
 This film was made to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution or Hsinhai Revolution also called The 1911 Revolution. It was part of a series of uprisings against the last Imperial dynasty that of the Qing Dynasty. The starting point is the Wuchang uprising where Jackie Chan playing Huang Xing leads a small group to slaughter, but inspired others to become `martyrs' for the cause.  That is the historical basis for the film and the makers did try to get as much of their version of history across as possible. A lot of the reasons for the revolt were an accumulation of grievances and the out moded feudal system that still persisted by the Manchu minority ruling over the Han majority; this is not really touched upon in the film. What we do have is the work of revolutionary fund raiser Sun Yat Sen played by Winston Chao, and his efforts to thwart more foreign aid going to the Qing's coffers. There is also the internal politics and screaming self interest that goes on at the Imperial court.  All of this is balanced fairly well with lots of fighting that is done in that colour filter way to add realism and on the whole is very good. The problem here is speed and editing. Every time a new character or location appears we have small print sub titles coming up in both Mandarin and English. Not only are they nigh on impossible to read on even a large TV, they also appear for a few seconds whilst at the same time the other subs for the dialogue appear too. Even using the pause button it was still a bit of a chore.  Then we have the foreigners who are all cardboard cut outs and played by some D list drama school drop outs, they even all appear to be dubbed; which is woeful. They are presented as all detestable and rude whilst being smug and selfish, whilst all of the revolutionaries are shining beacons of self sacrifice and service to the nation. We do have some ambiguous characters but they get so little screen time that we do not get much of a chance for any intrigue to build up. Also the other characters, of which there are many, are all only bit players so little chance to get much in the empathy bank too. I feel they tried to cram too much history in and were unsure of the vehicle, so had a kind of action propaganda idea with a love interest shoe horned in between Chan and Bingbing Li.  This also appears to have been edited down from the original film from 118 minutes to 95 or so, and I have no idea why; you do get over 100 minutes of extras though. This was co-directed by Chan and he may have bitten off a bit too much, also it is painfully obvious that allowances were made for the Chinese authorities who see the 1911 revolution as the beginning of modern China, which of course it was not, as that was fought for a republic and not a centrally planned Communist system.  All of that aside this is far from being a turkey, it just could have been a lot better historically and even failing that as a film, it is too busy, too rushed and too ambitious with too many barriers to achieve that ambition. In the end we have a passable film that is part action and part political shenanigans. This has scored particularly badly on Rotten Tomatoes, in the single figures at present, but that could be because in America this was billed as a Jackie Chan movie, and it is not a martial arts fest, he only does that in one scene, and is trying to do serious drama. Whilst that is all well and good, I think next time he might want to let someone else sit in the director's chair.
 The production values in this movie are stellar. There are massive war scenes and other extremely expensive scenes, with a "cast of thousands. What kept this movie from being great was the fact that, every few minutes, there would be script in the middle of the screen explaining who certain people were and what events were happening from a historical perspective. The problem was that the script was MINISCULE - impossible to read without pausing the movie to either walk up to the screen to try to read the words, or click the "Zoom two or three times. Adding to the problem was that the subtitles were still clicking along at bottom of the screen at the same time I was trying to read the script in the middle of the screen. Even if the script was large enough, I still wouldn't have been be able to read the script and subtitles at the same time. After about 30 minutes of doing this, I finally gave up watching the movie. Way too much of a hassle. And since I would be unable to follow what was going on (being unable to read the script), there was no point in continuing. Why didn't Jackie put the script in larger letters, and show the script on a blank screen for a few seconds, temporarily stopping the action and stopping the dialogue? That way, I could have read the script, then gotten back to the action and the subtitles. It wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
 I love Julia Roberts so I enjoyed this movie.  But the plot is simple bordering on senseless.  Roberts plays a university instructor who moves from California to teach at a prestigious women's college on the east coast. The year is 1953, and her students, despite their many talents and above average intelligence, are more concerned about getting married and having a family and getting dinner on the table by 5 pm than anything else. Roberts thinks they should put their careers first. This attitude is explained by saying that Roberts is "from California, as if in 1953 women in California were feminists. California didn't become the hot seat of a new way of thinking until the hippie revolution in the late 60s.  Nor did women who went to prestigious universities in the 1950s have such little regard for a career. The head of the university is portrayed as some backward thinking foil for Roberts' progressive views, when in reality the heads of prestigious womens' universities were very progressive for their times.  So it's all kind of silly and the plot hardly  holds together. The significance of the title, "Mona Lisa Smile, is never explained. Still, if you like Roberts, and I do, you'll probably enjoy the film anyway. Just leave your brain behind when you sit down to watch it and enjoy.
 The Bottom Line
 A nice female coming of age story;a little choppy in places, a good "Chick Flick to be enjoyed on a lazy afternoon .
 I enjoyed this film but it wasent a great film to see over and over again. The charactors are likeable and the story is somewhat interesting. The story drags on at times but it has a good story and is insperational at tiems. It's not Julia Roberts best film but it's still enjoyable.
 I was prepared before seeing this to dismiss it as drivel, and in some sense it was. Although Julia Roberts was not terrible in this role by any means, I found her to be... not entirely believable in her role as a professor. Still, the kind of professor she was supposed to be and her ability to ruffle feathers and shake things up (being a more free-spirited California girl as opposed to the stuffy upper crust girls she teaches at Wellesley), that was more believable. Roberts has the kind of fired-up passion to inspire her students. More important though were the supporting cast of characters, her students, who fall into some stereotypical roles but who do so believably within the framework of the era (1950s); though being educated, they were being groomed for marriage and family life. Roberts comes along and tries to make each of them see that this was not the only option available to them. Julia Stiles and Maggie Gyllenhaal were particularly believable; Kirsten Dunst is particularly good as an insecure, spoiled witch debutante who revels in schadenfreude. I can buy that. Although there were some good moments here, and the film was fine enough, it was too much a female version of Dead Poet's Society and therefore isn't treading new artistic territory.
 I went in to this with a desire to like it and a belief that I wouldn't, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Though the concept seems a little outdated (shouldn't this have come out 30 years ago?), the strong cast kept up my belief that it was dealing with timely issues.  Indeed, I think the movie had less to do with the idea that women need to be able to pay for a room of their own and more to do with the need for greater sisterhood and the ways that women keep each other from succeeding, which was definitely put across more subtly.     The fact that it had a really good cast certainly helped it out.  Kirsten Dunst played the perfect b****, Julia Stiles the overachiever, and Maggie Gyllenhaal the s*** with a heart of gold, and though their plot lines were, for the most part, predictable, they carried their characters well and convincingly.  I liked Julia Roberts a lot more in this movie than I usually do, though her desire for support from Dominic West seemed both anachronistic with the ideas of the movie and something of a head scratcher.  Marcia Gay Harden played the saddest role in the movie very well if a little broadly, and even Tori Amos made a surprise appearance.     Unfortunately, it was just a little bit unsatisfactory, perhaps because it reckoned back to such Goliaths as To Sir, With Love and, of course, Dead Poets Society, and failed to provide anything particularly new besides an all female cast.  Still, it was better than it was made out to be, and its message was perhaps more timely now than it would have been 10 years ago.  7 out of 10.
 I really wanted to like this movie much more than I did, although I think there were several inspired performances which raised the movie from ho-hum to somewhat better than average. The biggest problem with the movie was that it has been done before, and much better
 Mona Lisa Smile starring Julia Roberts tries to be an inspiring film about young women making a difference in society but it fails to deliver that message. Robert's performance isn't so motivating especially since she's playing a college professor, her character doesn't teach the girls any valuable information, she preaches rather than giving them heartfelt advice. The supporting cast falls flat as well especially Kirsten Dunst but Gennifer Goodwin does shine in her role. Don't expect much from Mona Lisa Smile, feminisism is a more powerful tool than this film has to offer.
 I may be one of the few people who found `Dead Poets Society' ridiculously clich&eacute;d and ultimately unfulfilling.  Yes I understand that just about everyone and their mother loves that movie but I just couldn't see where the draw was.  `Mona Lisa Smile' is pretty much the all girl affiliate to `Dead Poets Society'.  You have a liberal teacher who is nothing like the tightwads that walk the school.  This time around the subject is art as apposed to poetry which is a form of art in itself.  In fact it's pretty much the same recycled experience except for one strange development.  This time it seems to work.  Not brilliantly, but `Mona Lisa Smile' is by all means a `good' film but far from a `great' one.  It captures the attention of the audience and handles some heavy matters with care and diligence, but it fails to elevate itself to perfection.  A big reason why this film works is the fact that its star, Julia Roberts, can make just about anything palatable.  Her performance is just what this film needed to make it entertaining and relevant.  Sure, this is far from her best start turn, but it is classic Roberts and it delivers on all fronts.  She's smart, commanding, witty and charming.  Roberts plays Katherine Watson, the newest addition to an all girl's college.  She immediately realizes that she is outnumbered in thought and tradition and is forced to face the fact that her presence is not truly appreciated by the staff and most of the students.  Taking place in 1953 the idea of college graduate is merely for title, not for application.  The idea that a woman would excel to be something more than a common housewife is ludicrous to these women and far from encouraged, it is shamefully discouraged.  Katherine Watson is a different bird altogether though.  She ruffles feathers as she pushes forward in encouraging her students to break away from the domineering brainwashing of society and think for themselves, think about what would make them happiest.  Her students range from the sweet natured overachiever to the shy and reserved `fat girl' to the misunderstood `loose girl' to the even more misunderstood aggressively heartless brat.  By the end of the film revelations have taken place for all of these girls and their lives are forever changed.  Julia Stiles plays Joan, the overachiever who dreams of being a lawyer yet is soon to be married.  In all due respects Julia is supposed to be our star next to the `other' Julia, but Stiles manages to get pushed to the background by her co-stars.  While her performance is decent the other three girls steel all of her thunder.  Kirsten Dunst is the epitome of evil as Betty Warren, and while this is far from her finest performance she is definitely effective.  The two standouts though are none other than Ginnifer Goodwin and Maggie Gyllenhall.  Their performances are layered and emotional and moving, and delivered with such perfection it's no wonder their careers are taking off.  The supporting performances by the likes of Marcia Gay Harden and Dominic West are effective in their own rights and take nothing away from the film, albeit not really adding anything either.  In the end `Mona Lisa Smile' is a sweet film that will touch the heart and satisfy the viewer.  It's not the type of film that moves mountains or changes lives and it's not a film that will stick with you forever but it will not leave you cold or distant.  It's good entertainment, but just don't expect it to be a masterpiece.  It is a bit clich&eacute;d and it is a bit generic.  We can all guess the ending before it comes and the revelations that face each girl are the furthest thing from original.  Like I said, this is recycling at it's best for it takes the same old thing and regurgitates it with different actors and a slightly altered setting yet it works slightly better than the original so bravo in that regard.
 Mona Lisa Smile is more about the mores of the east coast elite than art history as its name might imply.  As with many real life situations, conclusions are not drawn with crystal clarity, tending to make the viewer feel a lack of  closure.  And all of the characters do not necessarily grow as a result of their experiences; instead, they merely become aware of their own limitations.  Julia Roberts succeeds in playing the multidimensional role of the art history instructor by occasionally allowing the viewer to see the nonconforming liberal underneath the quiet and reserved historian.  The supporting actresses who play the roles of the students shine in their performances with the exception of Julia Stiles who just can't seem to sound natural in her elocution-smooth accent.  The faithful recreation of  the 1950s culture of this elite group, including fashions, home d&eacute;cor, TV programs, dances, and traditional activities of the college keep the viewer interested, as does a dynamic plot.  The main value in Mona Lisa Smile lies in the understanding of a generation of women who were taught to believe that marriage and housewifery was the only meaningful option for women of their class and that it was guaranteed to provide fulfillment.
 Better than I thought it would be. I passed this movie by at the video store for months, assuming it was probably just another romantic comedy, but perhaps far worse than average. Finally, at a loss for something to watch, I rented it, figuring my wife might like it and it might balance out all the action movies I rent that she hates.  While not a great movie, it does pretend to some substance. Julia Roberts is fun to watch in almost anything, despite my sometimes attempts to avoid her. Kirsten Dunst was more or less wasted in this film (in terms of her~hotness), which is a shame. It is a~one woman against the establishment film, and not Roberts best effort, but I fell into the groove pretty easily and dont feel all the negative reviews are justified. It is just a formula movie, but the formula is not one that is really objectionable.  -- Michael Erlewine, Founder of the All-Movie Guide (allmovie.com)
 Please, don't try to compete with 'Dead Poet's Society,' a brilliant film that should not be compared. 'Mona Lisa Smile' was okay. I feel as if I am being generous in saying that. I think that the portrayal of the times was rather accurate, however, I wasn't very satisfied with the movie overall. I wasn't quite sure how this teacher inspired all of the women in her class. They hated her and then all of a sudden, loved her. It seemed incongruent, and didn't make sense. Furthermore, I found some plot points annoying. Although I would watch it again if my mother asked me to, I would not purchase this film. Rent it instead.
 Okay, I suppose any idiot could tell that this was a chick flick based on two things
 I've just seen this movie last night and I've been moved to ponder over some of the more thought-provoking scenes for the whole of today. Julia Roberts, soon-to-be timeless Hollywood actress, never ceases to charm with her infectious smile and occasional girlish giggles a la Pretty Woman. The ensemble of up and rising young actresses however, do not get much screen time to fully explore and develop their characters. Nevertheless, this is quite a charming story. Superficially, Mona Lisa may have mirrored the much more inspiring and heart-wrenching tragedy of Dead Poets but Roberts' character is portrayed as being more self-serving. Catherine Watson, 1st year Art history teacher, came to Wellesley for the sole purpose of achieving her own purpose to make a difference and liberate the girls who are actually scared of their independence. Although her actions seem to stem from altruism, Dominic West's character rightly hits the nail on the head with the brutal truth - that Watson is really in Wellesley to see other people lead the life she really wants but never had. Choice was featured prominently in Watson's exchanges with Joan (played by Julia Stiles from 10 Things I Hate About You). Furthering one's studies and proving that a new age woman can still manage her family is Watson's ideal and Joan chooses rightly so to pursue her own ideal goal of family life instead. Ironically, Joan was the one who epitomised the ideal modern woman that Watson was fighting for - A woman who has the insight into what she really wants and what she does not and who has no regrets about her decisions about what she wants to do with her life. Joan is truly the non-conformist in this movie, refusing to conform to the traditional rituals of huge weddings, the expectations of a true-blue American wife and more importantly, Watson's expectations of a true-blue American modern woman. The other characters were sadly not given the opportunity to reflect the various gender issues and socio-political dimensions of the era other than the overused cliches of long-suffering wife with cheating husband, on-off-on-off and then on again relationships due to miscommunication (although the Men from Mars and Women from Venus pun was rather witty) and finally the self-destructing "New York Kite". Overall a charming movie saved not by Mona Lisa's Smile but Julia Roberts'. Take care of you
 but I wasn't expecting much either.  Roberts is okay - she's Julia Roberts and I gues that is really the most you can ask of her anymore.  Thankfully the girls take center-stage here and ultimately keep us interested in another one of those teachers-as-heroes films.  Dunst is quite the effective bitch here and she really does make you want to give her a smack. I really like Stiles, but she seems so contrived in this role.  Gyllenhall and Godwin are great.  Visually appealling and with a killer soundtrack (worth getting) it's not a bad way to kill a couple of hours.
 "Mona Lisa Smile is the type of female vanity piece that has to wink at its subject - in this case, smart Wellesey College girls caught in an era of intellectual oppression - to cater to the theater herd. The movie's telling a smarter story than it seems to, but it's buried underneath playing nice to all the types of women staring back from the seats.  Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts, who also produced) is a liberal California art history professor bent on suceeding at Wellesley, then (and still) one of the premier colleges solely for young women. Her reception is cold
 Personally, I didn't like this movie, don't know why my, sister wanted the DVD. Don't even know why she showed it to me and nevertheless, I'm not a big fan of Julia Roberts. This movie stinks. No other words. In my opinion it sucked. It might be good to someone else. I don't care. But am I not here to talk about the DVD? Yada yada its a great dvd. WHY? Cause I love special features. Ehh... Not really exciting special features though. yawn... Theres still one good reason to get this dvd. Its got kirsten dunst. The girl from spiderman. And any friend of spiderman is a friend of mine. (her acting sucked in this movie) (i'm not a geek or a comic book freak or a dungeons and dragons or chess player)
 In 2003, the film "Mona Lisa Smile which was a loose adaptation of the novel "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie by Muriel Spark was released in theaters.  The film which was released a week before Christmas did quite well at the box office (considering "The Lord of the Rings
 Woman power is the theme here. Though set in 1953, most of the Seven Sisters colleges, including Wellesley, still promote this brand of education
 Hollywood hates to let a hackneyed concept go to waste and will milk one success in the genre for all it's worth.  No attempt has really been made to obscure that this Julia Roberts vehicle is an all-female remake of "Dead Poets Society with Roberts in the Robin Williams role (unless switching the discipline of the teacher from English to art history could be called obscure.)  And, as is the case with the previous film, the young actors playing the students are far more convincing as inhabitants of an earlier period (the 1950s in both cases) than the adult leads.  In 1953, young first-year instructor Katherine Watson comes all the way from the 'progressive' Left Coast to the 'repressive' East Coast to teach art history at Wellesley College.  She lacks previous teaching experience or a doctorate and is a product of a state school, but we know from her gumption and her dazzling smile that she is eminently well-qualified for the post.  Once installed in Wellesley, she encounters the requisite stock characters
 I think that this movie wants to be a film about the empowerment of women, and there is nothing wrong with this.  The Julia Roberts character is likable and does a good job of depicting the now universally acknowledged notion in the civilized world that to be a complete woman does not have to attach herself to a man to attain self-worth.  (The ending of Under the Tuscan Sun cops out on this point.) The Julia Stiles character does a good job of depicting the viewpoint that the woman who COULD  have it all  isn't automatically wrong if she chooses to marry. There were a few narrative threads that were lost, though.  The Julia Roberts character is offered a  take it or leave it  proposal by the school board about 15 or 20 minutes prior to the end of the film, and then there is no further discussion about it or even a scene where you get the idea that Ms. Watson is  thinking about it .  There is, instead a final scene where you see what her decision is, but there is no notion of how the conflict was resolved, if only in her mind.  The situation was believable from a  real life  standpoint - I'm not privy to the private thoughts of people I meet in the world either - but the great enjoyment of literature and film is the ability to  get inside the heads  of the writers or characters, and in this case I was stuck outside Miss Watson's head wondering how she arrived at her choice and how she felt about it.
 Mona Lisa smile.  Oh, goodness, what a trip.  Having gone to an all-girls high school in New England that has always been a feeder for Wellesley (and the Wellesley of today is quite different than in the 50's), I was admittedly curious about the film.  However, all my good sense told me to stay away.  I had enough feminism shoved down my throat at that school to last me a lifetime.   That said, I eventually saw the film as a captive audience member on an overseas flight.  As they jumped in to the story, all the stereotypes came screaming out of the screen to me
 Mona Lisa Smile is a movie with some heart. I say *some*, in the sense that it won't get your pulse racing with either joy or outrage, but it does have a steady pace. It is a thoughtful story about young women finding themselves and developing true friendships in an era when they were not valued beyond their marriages by the rest of society.   Julia Roberts plays a fledgling Art History instructor in her first year at Wellesley College.  This is the 1950s, so her somewhat "Bohemian politics become a source of controversy to the staff of that conservative school as well as the elitist parents of the all-female student body (personally, I didn't quite buy that angle to Julia's character; she's just too warm and sweet to pull it off).But the girls love her, as she cares about their lives and takes the time to counsel them as individuals. Meanwhile, she has romantic entanglements of her own to sort out and is finding her own way in life even as she helps her students to find theirs. Ironically, although Julia Roberts is the lead, there are some much more outstanding performances by Julia Stiles and Kirsten Dunst.  I enjoyed the somewhat nostalgic look back at the `50s styles and the feeling of innocence in those times.  The students and their instructors face realistic life challenges in this story - what will I do with my life, who am I, what is true love, and when am I really a grownup? - that we can all relate to.  These are the best reasons to see this movie from my point of view. The paranoia of communism and the general oppression of that decade are also explored, perhaps a bit much in my opinion. Marriage is presented as detrimental to the freedom and individualism of the women who get  trapped  into it.  There is a statement being made by this story, which practically shouts itself at the audience "Isn't it great that women's rights have come so far since then?!?  Yes, indeed it is great that we have so many more choices now.  I just wish the feminist agenda wasn't so heavyhanded, so obvious here.   So, go see this movie for the warm look back at America's last days of innocence and politically correct conservativism.  See it because you like stories of young women coming of age.  Expect to have a nice time with no huge highs or lows emotionally. -Andrea, aka Merribelle
 Julie Roberts portrays Katherine Watson an Art History Professor beginning her first year of teaching at the prestigious Wellesley College in the Fall of 1953.  As a Native of California she moves to New England for what she believes to be a great opportunity to teach other women.  What she finds is a great invisible wall that divides her from her students by breeding and class not to mention ideals.  Katherine Watson is energized by individuality and free thinking.  Her students are driven by social status and the goal of marriage.   The Wellesley students are all young women of high society.  Their main focus in life is to find the perfect husband, live in the perfect house and have an "x number of children.  They are instructed on how to help their future husbands advance in their careers versus having one of their own.  They are schooled in taking a back seat to everyone and everything. The theme of feminism is not missed here.  Watson poignantly points out to her students that women have made various educational advancements only not to advance on a personal level.  More education has merely placed more pressure on women to become what society deems the perfect wife and mother in her fancy dress, high heels and pearls will vacuuming the house and having dinner at 5.  Watson wants the girls to see their own potential.  Mona Lisa (Watson's nickname due to being an Art teacher) is just a few generations ahead of her time.
 When I first saw the trailer of the movie, I was expectiong a female version of The Dead Poets' Soceity, if not, The Emperor's Club. However, after watching it, the movie is not even close to be compared to their male counterparts. I am not saying school movies about females are worse than ones about males. What I am trying to say here is that if the movies are about female students, there are issues to talk about. Technically speaking, the direction and script will be more challenging in order to strike a balance. If this job is handled well, another great movie will be produced; if not, the movie will just become a flop, like Mona Lisa Smile. This movie is too aggressive and the plots centres on too many characters, which confuses the audience on thinking about or even locating the pivot of the movie - the teacher, Katherine Waston (Julia Robets) or her students? The movie was set in the early 1950s, when the Second World War had finished for almost ten years and women were trying to find new roles in a society. The students in a traditional school were molded to be conservatives and traditionalists. Katherine Watson, as a bohemian, appeared and showed them new angles of looking at art and their lives. Her students did the pre-reading of the class and knew very well about the syllabus. Katherine, amazed and stunned by this, introduced contemporary art into the class. With this, she emphasized the destined roles of women should not be marriage anymore. Despite her effort, many of her students still sought refuge in marriage and romance, even herself. Half of the movie talked about her enlightenment on gender stereotypes, but everything seems to be futile and unfruitful when we see one student getting married after another. The movie fails to show the impact of Katherine Waston as a teacher on the students' lives. Even if the impact is a failure (as in The Emperor's Club), it still has to show her ideas fail. In other words, Katherine Waston and her students appear on screen as two separate entities. The movie is a jungle path through which it is trying to find its focus, and so is the audience. The movie wastes the excellent cast - to a certain extent, I think Marcia Gay Harden is a miscast. She is the kind of emotionally rich and overflowing actress who took up Pollock and Mystic River. Her constraits in emotional expressions and manners fail to convince the audience. If the movie is made by a female director, things may be different. Another condition - if I was not a school teacher, I would not have given a pass for the movie.
 My wife loved this movie but I thought it was only a 5 out of 10 at best.  Julia Robert's lips annoy me to no end and her character in this film simply didn't ring true to me nor did any of the other characters, because they all seemed to be so exaggerated.  I was in college during this period and while things were a great deal more conservative than they are today I don't recall them as being as conservative and uptight as this film portrays.  None of the girls I dated during this period felt that their future was tied to some man.  In fact several of the girls (women) that I knew and dated during this period went on to have significant careers (and marriages).  I cannot believe that any mother would expect her daughter to stick by a philandering jerk like this film would have you believe.  Julia Robert's character was there to teach art history but seems more focused on getting her feminist agenda across than doing her job.  Furthermore her view of art seemed rather narrow much like teaching music appreciation by focusing exclusively on Rock.  I thought she should have been fired for failing to teach the subject.  I also couldn't or didn't understand the affair between her and the smarmy philandering teacher who was bedding his students.  Even a blind man could have seen from the outset what this man was like and a feminist like Robert's was supposed to have been would not have tolerated him for a minute.  In fact, reporting him to the administration would have been more in character.  Overall I thought the film was entertaiing and I watched it to the end.  As I said my wife loved this film and thought it portrayed life as she knew it during this period.  Not being a woman maybe it did, but for me the entire film was exaggerated and unbelievable.  Julia Robert's looks like she has fish lips -- very annoying to me, but that is just personal.
 I'm a little late with my review here - I went to see this one at the theater when it came out, just because I'd heard Tori Amos was going to be in it. Too bad her screen time was less than five minutes, and you have to buy the soundtrack to hear the entire songs ("You Belong to Me and the witty "Murder He Says"). She looked and sounded as gorgeous as always, though it was odd to see her singing away from a piano. I bought the soundtrack and liked some of the other songs on it as well.  Julia Roberts' character was kind of annoying. Hmmm, having an affair with a lying womanizer doesn't seem like the feminist thing to do...just a tad hypocritical.
 While a bit formulaic, MONA LISA SMILE manages to escape the chains of the "inspiring teacher format, if only for short periods of time.  During these moments, we feel as if we are glimpsing something real, a teacher who is not invincible, who does not know everything, etc.  Like many films about teaching these days, the plot suffers from a dual burden
 Here's the skinny
 Here is the setting
 "I thought I was headed to a place that would turn out tomorrow's leaders, not their wives.  It would be easy to say "here we go again with this film, because Mona Lisa Smile follows much of a plot we have all seen many times before. It is yet another take on the "good-hearted yet radical and initially misunderstood teacher making a difference to the lives of troubled students while battling the stiff-upper lips of the conservative school establishment story. Heard it all before haven't you? It's The Emperor's Club at a pinch and Dead Poets Society without a doubt, but with one major difference. This time it's girls in the main roles of teacher and students. A sort of "Dead Poets for chicks if you like. It's even set in the 1950s New England area of America in an ultra-conservative and extremely well-to-do college, so the parallels with the Peter Weir classic of 1989 are uncanny. A pretty decent ensemble cast has been gathered for this film with the likes of Julia Roberts, Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Marcia Gay Harden all playing major roles, while directing duties are handled by Mike Newell, the bloke responsible for Four Weddings and a Funeral and Donnie Brasco among others.    Julia Roberts stars as Katherine Watson. She has just arrived at the elitist Wellesley College in Massachusetts to teach art history to the bevy of wealthy young ladies who attend the college. Katherine is in her early 30s, is single, and hails from California. She carries with her a slightly new-age way of looking at things. This is probably the most implausible aspect of the film since her character seems more like a late 60s model of woman rather than the 1953 version. Anyway, she lands at the famous college for young ladies to teach the history of art, and from day one realises she is in for more than she initially expected.  The girls enrolled in her first class are all completely versed in practically everything she tries to teach them in the first lesson. It seems they have learnt their textbooks by rote and are simply looking for an easy pass in this most boring of subjects. It doesn't take long before Katherine realises with some angst that most of the girls attending the college are merely biding their time before they get married to some eligible young beau, most probably from neighbouring Harvard University. Wellesley is merely a finishing school disguised as a college, she laments. This theory is reinforced when she learns there are even lessons for the girls on such subjects as grooming and deportment, manners, and incredibly, how to stage a dinner party properly. But Katherine wants to fight these archaic traditions and so tries to open the girls' minds to some alternative ways of looking at things (such as modern art), and also raises the possibility of them pursuing other things after they leave the college - such as going to law school. It is this latter point that she presses home with the incredibly bright Joan (Julia Stiles), who is intelligent enough to pursue a law career, but has not looked past the fact that she will hopefully be married and caring for her new husband when she leaves college. At the same time Katherine manages to exact the venom of another student and editor of the school newspaper, Betty Warren (Kirsten Dunst). Betty is about to be married and cannot possibly imagine why Miss Watson would be campaigning for her students to be thinking of anything other than a home, a husband and a family. Her vitriolic attacks in the paper attract the attention of the faculty, and worse, the alumni, which includes Betty's mother and seems all-powerful at making staffing decisions for the school. Katherine is also feeling the wrath of the faculty when she starts to become romantically involved with the Italian professor, Bill Dunbar (Dominic West) which is just one of a fair handful of romantic liaisons that form the basis of this story. Can Katherine make the girls see the error of their way and convince them to see past a life tied to the kitchen and vacuum cleaner? And can she do this before she gets the boot from the conservative and staid school establishment? Well you'll just have to watch to find out.  There isn't much original about this story at all - we've seen it all before and truth be told in a much better way. I remember walking out of the cinema after seeing this and wondering just how do scriptwriters get away with lifting so much material and inspiration from another film. It is really quite obvious that Dead Poets Society has formed the core of this script idea, but for some reason all the really good bits of that film, the pure agony of being a teenager and living with parental expectations - the emotional centre if you like - has been removed. What we are left with is a rather pedestrian, by-the-numbers film that will entertain, but will hardly make anyone think too hard.
 This is basically what is called by guys worldwide a  chickflick . Apart from that, it's an alright film. It's based in the fifties, with a bunch of girls who are at  finishing school , and get to take days off just because they're married. And the teachers etc, turn a blind eye!  There's a great cast in this, including of course Julia Stiles, mega-watt grin Julia Roberts, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Kirsten Dunst playing only what can be described as not a very nice girl. The actresses are great, and really dress, act and sound like they're playing fifties gals. I'm not quite sure who my favourite character was. Maybe Giselle (Maggie Gyllenhaal). She was the one who basically slept around. I really did think she was going to be the one who ended up pregnant, but she never did. (She was also given contraception by a member of staff, who in turn got sacked!) There are quite a few scenes where she looks almost teary, and says to the teacher she had a fling with that they  needed to talk . But this storyline never seems to go anywhere.  The extras are OK on this DVD, there are some fascinating statistics about girls/colleges then and now. The statistics are really mindblowing. Apart from that, you've got an Elton John music video, a couple of standard featurettes, and not much else. This is a good film, despite being a little too long, and tedious. If you can sit through it to actually review guys, you must have liked some aspect of it!
 This movie is...ok.  Julia Roberts and her other castmates shine but that's pretty much a given.  None of the characters were very well developed, except for maybe Kirsten Dunst's character.  Julia's character comes from bohemian California to stuffy, snooty Wellesley College in New England, where she is initially rather put-off by the cattiness of the students and faculty on one end, then the high intellectual aptitudes of her students on the other end.  I thought that in many place Julia's character stuck out like a sore thumb, in her hippie clothes and such...she looked just like she stepped from the pages of Us Weekly right into the movie.  Let's remember, we're talking about 1953...not 1963.  Her character is frustrated by the fact that she is dealing with some of the brightest girls she's ever met, yet their only aspirations seem to be to marry well.  She's afraid that all of her students will end up with a  Mona Lisa smile , smiling on the outside, but not really happy.  All in all I thought this was a neat movie, it was not well-rounded but it's unlike anything else that's out right now.  Be forewarned, it is a chick flick.  I have no idea who the guy is that played Julia's boyfriend from California but he was totally miscast.  He looked like he was old enough to be her father, and they had absolutely zero chemistry.  This made her  engagement  dilemma a little hard to feel.  This movie could have been so much better, especially with such a powerhouse cast...it would have been nice to see Julia's character interact more with her students...at the end when they're all running after her crying, it's a little hard to understand why.  Perhaps because she made them think like no one else had.  Still, we as viewers are left guessing, because it's not made obvious in the film.  This role was not a stretch for Julia, in some areas it felt like she was basically playing herself ( I figure I'll get married someday, but I'm not going to plan my life around it ...haven't I read that in People Magazine before??).  The faculty members (a lesbian is thrown in there for good political correctness), the students, the music, almost everything was right on the money for this time period...except of course, for the star of the show.
 "Mars
 My husband and I watched this movie one evening.  This is a difficult and frustrating movie to finish~If in real life you treat everyone in your family with equal amounts of love.  You might want to pre-view this first before watching it for family night.  Although it has good lessons. The way the parents have raised their girls is kind of messed up!  We chose not to show it to our children after previewing it.
 Chris has grown up with the show he must be going through puberty, his voice sounds very different now.  I loved the first 2 seasons but I must say season 3 is little slow pace and not as fun as the first two.  They have developed a several characters in the show (babershop boys, homeless guy, etc) but I personally dont find them funny at all.  I think the dad & mum are great though, brilliant actors!
 Though "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair and "The Yukon Affair are something like a two part episode, "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair appeared in UNCLE's first season while "The Yukon Affair appeared in UNCLE's second season. If you read on you'll find out why I'm only giving this volume only 3 stars. Episode 27 "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair The movie is a story of two sisters who have personalities on the opposite ends of the Bell Curve.  One is a career-focused workaholic lawyer, Rose Feller (Toni Collette),  who is drab and slightly plump.  Rose has one weakness of wonderful, colorful expensive shoes she can always fit, but never wears outside her apartment.  She also likes to fill her fridge with delicious Haagen-Dazs Ice Cream.  She has a younger sister, Maggie (Cameron Diaz) who is blond, tall, shapely, beautiful, dyslexic, binge drinker, and seductress.  Her sister Ruth is constantly rescuing her from parties, high school reunions, and one night stands.  Maggie also likes to borrow Rose's shoes - and wears them outside the home.  The movie opens with a rescue by Rose returning her to her parent's home.  The stepmother has had enough of Maggie's irresponsible behavior and throws her out of the house.  Rose takes her to her home.  Rose soon tires of Maggie's behavior, irresponsibility and failure to find a steady job.  The last straw is a heart-wrenching betrayal . Maggie seduces Rose's new and only love in many years.  He also was her immediate supervisor at the law firm.  Rose throws Maggie out of her home.  She is also so traumatized she quits the law firm she had dedicated her life to.  She survives and learns who really cares for her.  She also falls into a dog-walking job and finds true love with another lawyer she used to work with.  Maggie, looking for money to survive goes through her father's drawer and finds a bunch of hidden letters from her grandmother.  She thought the grandmother did not care about her or her sister so opens each one - a birthday card with notes of love and hope to see her.  Because she has no where else to go, she travels to Florida to see her maternal grandmother (Shirley McClain) in a Florida Retirement Community.  She wants to milk her for financial help but finds a new view on life.  It is amazing how Maggie learns to grow into a mature woman and the retirement community is a hoot.  The grandmother also wants to see Rose and finds Maggie is hesitant - so looks through her purse and contacts Rose to come visit as well.  The family secret of how and why their mother died is revealed and faced as the sisters remember the fun they had together.  After the grandmother and sisters  reunite they realize how they need and love each other and how important facing the harsh truth and forgiving is..  It is a good story for both men and women.  The family drama and laughs are honest and give us valuable lessons on growth and facing life's challenges.
 This story of two sisters--one the stereotypical workaholic and the other the cliched party girl--is touching in its way, though rather predictable and preachy.  The characters talk way too blithely and easily about emotional things.  A better film would have approached such conversations obliquely.  Whenever characters start telling each other how they feel in terms too open and like they're out of a psychology textbook, I can't help but wince.  That said, the acting is above par (Collette in particular does a marvelous job--as always--though she's been in many a better film than this one). MacLaine gives her usual off the cuff, yet multi-layered performance, and Diaz is well cast as the wild sister.  If you want a movie that touches on important family and personal issues without delving into them too deeply or realistically (e.g. everyone ends up friends, happy, all their probelms resolved)then this is the film for you.
 Rose (Toni Collette) is a slightly (very slightly) overweight lawyer in a large firm in Philadelphia, who buys an inordinate number of designer shoes. Her younger sister Maggie (Cameron Diaz)is a tall blonde loser, who wears the same shoe size, but doesn't like to keep much else covered up.  She's a slow reader, liar, thief, conniver, slob, and drinks and parties a lot. She can't or won't keep a job, she has no sense of morals or responsibilites, and she thinks the world owes her. When Rose gets tired of her mooching and kicks her out of her apartment, Maggie decides to stab her in the back in the worst way.  Okay, then a lot of good things happen and everything gets straightened out. But - the discrepancies
 Let's get this out of the way
 Toni Collette and Shirley Maclaine are great actresses. Cameron Diaz is believable here, but how hard is it to play a ditzy blonde, anyway? (For a great Cameron Diaz performance, see Things You Can Tell By Just Looking At Her.) So, the performers are up to the task. The script does not overdo it -- it doesn't veer off into unbelievability anywhere.  The only thing to complain about is the pace, the overall low energy level that continues on throughout the movie. Even the scenes that should be dramatic, like the older sister walking in on her boyfriend cheating on her with her younger sister, seem to have less impact and excitement than they ought.  I'm not one who minds movies with little action -- one of my favorites is My Dinner With Andre, consisting of two people having a two-hour dinner conversation. In Her Shoes just drags. Not horribly, but it drags.  If you have the patience, this is a pleasant movie. But I think it could have been so much better if it had been shortened by 25%.
 It's not a bad movie, I just lost interest half way through. I don't understand how then came up with this name for the movie.
 My problem with "In Her Shoes was that I read the witty and touching novel, a respectable bit of chick lit by Jennifer Weiner, not long before I saw the movie. The book made me laugh, mostly due to Rose's biting sense of humor; the movie didn't. (Although, in its defense, it's considered a drama and perhaps wasn't supposed to.)  Normally, I like Toni Colette as an actress. I thought she was brilliant as the the mother of the troubled "I see dead people kid in The Sixth Sense. But I didn't like her as Rose Feller, one of the two sisters whose disagreements and unshakeable bond form the core of this story. The acting is fine; it's the casting and writing I take issue with. First of all, Rose is overweight in the book, and this lies at the heart of her self-esteem issues. While Toni Colette did gain (and consequently lose) 25 pounds for the role, an oversized butt does not a serious weight issue make. And Colette's part in the movie is far too serious to do the Rose Feller of the book justice. The "real Rose compensated for her low self-image with a truly charming and self-deprecating sense of humor. This just didn't show in the film.  Cameron Diaz, while not one of my favorite actresses, makes a decent Maggie. Brook Smith (you might remember her as the serial killer's captive in Silence of the Lambs) does a great job as Rose's best friend, Amy, although I think her part could have been played up a bit more. Mark Feuerstein is charming as Simon Stein, although perhaps he's a little too charming. The Simon in the book was short and portly--not exactly Rose's ideal guy--and his efforts to win Rose over endear him to the reader. Feuerstein's portrayal of Simon makes him so cute you wonder why Rose didn't go for him in the first place.  The actress who truly shines in this movie is Shirley MacLaine as the girls' estranged grandmother, Ella Hirsch. Her dignified and decidedly low-key performance shows more poise and control than many of her more flamboyant roles of the past. MacLaine marvelously handles Ella's well-concealed grief over the loss of her mentally ill daughter (Rose and Maggie's mother) and her the resulting distance that loss placed between herself and her granddaughters.  There was some essential rewriting done in the novel-to-screenplay conversion, but overall it isn't too jarring. Instead of Maggie running away and hiding out on the Princeton University campus before heading off to find her long-lost grandmother in Florida, Maggie cuts right to the chase and heads to Miami immediately after a falling out with Rose. Instead of getting some smarts due to squatting in the campus library and attending lectures so she can blend in by pretending to be a student, Maggie discovers poetry via an elderly professor in the Miami nursing home for which she works. I found myself not minding this change, and Maggie's relationship with the aged professor was actually more touching than her skulking around Princeton could have been.  Overall, I think those who haven't read the book will find In Her Shoes a respectable chick flick. It hit its mark and left me sniffling and dabbing my eyes. What was missing, though, was the laughter. Jennifer Weiner's books will make you laugh, despite dramatic subject matter--the movie, unfortunately, will not.
 Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is this lying, backstabbing, mooch sister.  Diaz's sister (Rose) is a successful lawyer.  Apparently this movie shows how Diaz evolves and becomes a better sister, and how Rose stops being so uptight and learns to live life. Personally, if I was Rose, I would never forgive Maggie.  The Maggie character is a burden on Earth.  Most of the movie is able to hold the viewer's attention but some parts are kind of boring.  In Her Shoes is ok to watch once.  I must have had high expectations because this movie did not live up to them.
 while the Movie went into alot of areas from to time&couldn't make up it's mind if it was gonna be serious or funny there was a good story line about the relationship of two sisters,there father&there grandmother. the film kinda flip-flopped on certain issues&things,but the film was alright.Cameron Diaz did alright. Shirley Mclaine was alright though she has been playing the same role since She did"Terms of Endearment".this film had some good things going for it.
 I was a bit disappointed after watching In Her Shoes. It was pretty good, but not what I expected. Fairly predictable. Two sisters bonding with each other and their grandma. One gets married, one learns the meaning of life- and it doesn't have to include premarital relations. Not a movie for kids or a young teenager.
 I liked 'In Her Shoes', there are some funny lines in the movie,  but too much time was spent at the retirement home where Maggie  goes to mooch off her grandmother in Florida, and it slowed  down the movie and made it somewhat boring. I felt like  I was watching an episode of the 'The Golden Girls' most of  the time. I felt the relationship between Maggie and her sister should been the primary focus of the film, not the relationship  between the estranged grandmother and the girls.  Cameron Diaz is her usual adorable, irresistable self, and the  rest of the cast is good. I would like to see Hollywood give  Cameron a chance to do a dramatic role to see if she has the versatility to do comedy and drama like Meg Ryan.
 This movie is based on Jennifer Weiner's book of the same name. I enjoyed In Her Shoes, but since I read the book before I saw the movie I was dissapointed in the movie because of the noticable differences between the two.  The story-line is the same Rose and Maggie are sisters that have nothing in common, but their shoe size, but after a parting of the ways they find that they have to mend fences when the grandmother that they thought was dead ends up very much alive and well and living in Florida. Very good acting by Toni Collet and Cameron Diaz.
 If you read the book you'll want to see it thought it wasn't as good as the book.  Cameron Diaz played her part well.
 This movie is a chick-flick of the highest order, focusing on the difficulties and underlying love between the hot sister Cameron Diaz and the homely sister Toni Collette.  Many over-the-top emotional scenes designed to make women cry.  Certainly redeems itself with many shots of Miss Diaz in skimpy bikinis.  Watch it with your wife or girlfriend.  She'll love it that you volunteered to do a girl movie tour of duty and hopefully you can use that to get lucky.
 I added this to my netflix queue on a whim as I was browsing 'New Releases'. And I would like to say that I was pleasantly surprised by how charming this movie was.  It is the story of two sisters. Cameron Diaz plays the spunky getting-drunk-sex-in-the-bathroom sister. While Toni Colette plays the plain jane successful sibling. Sounds like a over-used plot, right ?  It is indeed so. But this movie is evidence that in the hands of a good director even the simplest of plotlines can produce standout movies. Curtis Hanson ("8 Mile , "LA Confidential") does a superlative job of ensuring that the movie doesn't walk the cliched lines (pun intended).  One of the best scenes in the movie, is when a blind professor gets the slightly dyslexic Diaz to read a beautiful poem by Elizabeth Bishop and explain what it means. The beautiful way in which he prods and coaxes Diaz into doing this, goes to show the amount of skill and patience required for teaching.  Most people would be quick to label this as a chick flick. Well, if having two female leads makes a movie a chick flick, so be it. I, a heterosexual man, am glad to say that I really enjoyed this 'chick flick'.
 Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette star as the Feller sisters
 "In Her Shoes features Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette as two of the unlikeliest sisters imaginable.  One (I'll let you guess which) is a promiscuous, perpetually unemployed alcoholic who is drifting aimlessly through life, while the other is an uptight Plain Jane who spends most of her time working at her job or finding her fulfillment in cheap romance novels largely because she doesn`t believe she deserves to be loved.  Even though they were apparently close as children, the two have grown apart of late, separated by the vast differences in their personalities and views on life.  When Rose (Collette) finally kicks Maggie (Diaz) out of her house, Maggie travels to Florida to stay with the grandmother (played by Shirley Maclaine) whom she hasn't heard from since the suicide of the girls' mentally ill mother many years before.  (One perplexing inconsistency in the screenplay involves the fact that Maggie, the younger sister, somehow knows she has a grandmother living in Florida, while Rose, the older, has no knowledge of the woman's existence at all).  Although it is overlong and occasionally languid in its pacing, "In Her Shoes is a fun movie to watch, primarily for the rich performances of the three leading ladies, who throw their hearts and souls into the characters.  They help to compensate for a certain contrivance in the plotting and the lack of conflict that results from Rose and Maggie being, for long stretches of time, in different parts of the country.  During the course of the story and through their interactions with others, the two young women eventually wind up acknowledging the hopeless direction their lives have taken and set out to rectify the situation, ultimately coming to embrace the indissoluble bond they share as sisters.  Based on the novel by Jennifer Weiner, the film, written by Susannah Grant and directed by Curtis Hanson ("LA Confidential, "8 Mile"), feels too artificial at times to be taken very seriously, but the actresses, professionals all, bring it home anyway.
 Warning, contains some spoilers  Ads for In Her Shoes make it look fun, but it's a family drama.  It is not unlike Terms of Endearment but with less sturm and drang.  Poised for a comedy, I instead saw an opening scene of a character retching in a toilet stall.  There was a plotline of attempted rape that I didn't want to behold.  The movie's opening scenes were slow and feeble, but it got better later.  After hating the movie for being falsely advertised, I eventually got into and found it to be a moving family drama.  It's a strange bait and switch, because the audience for a romantic comedy would seem to be similar to that for a family drama.  If you saw the ads you saw a lot of the sexy, funny, romantic comedy moments the film contains.  There are more, but not a lot more.  It's basically family drama and some wit and comedy mixed in.  The actors all do a good job.  Shirley MacLaine turns in a restrained, dead on performance as an elderly relative.  You get the feeling that her life experience came together perfectly with this part.  The director has a special fondness for Cameron Diaz's but.  It gets a lot of camera time.  It is a great but.  In Her Shoes is a good enough family drama that manages to be affecting.  There are some nice touches.  If you look at it, there are also things that are tired or don't make sense.  Most people who like this kind of movie could enjoy it anyway, at least now, with the crop of dogs we`ve been having.  I didn't understand why they made Mark Feuerstein wear glasses and slicked back hair.  He can look sexy, but that wasn`t a good look for him.  Maybe it has something to do with his character's description in the book.  I don't understand how Toni Collette's character can stand his character's behavior in restaurants, let alone date him.  The plot hinges on Collette's character being overweight and feeling undeserving because of it.  Specifically, she feels undeserving to wear the sexy high-heeled shoes she buys and puts in her closet.  I'm not sure I buy that one, (thongs, yes--shoes, no).  It comes from the book, obviously.  It certainly provides the title and many of the plot mechanics.  Toni Collette seems to be the go to girl when it comes to characters that are unfortunate or less than svelte.  Can't the movie industry find another actress who is capable of playing these parts?  For one thing, even though she gained weight for the part, she still probably weighed less than the average American woman.  For another, having slim actresses gain weight to play all fat parts in movies is the equivalent of having white actors wear blackface to play black characters.  I am sick of it.  There are good actors of size that need employment.  Put them on screen.  I didn't read the book that this movie was based on.  I believe that since most people who watch this movie will not have read the book, reviewing it from their perspective is valid.  People who have read the book may have a different take on the movie than I did.  ___________________________________  What do you think of all these overweight characters being played by skinny actors who gain weight or wear fat suits?  Can you name any talented actors of size that should get parts in movies?  You can discuss this by clicking on the link below.  __________________________________  Cerulean writes for &lt;a href="http
 On the whole, it's a pretty good adaptation, but movie adaptations often fail to live up to novels simply because you as the reader control the reading, or at least the one you hear in your head.  So there were several things about the movie that  bothered me.  Toni Collette is much too polite as Rose when she's kicking Maggie out of the apartment, although that's probably partly the fault of the scriptwriter, who drastically cut what Rose actually said at this point, and made it much more politically correct.  This was where I wanted to hear Rose vent a lifetime's worth of resentment and anger, just as she did in the novel. Plus, they left out the bit about the shoes at this point, which injected a note of humor even into this most fraught part of the book.  Plus this skewed the balance between the two characters.  Although, somehow, in the movie version of anything, it always ends up being about whoever is the most photogenic.  Not so in the book, which is really about both sisters equally.  But my main problem with this movie is, where are all the Jews?  Somehow we're supposed to believe that Cameron Diaz (who despite her name, actually looks Swedish), Shirley MacClaine, and Ken Howard are all Jewish.  I think Toni Collette does the best job of seeming Jewish, and of the actors playing major characters, I think Mark Feuerstein is the only one who actually IS Jewish. The rest of them don't quite manage it--I got no sense that these other actors either grew up speaking Yiddish (for the ones of the appropriate ages for this) or had immediate ancestors who did, that they felt the wrench of being automatic aliens because they practice a different religion than most of the rest of the country, or the automatic constant second-guessing of oneself that comes with a religious tradition entirely based on the Golden Rule.  Gotta have that yiddishe kvetch. . .
 Director Curtis Hanson has easily flitted between genres, going from the film noir of "L.A. Confidential to the gritty urban drama of "8 Mile with rapper Eminem. So it comes as no surprise to find him handling a family drama about the strained relationship between two sisters who are poles apart.  Cameron Diaz is Maggie Feller, the gorgeous, severely dyslexic party animal who can never hold down a job because she's too busy having a good time. Toni Collette is her elder sister Rose, the plain, Princeton-educated straight arrow lawyer with an almost non-existent love life.  Matters come to a head when Maggie is thrown out her father's home and moves in with Rose, only to end up bedding the man her sister is seeing.  Thrown out of Rose's home just after she becomes aware of the existence of long-lost grandmother Elle (Shirley MacLaine), Maggie heads off to Miami to touch base with her and maybe shake her down for some money.  Rose, disillusioned with her life, decides to give up her high-profile job with a law firm and become a "part-time dog walker and errand runner while she discovers herself.  Oh yes, there are some other skeletons in the Feller family closet - turns out the sisters' mother committed suicide and their father never got along with Elle.  Thereafter, the movie settles into tracking the parallel lives of the two sisters - Rose as she finds romance with former colleague (Mark Feuerstein) and Maggie as she learns about real life from inhabitants of the retirement community that Elle is a part of.  If all of the above makes you think "chick flick", perish the thought. Curtis Hanson is far too smart a filmmaker to craft anything like that, and he is helped tremendously by Susannah Grant's smart and literate script.  Witty repartee and one-liners come thick and fast, especially from the two sisters.  There is also a good turn by veteran actor Norman Lloyd as a dying old man who helps Maggie learn to read.  But "In Her Shoes is too languorously paced for its own good, and some of its relaxed moments meant to establish the characters could easily have been trimmed. There also isn't enough of MacLaine, who perfectly nails her role as the guilt-ridden grandmom.
 "In Her Shoes could have so easily been a disastrous film.  If it had stuck to the formula of being a comedy about two very different sisters, the result would have fallen flat.  To the extent that it also makes a careful study of human relations and how the generations can and do drift apart, the film rises above the dreary and pursues a path less travelled.  The two sisters are played by Toni Collette as the stuffy and less than beautiful one and Cameron Diaz as the ditzy blonde.  Their differences only serve to antagonise the other.  Indeed, the differences do ultimately reach breaking point and they go their separate ways.  Their eventual reconciliation is touching.  The film's credibility revolves around this very point.  The result is a success.  The director deserves credit for holding together a difficult formula that could have readily fallen flat.
 This review assumes that you have read the book and may have spoilers for the book/movie if you haven't.  I thought the screenwriter did a good job of adapting the book for the screen. The book is really long and a lot had to be trimmed and condensed to make the movie, which still ended up being two hours and eleven minutes long. I thought the choice to leave out Maggie going to Princeton was a good one - I found that part of the book to be unrealistic anyway.  I agreed with most of the casting choices. The main casting choice I didn't like was Cameron Diaz as Maggie. The scenes where she is trying to read a book to a man in the nursing home she works in are awful. I didn't find her believable as someone who has a learning disability. Actually, I don't think she's that great of an actress in general.  I know that some people thought Toni Collette was too thin to play Rose, but I wouldn't have expected them to cast a plump actress. Unfortunately that's just not how Hollywood movies work. Shirley MacLaine was wonderful of course - she was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Ella Hirsch.  Incidentally, when Jennifer Weiner spoke at the BEA Bloggers convention, she mentioned that she was really happy with how the movie had turned out. She strikes me as someone who would let the world know if she wasn't happy with it so I think she was telling the truth. It's always nice to hear that an author is satisfied with the screen adaptation of their book - it must be hard to let go of control over your characters and story.  If you liked the book In Her Shoes then I think you will enjoy the movie as well. I think fans of romantic comedies will enjoy this movie even if they haven't read the book.
 MR. LUCKY  is a delightful and stylish crime series that aired for only one season ('59/'60) and starred the dashing John Vivyan as "Mr. Lucky joined by his partner and friend "Andamo (played by Ross Martin). On October 16, 2012, Timeless Media Group will release this black and white series, in its entirety, with all 34 (30 minute) episodes on four discs.  Mr. Lucky is an honest professional gambler who wins a plush floating casino, the ship "FORTUNA", and uses it as his base of operations, staying beyond the 12-mile limit, where he could operate a gambling ship legally. Mr. Lucky plays host to a variety of people, all of whom make use of his luxurious facility. The business brings him into contact with numerous criminals and people hiding from criminals. (This continues even after Lucky changes his business to a floating restaurant, later in episode 16.) It's nice to see this series finally get a release to the DVD format.  PRINCIPLE CAST JOHN VIVYAN - "Mr. Lucky ROSS MARTIN - "Adamo TOM BROWN - "Lt. Rovacs PIPPA SCOTT - "Maggie  The special guest stars will include
 Overall the product is exactly the show you'd expect. But the recording on file has 2-3 minute dead spots where the commercials were. This isn't drawn from the disc editions, it's drawn from the TV masters.
 The only time you'll see tracks on anyone's arms here is when they are unceremoniously run over by a mid-18th century horse cart. First time director Jake Scott (read
 This movie is highly enjoyable action and adventure. Miller and Carlyle are an excellent team and manage to give really good performances with a  less-than-excellent script. Some of the period detail is extremely  interesting (what period detail there is). The reason I gave it three stars  instead of four are
 I'm going to call this volume the staff's "artistic phase". From start to finish, this volume was meant to be a metaphorical mind trip and it succeeds on many levels. While this certainly impressed me, it'll be interesting to see how much it impresses the general audience. This volume takes us into some very interesting places just to develop Honoka and introduce a new character and small plot hook but I completely enjoyed it none the less. While this series has been a little slow to grow on me, this volume has me quite anxious to see what happens in the second half and what else we're going to learn about our heroine. This is possibly the volume that will truly sell the series to future fans.
 Let me first say these episodes deserve 5 stars.  They essentially encompass the climax of the series' mythology (its most fascinating element) and are incredible in all terms
 Okay, so I might be biased, as this was one of my favorite books as a child, but I have to say that the changes they made in the transition between pages and screen are disappointing to say the least.  The girls are all much too old for about half the movie, but that was the least of my concerns.  Poor Winifred is turned into some child monster, which she never was in the book.  She was a sympathetic character with bum luck who would never have screamed and thrown a fit in the stairwell of a theatre.  More surprising was the way they made Posy into such a brat.  She was never, in the book, so vicious.  Sure, she was a dancing mimic and a bit of a clown, but she was never obnoxious and mean.  This is all minor, in my opinion, compared with what they did to poor Theo.  I guess the feeling was that this movie was not interesting to adults (although I'm sure my mother, another rabid Streatfeild fan, would disagree), so they killed off Mr. Simpson's wife, gave him a dead son, and set Theo and Garnie to fighting over him.  This is tragic.  What kind of an example is Theo to young girls, drinking in her basement room, and bemoaning her lost days as a Bouncing Babe?  Why was this necessary?  All in all, it was an okay movie but a horrid adaptation of a beloved children's story.  Sad.
 Love the book.  The movie is a bit weak, but sweet.  Worth a watch if you're a fan of the book and Emma Watson.
 This movie version of  the children's classic is well-acted by a lovely cast, but lacks the charm and interest of the original (which remains worth reading).  Still, suitable for family viewing, and, though the ending falls flat, moderately entertaining.  A chick flick for young girls.
 No blood, no smoking tires, no serial killers! And yet no boredom and falling asleep! Invite Your grand daughter and enjoy it! Sweet girls in a lovely story! Everything is fine in this little movie.
 A charming and appealing film with a theatrical feel. I think lots of tweens will relate to the three girls who have dreams that they strive for and have to learn how to achieve them when messy life gets in the way. This movie reminds me of the American Girl stories. I'm impressed with the young actress Yasmin Paige as Petrova; she shows remarkable talent. I found myself bored even though the pacing moved at a remarkable speed. Basically, I was entertained for an hour and twenty minutes but it's a forgettable film.
 Cute This movie was good for a quiet Friday with my little dancer. Thought there would be more dancing in it though.
 I got this movie to watch one weekend and found it fun to see where dancing would take the sisters. But when my mom and sisters wanted to watch it again and agian I found other things to do.  I haven't read the book, so I can't compare it to the movie. As far as the film goes it is entertaining enough to watch once and see what happens, but not great enough to rewatch as a classic.
 This movie was not what I expected, but was still a cute show. The way the family was formed was a curiosity. there wasn't a real strong feeling about the Movie. I should have rented it instead of buying it.
 I just purchased this film and watched it twice for a fair review. I thought the beginning and the ending was rushed; especially the ending. Too much smoking. Loved the characters and thought they were well cast. I bought it for grand daughters and don't know if I'll lend it to them because of the excessive smoking. I guess I anticipated something more like "The Railroad Children. This 2-DVD collection is comprised of TV interviews done by Tom Snyder on his late-night talk show "Later", broadcast during the late 1970's-early '80's. Disc 1 is a moderately insightful interview with John Lennon that was done in 1975, possibly his last televised interview. It is here being re-broadcast one day after his murder as a type of tribute. He talks some of the Beatles, the music of the day, drugs, songwriting,and some time is spent on his then immigration problems. His lawyer is also present for some of this. Later on Disc one, we are brought to the present (1980) with interviews one day after his death by interviews with Lennon interviewer and journalist Lisa Robinson and Jack Douglas, his producer on "Double Fantasy and who had just left Lennon hours earlier. Total running time of Disc 1- 65 minutes. Disc 2 is comprised of 3 separate interviews. The first is an interview done via satellite with Paul & Linda McCartney (originally broadcast on 12/1979) right before a concert in London. They speak of their music with Wings, some of the past with the Beatles, how they met, etc. No real nuggets of wisdom here. Wings' members Denny Laine and Laurence Juber join them for a time, and there is a clip of a music video of "Spin It On", something they had been working on. I felt as if Paul was trying to guide Snyder thru his clumsy interview process. The second interview is with Ringo and his new wife Barbara Bach, originally broadcast 11/81. He is somewhat emotional talking of Lennon's murder, also speaks of his role in "Caveman", his bout with partying too much, and his new LP "Stop And Smell The Roses". There is a clip of a music video of his "Wrack My Brain". The 3rd interview is part of the same program where Tom interviews actress Angie Dickinson. Total running time of Disc 2- 95 minutes. It was a different time for television, and it is all the more enhanced by the naivette' that is part of Snyder's persona. He appears as if he is the only one who has ever considered asking about a Beatles' reunion like it is some big scoop or something. Actually, he shuffles uncomfortably like a bashful schoolboy when posing questions about drug use or the Beatles' experience with groupies. All in all, a nice 2-Disc set if you are a big Beatles fan, a collector of stuff about Lennon's death, or are intrigued by classic television. I would try to find it for a fairly inexpensive price though.
 The murders in Juarez are real. This movie is a badly acted fantasy of revenge and holy intercession.  If there is a good movie about Juarez, I don't know what it is, but it is not this one.
 I agree that it may be necessary to change parts of a story to make the 2 hour limit common to most movies.  I think that the ending (without giving it away, if you care) goes counter to the vengence theme Mr. Dumas was weaving.  So as to who the Count winds up with may be an issue of what is acceptable to the movie industry racially, and it may just be a simpleminded simplification.  If you've never read the book, read it.  It is melodramatic.  The ending in it makes more sense than the end of this movie. As an aside, I think that Mel Gibson must have seen this movie and settled on Mr. Caviezel as the lead after seeing his portrayal of the imprisoned Edmond Dantes.  He is whipped 3 times in the movie and is made up to look astonishingly like the Jesus he portrayed in Gibson's movie.  Looks like he is being type cast.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is probably one of my favorite books. Its numerous, but inter-connected plot lines are filled with suspense, romance, and "you know you had it coming revenge. The movie adaptation of this novel was awful. Except for the title, character names, and a few other details, there is nothing in the movie that resembles the original. The movie only focuses on the struggle and revenge of Edmound Dantes, which turns out to be a watered down version of the book's. No amount of fight scenes would have saved this movie. Plus, the ending is completely different!!!!  I would only recommend this movie if you plan to NEVER read the book. If you have read The Count of Monte Cristo, DO NOT SEE THE MOVIE! It will only disappoint you. Like it did me.
 Unfortunately I have read the 1400 page novel and seen the movie versions starring robert donat and gerard depardieu.  hence this version is a trivial adventure flick, with nothing at all of the magic of the classic.  this might serve as an entertaining movie to a modern viewer with no idea what the real novel has to offer.  this is less faithful, hence less sophisticated, even than the classic comic book version.
 Alexandre Dumas was a fantastic author.  The novel he wrote of The Count of Monte Cristo is gripping and fantastic.  I have read this book several times and it is exciting each time.  The movie unexpectedly changes the book's intent from the point of the Count arriving in Paris.  The changes are not necessary to meet time constraints and change the entire persona of the count.  Yet another example of Hollywood screwing up great literature.  Films can be made that adhere to the intent of great literature while making needed changes -- the Lord of the Rings movies are all great examples of this.
 Sadly to say, this film is a barebone, cheesy adaption of Duma's original epic.  The original novel was excellent, it had taken the Count of Cristo decades to plot and carry out his revenge bit by bit.  It was sweet revenge at its ultimate; his enemies were slowly tourmented in a cat & mouse sort of game.  However in this movie, events fly by so fast that the entire story seems to happen over night.  Most key characters were either deleted or under developed, and large chucks of the main story lines were cutted.  These two reasons had made the Count's revenge very unsatisfying, as such it's my opinion that they had ruined a great story.
 I'm re-reading the Count of Monte Cristo right now for about the 5th time. This 2002 movie adaptation is highly disappointing. I'm convinced that sometimes creative licenses should be revoked when handling such great works of literature. This movie followed the story of Edmond Dantes like the movie O Brother, Where Art Thou? follows Homer's Odyssey. The name of the movie could have been changed and I would have been thoroughly entertained by the action, intrigue and plot.  Of course, you're turning French classic literature into a 21st century feature-length screenplay, so timelines are squeezed, characters are omitted or combined, and themes are condensed to appeal to a passive, movie-going audience. The fact that the one treasure chest in the book being translated to dozens of chests in the movie attests to the culture and economy differences between 19th-century Europe and 21st- America. I can't imagine Dumas' original to be handled comprehensively with anything shorter than a mini-series. But this movie told a completely different story with the same names and places. Not only were dozens of dramatic and plot-filled scenes removed, too many scenes were fabricated. I say again, if the movie's name was changed and was admitted that it was only loosely based on the novel, then I would probably vote it up.  I would encourage anyone to pick up a copy of the original <a href="http
 To those of you who have recently read The Count of Monte Cristo, I would advise against this film. The story in the movie is so completely different than what Dumas writes - perhaps revenge is the only common denominator. Examples
 This story is based on the classic Alexander Dumas book. The story is about friendship, jealousy, betrayal and then the best part the ultimate revenge and then love rediscovered. I believe this book has been adapted to the silver screen several times but I have only seen the version where Richard Chamberlain plays the count and despite Chamberlain's obvious acting limitations I much preferred that version to this updated one. The main reason for this is that the way the revenge comes together in that movie seemed to be more cunning, complicated and satisfying.   The story is based around two friends who have sailed the world together. One grows jealous of the other as even though he(Guy Pearce)is a member of the aristocracy; the other (Jim Caviezel) is more popular respected and also has a love-life. The Pearce character plots a dastardly plan removing Caviezel from France and sending away to a life term in prison where he may just as well be dead. The prison scenes are quite awful with some pretty dire dialogue and lines coming from the prison warden and are only made interesting by the brief appearance of fellow prisoner Richard Harris. Harris tells Caviezel of the vast riches to be found on the Italian island of Monte Cristo. Caviezel who was quite a loving character has now understandably changed and is obsessed with getting revenge on the three characters who placed him in this predicament. This aspect of the film I found very dissappointing-in fact some of the scenes are very poorly done. The counts reappearance to public life is way over the top and looks more like a scene from Moulin Rouge. The revenge on the attorney which takes place in a steam room is utterly absurd. By the time he reveals himself I found I really didn't care less anymore and was quite looking forward to the closing credits!  I had anticipated having scene the trailer that this would be a lavish period drama with no expense spared. This movie at times is quite the opposite-the scene set in Rome is a terrible recreation and in facts looks like just a small studio setting. The scenes set in Marseille and the final scene could also be described as being pretty lame. Still though the fact that this is such a marvellous story saves the movie and would make it worth watching if you are unfamiliar with this classic novel.
 Will Hollywood never learn to stop making movies after Dumas' books? After several failed attempts at the musketeers ("The Musketeer", "The Three Musketeers - with Charlie Sheen et al, "The Man In The Iron mask with Leonardo Di Caprio and who knows how many more I have fortunately missed), they try their hand at "The Count of Monte Cristo", another wonderful book by Mr. Dumas. Unfortunately, nothing is the same as in the book except for the name and the general plot. If these people don't have enough faith in Dumas and his literary talent to respect  his stories and his characters and put them to the big screen the same way he has written them, why do they bother using them?  For somebody who has never read the book - and I think last night in the theater that was unfortunately true for more than half of the viewers - this might come off as a good adventure movie. The settings are great, the costumes are great, it has plenty of action and romance. And the two principals - Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce - are two good actors in their own right, I have enjoyed them in several movies. Jim Caviezel is particularly striking in his appearance and I think he would have been able to give his character the depth and mystery that Dumas' Dantes has, if he had been given the chance. But he was not. Hollywood takes a wonderful and deep story of a man's betrayal, revenge and quest for justice and turns into just another action flick. The characters have almost nothing in common with their book counterparts. Dumas' Dantes was a troubled and mysterious man who was using only his machiavellic intelligence and subtlety to defeat his enemies. This Dantes engages in sword fights and even fist fights, for Pete's sake. He also makes his grand entrance to his parties in a balloon, like he was Michael Jackson or something! Dumas' Mercedes was a proud and poor girl of Spanish ancestry, strong and noble. This Mercedes is just a weak girl, a commerciant's daughter who comes along as easy and a little silly. Dumas' Mondego was Mercedes' cousin, poor like her and with hidden ambitions, capable of subtle betrayal (like he betrayed Haydee's father, for those who have read the book). This Mondego is a son's count and just a petty man.  They change characters' names and actions. I will not reveal the most exaggerated one of all, but I will only say it almost topped D'Artagnan turning out to be the king's father in "The Man With The Iron Mask". Also, they changed the ending of the romantic part - but this seems to be a problem with all adaptations of this novel, nobody seems to accept that Dumas didn't want Dantes to end up with Mercedes. They leave out more than 70% of the characters - if not for the other problems, perhaps I would have been able to forgive this one, since it would have been hard to fit in the complexity of the novel in just over 2 hours or so. They add several face-to-face combats which serve no purpose other than satisfying the modern taste for such things. They make Jacopo the comic relief of the movie, uttering silly sentences fit for a B-rate comedy. I could go on forever. And Dantes' great revenge upon his enemies, which took years of careful planning, is solved with rashness in 45 or so minutes, less than half the movie, skipping over everything, never being given the importance it has in the novel, to make room for the romantic part and the sword/fist fights. This is definitely the last Dumas adaptation I'm ever going to watch. Although it is clearly better than any of the Musketeer movies, it is still a disgrace.
 This is a very good movie but, the only thing it has in common with the book is the movie has some of the characters.  There, that's it.  The movie could have been named anything but, not "The Count of Monte Cristo.  If you really want the whole story, read the book.  It's a great book.  A good movie but, it has nothing to do with the book.
 I wanted to like this, I really did. There is a great cast, beautiful cinematography, costumes, swordfights etc...all the elements are there but it doesn't jell. I haven't read the original Dumas novel, but I have seen a couple of the previous versions of this story, so I know that not only are some critical plot elements sadly lacking, but the main theme of the novel -- that revenge is ultimately WRONG, however delicious -- has been butchered. I honestly realize that films need to be heavily adapted and compressed from their novel origins in order to make sense and not run for 100 hours. But the intent and purpose of the original author should be at least honored, if not literally followed word for word. The most serious flaw (besides messing up the whole revenge thing) is that this is a tale played out over the lifetimes of the characters...it has to be, to make dramatic sense. By  hurrying  it up, and refusing to age the very attractive, young cast members (James Caviezel, Guy Pearce, Dagmara Domincyzk, etc.) the sense of the story happening over a lifetime is utterly lost. Even the styles of the costumes do not change, although more than 16 years have elapsed. Edmund Dantes  disguises  himself as the Count of Monte Cristo merely by growing a beard! and his hair isn't even slightly gray athough he is in his mid-40s or later. Mercedes never passes a day over 25...get me her moisturizer, PLEASE. Because so little is at state emotionally, there is no payoff at the end and since the theme has been butchered, Edmund learns nothing about revenge OR mercy, making his lengthy odyssey meaningless. What's good? Again, gorgeous location filming and sets. Some good cameos in smaller parts (Michael Wincott is wonderful as the warden of Chateau D'If, with all the most amusing lines but as the character is utterly invented for this version of the story, you can't help but think that he has wandered over from another, better movie somewhere.) The DVD is total eye candy, with beautiful graphics and some great extra features. This is the ultimate proof, I think, that a good movie is 9/10th a good script. The DVD interview with conceited &amp; self-important screenwriter Jay Wolpert is evidence enough where this project went awry -- Mr. Wolpert clearly thinks he has it all over Dumas and is pleased as punch with how he has altered the classic story to his own way of thinking. NOT. In conclusion...a forgettable disapointment.
 The cast was good as was the the movie in general were it not for the fact that the story was so different from the actual book.  It was a real dissappointment to say the least.
 I've never read the book so I cant compare, but I do remember that the film itself was quite boring at times and just too long, or at least it felt long. Normally I love movies like this, but this just didn't do it for me. The acting was OK, nothing special stuck out out for me. The set pieces and costumes were very well done however, which I think is essential in a movie such as this. Other than that, I would skip it.
 As a movie the Count of Monte Cristo is entertaining on its own but when compared to the book it is horrible.  There are several instances where Hollywood had its way with the plot.  The revelation about who Alberts real father is being the worst.  This did not happen in the book.  The movie lacks the style of the book.  The Count was much more subtle and devious in the book and never stooped to getting is hands diry himself.  I also don't recall any sword fights in the book (although they were decent, but nothing spectacular).  As I said, taken on its own the movie is entertaining but it deviates terribly from the book which is superior in everyway.
 I love the book, which supposedly means I'm in no condition to enjoy a good movie, much less know a bad one when I see it. Anyway, I put off watching this thing because I figured they would screw it up. But actually, the first third of the movie was pretty good. My hopes rose, foolishly, and then the harsh glare of bad scripting sent them crashing into the sea. The 1975 version is vastly superior, being much more believable and stylish. This 2002 effort isn't exactly awful, mainly it's just boring. The Caviezel fellow did a nice job in the first part of the film, playing the naive sailor/prisoner. The conversion to the Count was never believable, however, always coming off as a bit of a putz. He simply didn't fill the role. The scenes with the Abb? Farria were the most successful. And although the Chateau d'If whipping scenes were gratuitous, and the book never actually portrayed the landing on Elba, I think they enhanced the story. So there! So the betrayal, false imprisonment, suffering, and relationship with the Abb? weren't badly done. Caviezel played the prisoner bit very well, and it seemed a real evolution was going on as the years went by. Thus, the set-up of the main plot was accomplished, but the execution was definitely botched. It all went downhill with the hot air balloon bit. It was stupid. I like Luiz Guzman, but what was he doing in this movie? His absurd portrayal, I guess some see it as "comic relief was just campy, just plain bad, and the rest of the movie sank like a stone. Caviezel's "Count was merely foppish and ridiculous. With Caviezel as Count Clown dandy, instead of the dangerous and inscrutable figure of the novel, it all just fell apart. That's not being a stickler to the book, that's just translating the basic character to film. Basically, the writer and director were never able to set up the vengeance(s) very well. The Count's execution of his plots were never really that clear or interesting. The dialogue between him and his prey were badly written, with a few double entendres and little else. The fairy-tale ending they went for was also VERY lame, you don't have to be a fan of the book to roll your eyes at all of the loose ends being methodically tied. And since at least twenty years went by and all the actors were still obviously in their late-twenties, it was a relief when the tedium finally ended.
 One Body Too Many a 1944 black and white movie is not an especially good movie. BUT, it is a fun movie. It is a silly horror/comedy type B movie that became the meat and potatoes of so many early studios. I love it. Jack Haley is Albert Tuttle a nose to the grindstone insurance man who has an appointment with an old rich recluse. He arrives at his mansion and is seen in by the butler (Bela Lugosi). He is shown into his clients office and immediately starts his spiel to the back of a chair and smoke coming from a lit cigar. However, unbeknownst to Tuttle the client is dead and in his coffin in the office. Tuttle lays his brief case on the closed coffin before he realizes just what is in the room. When he does try to get out, he can't open the door, etc. This movie is filled with every conceivable cliche imaginable. But that's the fun of it. A huge dark creepy house, a will to be read, a suspicious looking butler and cook, a beautiful damsel in distress, a dim witted detective, a houseful of greedy family members of the deceased, murders, trick doors, screams and noises at night, etc. Of course, a very nervous and reluctant hero. This kind of movie would be nothing without Lyle Talbot and he is here as the family member who thinks timid Jack Haley has something to hide.I have had this movie for years and every once in a while I dust it off to watch it again because sometimes you need a little harmless fun. (~.~)
 "One Body Too Many (1944) is a routine Jack Haley mystery-comedy with decent production values and an agreeable supporting cast. The "B programmer remains notable for Bela Lugosi's delightful presence as a coffee-serving butler - the funniest of his red-herring roles. In fact, Bela garners more laughs than Haley's cut-rate version of Bob Hope.
 William Pine and William Thomas were two Paramount executives who joined together to produce some cheap little pictures with Paramount backing and distribution. They became known as the "dollar Bills for churning out inexpensive pictures that always made money. At first, they specialized in aviation pictures (their first three films were POWER DIVE, FORCED LANDING, and FLYING BLIND, all released in 1941), but when the war began they broadened their screens to include military adventures, mysteries, and even musicals. Like many B outfits they had a stock company of directors (Frank McDonald, William Berke) and players (Richard Arlen, Chester Morris, Roger Pryor and others).  Late in the war, Pine-Thomas signed Jack Haley to star in musical-comedies, but the first one, TAKE IT BIG (with Ozzie and Harriet) was a disappointment, so they cast Haley in a mystery-comedy called ONE BODY TOO MANY.  Cyrus Wentworth, a crazy multi-millionaire, has died, leaving a will that insults his heirs and promises that half of them will get a lot of money and the other half will get piddle, unless the exact terms of his will aren't carried out, in which case the piddlers will become the piddlees and vice versa. And the terms of his will? He was an astrology nut (who built an observatory atop his decrepit old mansion) and he wants to be entombed with a skylight so he can look up at the stars. Also, everybody named as an heir has to stay in the house for three days until he's safely in his moon-roofed vault. Okay, so you can guess what happens
 This film seems to have been constructed around Cruise to polish his, some might say, fading star. He's allowed to chew scenery and over-act with abandon in almost every scene.  I didn't believe for a second he was an alcoholic. His screaming "Sake throughout his withdrawl scene was so obnoxious, I really couldn't believe it, and was actually embarrassed to watch it.  When he gets beat down by the Samurai with the staff, I really couldn't believe Zwick and co. would use the ole 'they can't beat this man down' cliched faux character exposition posturing. Again, my embarrassment grew as the overbearing score swelled.  And right, surely the kids of the fallen Samurai would just love ole 'whitey'- I mean, he only killed their dad.  Did anyone think for a second our American Movie Hero wouldn't nab the widowed Samurai's wife - made a widow at the hands of Cruise?  Please.  I give this film 2 stars only for Ken Watanabe's performance and some nice cinematography. If Zwick will be kissing anymore Hollywood star behind in his future films, I only hope he gives us advance warning so I can avoid those movies like the plague.  And Tom, gee...I have no advice for you. I am simply still dumbfounded at your performance here. I am reminded of Jon Lovitz in that old SNL skit.  "Acting, Genius...Thank you!!!!! I've been a fan of Ken Watanabe for long time. And, my grand-grand-grand father was a samurai lord of a tiny land in the northern Japan. So I was looking forward to see the movie and was dissapointed very much.  First, amateurish battle scenes.  When I heard Katsumoto's model was Takamori Saigo, I expected 60,000 samurai swarming along the mountain ridge or several  castles filled with cannons and guns, and a series of cunning battle tactics in Sun Tzu style - that was what happened in Saigo's last battle. Very suitable to a Hollywood spectacular.  If Katsumoto was a commoner who imagined himself being a samurai like a Don Quixote, or a poor samurai without education in very far rural village, the story would be acceptable. But a trusted advisor of the emperor? No joke.  Second, failures of exploiting full beauty in samurai culture.  Usually, Ken Watanabe uses kimono very wisely to play a noble samurai role with a very elegant and dangerous atmosphere. In the TV series "Zankuro", Ken's role was an executioner and looked like a butterfly in fire. But in this movie, he couldn't show his talent because of very unnatural costume. He had to be in a 13th-century-style armor always (how foolish and tactless to fight in this muggy land). If the costume had been more realistic, the character of Katsumoto would be more complicated, sophisticated and attractive.  In addition, the most profound scene was nearly ignored. It was the fan dance by Hiroyuki Sanada before the last battle. This traditional dance is an essence of Bushido. They performed it only when the death was unevitable in the coming battle, to express their unshakable faith. I don't understand why the scene ended in a blink.  Finally, I'd like to add the plus side. The sets of old Yokohama city was excellent. Even Japanese movie staff cannot create them so accurately and beautifully.  In this movie, Hollywood proved they had capability to create a historical epic set in Japan.  I hope they wouldn't underestimate our history and culture any longer, and would show us a more breathtaking spectacular in the next movie.  Well, I believe they can.
 The quality of the DVD was disappointing.  It stopped many time through out the movie, we finally gave up and sent it back (we did play another DVD to make sure that was not our machine's problem).
 The sheer arrogance of this films is mind blowing. First of all, the thought that the Emperor of Japan needed the wisdom of an American to set things right in his kingdom is absurd. Secondly, aren't we all getting a little tired of Tom Cruise presenting himself as some sort of super man in his movies?  He, like Mel Gibson, has  often cast himself as characters whose bravery and martial skills are of almost mythic proportions.  Additionally, these heroes are frequently disillusioned, bitter men, who, through an orgy of blood and guts discover themselves and learn to love. Folks, this is cookie cutter scripting. Those moments in this film where we are treated to shots of Cruise looking into the distance, steely eyed and noble are embarrassing. Is this really how Cruise thinks of himself? Is he so hot and so wonderful that the wife of the man he killed can't keep her hands off of him? This is one of many movies made over the years where a white man saves a picturesque but flawed culture. This is Eurocentric cultural insensitivity at its worst. The script is a series of cliches superimposed on  19th century Japan. Sadly the story could very well be transfered to any other culture with a little tweak here and there. In spite of the lovely scenery and high quality of the cinematography, the film displays a shallow understanding of Japanese culture and suggests to me that its producers don't have a very high opinion of their audiences sophistication.
 I wish that you could divide the rating system -- have one set of ratings for the story and another for the message.  If this movie were about a fictional man from a fictional place learning about a different culture and finding a new sense of honor in himself, the movie would merit three stars based on the production values, the star power, and the entertainment value of exotic locales, battle scenes, redemption scenes, etc.(the downsides -- the plot is predictable and there is no real depth to the characters)  But this movie disturbed me, perhaps because I had just read a history of Japan, and because it continued this Hollywood self-hatred of America theme that keeps rearing its ugly head.  To view the movie, you would never know that Japan was struggling to overthrow a decadent and stifling shogunate that had basically kept the country back in the Middle Ages.  Farmers weren't allowed to leave their villages.  Samurai weren't allowed to go into business.  Until Perry came, foreigners were restricted access to one trading post.  While the backlash to Perry triggered a wave of ostrich-like denial of technology and the west, a very smart clique of leaders soon realized that the Japanese themselves had to take the lead in modernizing their country.  The samurai who didn't get it, would have made their country more vulnerable to the west by being more backward, if they had had their way.  So the ending is completely wrong, if you are pro-Japanese.  Yes, they chafed under unequal trade treaties, but the future safety of the country was not to go backwards...and they didn't, so unlike China, the Japanese were able to recoup their sovereignty and engage the West on increasingly equal (and if you were Russian in 1905) superior footing.  The ending is also completely wrong if you are pro-American.  The character played by Tom Cruise loathes his country as much as he loathes himself.  Americans were not saints during the 1860s or in any era, but there were plenty of heroes, and it's a tiresome choice to continue this stock theme of self-flagellation so rampant in movies like Dances with Wolves (which this story really rips off -- I'm sure that's how they pitched it -- "its Dances with Wolves, but set in Japan").  I bet that the movie would have done much better if the Cruise character had been more noble in the U.S. and if the ending could have been about some kind of reconciliation, instead of the divisive travesty that they decided to show.  At some point, one of the Hollywood studios is going to wake up and realize that Americans like to see positive, heroic portrayals from time to time instead of the diseased anti-heroes that they keep foisting on us, and whichever studio gets this will clean up at the box office.  If you are into Japan see one of Kurosawa's films.  If you are into east-west stories, read Shogun or Tai-Pan.  If it's movie night, and you've seen everything else, this will do for entertainment, but take it for a piece of fiction, don't take its pretensions seriously.
 There are some films that are so obvious and heavy-handed in their political correctness that even if one agrees with the sentiments expressed, one must hold ones nose to do so. "The Last Samurai is a fine example of regard for another culture taken to such a superficial extreme that the result is smelly cardboard.  I suppose that a big budget film starring one of Hollywood's most self-important egos must adhere to the ugly-American-meets-epiphany-and-goes-native formula, but will one of these unctuous tomes please depart from formula long enough to at least follow through on its own logic?  This film is hypocritical in avowing its respect for Japanese culture. At least Kevin Costner created a coherent world in "Dances With Wolves". His Union soldier was largely an observer of the events of his time, and when he eventually left the Sioux nation, he had not single-handedly saved them from destruction or awakened them to their ancestral precepts. In "The Last Samurai", not only does the white hero receive an oriental spiritual transplant; he actually becomes the saviour of Japan. C'mon--gimme a break.  The Meiji Emperor was not a timid little weakling just waiting for the redeemed American to give him backbone and remind him of the wisdom residing within his own culture. And even if we were to suspend all disbelief and accept that the last surviving soldier on a particularly horrific battlefield should turn out to be our unlikely hero, it surpasses even the crudest naivety that the adversaries he has just decimated would throw down their arms and pay homage to him as the last samurai. That scene left a foul taste in my mouth.  Had this film truly honoured Japanese culture with the respect it professes to feel, the white hero would have died or at least turned out to be less than God's gift to Japan. Even Lawrence of Arabia ultimately failed to create his Pan-Arab nation, and that film could teach this one a lesson or two in how sensitively such themes need to be handled.  This film is not an abject failure. The performances by Ken Watanabe and Hiroyuki Sanada are superb and they do wonders within its shallow arc. Even Tom Cruise puts aside his most egregious excesses and serves up a passably sympathetic character. But even good performances cannot save this film from the consequences of its presumption. This is a do-gooder film that will go down well with historical revisionists and Champagne liberals who simply have to feel bad about the imperialist bits in America's past while congratulating themselves on how enlightened they are. For the rest of us, the falseness at the heart of this movie makes it impossible to enjoy it at anything but the most superficial level.
 As other reviewers have said, this film has gorgeous scenery and remarkable attention to visual historical detail such as costume and architecture. Unfortunately, the approach to the cultural history of Japan is far from accurate and in some ways derogatory. It reminds me of the sort of 19th century "noble savage romanticism that today is universally recognized as patronizing and racist.  Anyone who knows anything about the history of Japan knows that the samurai were essentially feudal warlords. Each leading samurai controlled his own territory, and his subjects paid tribute in exchange for safety. The samurai battled endlessly (and bloodily) with each other, in a thousand-year struggle for supremacy and dominance. The so-called "honor of their militant mentality was accompanied by a culture that demanded, among other things, that the wife of a defeated samurai should commit suicide rather than live with the "shame of her defeated husband. The emporer at that time was nothing more than the samurai who managed to become the most powerful and convinced a number of other samurai to serve him (as apparently the lead character was one) ... what the film omits is that before the emporer ended up in a war with his own samurai, he and his fathers had waged a several-century war against all the other samurai, engaging in wholesale slaughter and subjugation of all the other groups. Furthermore, what occurred in the period immediately following the period portrayed in the film is even more telling
 To start off, this was a splendidly filmed movie with a fine sound track.  After that, I don't have much to say favorably.  I'm not an expert on early modern Japanese history, but as a journeyman I know enough to say with confidence that the story here is preposterous.  The Japanese looked to Germany (Prussia), not the US for army training.  Emporer Meiji, the greatest of their modern monarchs was a strong and decisive ruler (and wasn't referred to as Meiji until after his death, just as Hirohito is now referred to as Shoa).  The dramatizations and interplay of the characters, however, is what was really preposterous.  It may make for decent drama, but this is the sort of film that leads to typical American ignorance about foreign countries and their histories.  Anyone sincerely curious about this era in Japan might well read James Clavell's imperfect, but vastly better, Gai Jin or, better yet, Lafcadio Hearn's memoirs which point out that it was virtually impossible for a westerner to assimilate in late Nineteenth Century Japan.  The producers of this film ought to be profoundly ashamed of themselves over this script which is nearly as bad as the despicably similar Bushido Blade of about 20 years ago.  This doesn't mean that one shouldn't see this, only that it ought not to be taken seriously.
 Set out wanting to like this but found it over long and very focus on Mr Cruise. Do we really need so many lingering shots of his greatness and the fairly ponderous lines. The film outline is OK and there is a stroy but unless you know nothing of Japan and it's history, some of this film is fairly dull and slow.
 Recipe for instant Tom Cruise samurai flick
 I wrote a couple of lengthy reviews of this film, criticizing the romanticizing of the Bushido code and other aspects of this film.  For reasons unknown to me, Amazon declined to publish them.  So I will be brief
 I just recently saw this movie for the first time.  When it first heard about it, I was somewhat sceptical about the movie, thinking that it would simply be another distorted Hollywoodization of an historical event or historical period.  I subsequently read reviews that claimed that it was in fact a great movie, a cut above as it were, and that the movie was sensitive towards Japanese culture etc.  In particular what I found most interesting was the claim that the movie was not the typical Western film where Western values are proven superior--that the reverse is in fact the case here.  But still, I was sceptical, and did not concern myself with the movie until just a few days ago.  All things considered, I think I was justified in my scepticism; while there were aspects that I found to be good and commendable (the majestic landscape, quite stunning combat sequences), for the most part I just did not find it to be a good film.  It is essentially a Hollywoodization, regardless of the unique twist to the story.
 This film started out interesting and good,and then just became "Top Gun".While interesting historically,this film lacked everything else,and just followed the  basic "Hollywood formula.It was also unrealistic to believe Tom Cruise's character(a troubled,raging alcoholic) could learn the art&skill of a Samuri Worrior in just a few short months of time.The film followed all the basic plot outlines of Top Gun,just like "Days of Thunder",and I was rolling my eyes towards the end.It sounds great on a home theater system,but this is'nt one I'd want to buy&keep forever.Buy&own at your own risk,but there are better Jappanese Samuri films out there like "The Seven Samuri".
 A samurai is an Asian/ Japanese knight. It was a decent action/ adventure flick. Worth renting once or twice. Tom Cruise's fame doesn't do much to heighten the film  sceptic's disbelief. I think how good the actors and director can suspend your disbelief that what you are seeing is staged and not real is how to judge a good movie.
 I haven't read all of the reviews, so I don't know if this has been touched, but this is a total rip-off of the novel Shogun by Clavell. It just happens in a more  modern  Japan. Clavell's is in the year 1600, this one is more like 1860 or so.   The movie is long, overly long. I'm pretty tired in the evenings and this took about 3 days to watch!   The acting is good & the battles and sword fights are great. However, this movie really has nothing to offer as far as originality, tone, or filming. I'm really surprised it was even made.
 This movie shuffled along the line between action movie and epic story, and it kept a somewhat uneasy balance between those two styles.  It was beautifully, if obviously, shot, capturing both majestic landscapes and gorgeous detail, and the acting, for the most part, was very good.  Ken Watanabe deserves all the praise he has received for the role, and Koyuki performed very subtly and ably as the quasi-love interest. It also contained the requisite battle scenes, which I found to be effective in communicating the brutality and violence without being overly graphic and disgusting.  The scenes with the young emperor were perhaps the most moving of the entire film, and there was enough attention paid to the individual lives contained in the story without forgetting the big picture, so to speak.   It should have been a better movie... and I'm afraid that my disappointment in it lies mostly with the lead actor.  I don't like Tom Cruise... I don't find him attractive, and I don't think he's a good actor, and that definitely colored the movie for me.  The fact that Tom Cruise was supposed to be the person that carried the movie... well... I guess you can't argue with the box office.  Regardless, a lot of the lines he spoke or the story he represented seemed rather clich&eacute;d, overdone, or plain anachronistic with the world around him.   As for the moral of the movie... that heritage and national identity should not be forgotten (and should especially not be exterminated) on the way to modernity... It managed to ring hollow while coming across too heavy handed.  However, considering the genre, it was a somewhat complex moral, as far as morals go.  It wasn't a bad movie, but I wasn't swept away either.  I give it about a 5 out of 10.
 basically a rip off of "dances with wolves, but done poorly.  very empty when portraying japanese history and culture especially since this issue should have been central and not taken a backseat to tom cruise weilding a sword.   on a plus side, its well shot and good visuals.  watanabe steals the show, but even he is not enough to save this shallow movie.  typical blockbuster movie with no depth.  if you are in the mood for an "independence day type blockbuster action movie see this.  otherwise, dont waste the time.
 Tom Cruise as a Samurai warrior?--my curiosity got the better of me! Be prepared to suspend all disbelief for  2 1/2 hours for this film. Drunken, guilt-ridden, Indian War veteran is hired by Japanese government to stamp out  rebellion, gets captured, dries out, and over the course of a few months becomes a disciplined, fierce, Zen-like Samurai warrior. In his spare time he becomes fluent in Japanese. He switches sides, becomes a master tactician, kills countless Japanese soldiers and a few Americans along the way, and lives to tell the tale.  The scenery was nice, the Japanese actors terrific, and thankfully the incipient love affair wasn't allowed to blossom on screen, which would have violated every norm of Japanese culture of the time. Maybe I'm taking it too seriously, but the notion that a Westerner could enter this proud, ancient culture with such relative ease seemed almost disrespectful to me. Several reviewers had trouble "getting the idea of honor portrayed in the movie--that's just a measure of how totally impossible the plot is. No Westerner could ever do what Cruise does in this movie. Strictly for fun--don't expect anything remotely realistic.
 I'm a big fan a Japanese period movies.  In all those films, whether they are "high art like Kurosawa's "The Seven Samurai and "Ran", or "low art like "Lone Wolf and Cub or "Zatoichi", one of the prevailing themes is the inherent hypocrisy and injustice embedded in the feudal society of old Japan.  How the characters manage to get by in this oppressive society is almost always a source, if not the primary source, of the drama in the story line.  Japanese filmakers know this.  They know that ancient Japan, while admirable in many respects, was not a eutopia by any stretch of the imagination.  Women were property.  Peasants were considered sub-human.  If you were born into a certain class you remained in that class until you died.  In "The Last Samurai", all these realities are ignored, if not downplayed.  Here the Samurai are portrayed as nothing but completely noble and honorable, innocent victims who merely want to preserve their perfect society.  The Japanese who want to bring Japan into the modern world are all portrayed as corrupt and self-serving, who have no respect for their own cultural heritage.  This is the typical hollywood movie; dumbed down for consumption by an audience that that the filmakers assume is too dumb to understand nuance.  If you want to learn something about Japan and be entertained at the same time, I would recommend the "Shogun mini-series, which gives a much more balanced view, or check out some of the films I mentioned in the first paragraph.
 If you took Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe out of this storyline, it's really nothing but a Steven Seagal/ Chuck Norris movie.  (The Last Samurai is also a reiteration of Harrison Ford's Witness, minus the charm.)  Invincible American white man goes to Asian country, learns their tradition to perfection in a mere two seasons, and becomes one of their leaders to lead them into war, and survives the battlefield while every Japanese samurai gets annihilated, ending in a scene where EVERY Japanese soldier kneels and bows to the great white god on the battlefield.  When you tell a story where the protagonist has ALL the good cards all the time, it makes you question whether the movie has a message, or is just another advancing notch in  cultural imperialism, creating a storyline where natural selection enables the superior party to continue into the next  generation.  I know entertainment should be treated as entertainment and not historical fact or social theory, but when you have highly questionable circumstances, then it throws the other, more important aspects of the movie into question.  Now I understand that this movie is literally a rice queen's dream come true.  I mean, there are very few places in this world where you can kill a man, say "I'm sorry to the hot widow, and end up hopping in the sack with her.  All this while the dead man's surviving children adore and dote over you, the man who killed their father.  Once we question the realism of a man being able to master a form of martial arts in a few months, we begin to question the success rate of whether we, can indeed go around killing men if we want to sleep with their wives.  And if we can't buy into THAT fantasy, well then what the heck is the point of watching the movie!?  The photography was good and the acting wasn't bad.  At one point I wished dearly that the sentimental soundtrack would halt.  War is a horrific act of mankind.  I think this movie went to lengths to capture the reality and horror of war combined with man against machine, and it came stunningly close.  In independent foreign films, war scenes have often been depicted without any lush orchestration.  I think that, is a responsible decision.  I could not help envisioning the battlefield climax without the soundtrack.  Just the hard reality of men's groans, horses neighing, and screams of terror in the stark afternoon air would deliver the message tenfold.  I felt insulted that music needed to be enlisted to "help me feel that way about something so horrific.  Koyuki plays Taka, the widow, who is curiously mute throughout the movie.  It's the stereotypical form of submissiveness that the West is comfortable with when it comes to Asian women.  Cruise's lack of facial expressiveness is hidden by facial hair, so that helped.  All in all, I thought it had great potential.  I gave it an extra star because it came close to capturing how horrific war is, especially when one side is over-armed, and the other has, only honor.
 There are probably two ways of looking at this film. Is this just another hoary entertainment depicting a one-man crusade of a disgruntled loner? Or is this a historical epic that throws some light on a hidden apsect of the U.S-Japanese relations? My view veers toward the former as all I was left with after having see the film is this feeling
 i have last samurai HD DVD and BLU-ray..the HD has a poor sound but the BLU-ray has a great sound...the picture quality is the same for Blu-ray and HD DVD and there`s no much diffrent from regular DVD
 The scenery and set are the best part of the movie, as are the Japanese actors and actresses. The plot is entertaining. Then Tom Cruise comes in and plays, . . . Tom Cruise.  He is a looser ex-military drunk who ends up in Japan and teaches this ancient warrior class how to fight.  Cruise' ego once again is center screen, the pretty boy who can't act ruins another good movie.
 Yes, it's been done before
 There's something that irritates me greatly about this movie.  On the plus side, Cruise's acting is more than passable; the evocation of late 19th-century Japan is convincing; the cinematography, peerless; and the battle scenes, gripping and well-wrought.  But . . .  Has it ever occurred to anybody that Cruise's character was fighting on the WRONG side?  I mean, you've got these boring, stuffy guys in the capital who want to get rid of the samurais, then you have the samurais themselves, living in the mountains in manly splendor like a bunch of maurading Che Guevaras.  Except that all those "boring, stuffy guys in the capital are, when you get right down to it, trying to construct a society BASED ON CONSTITUTIONALISM, CONSENSUAL GOVERNMENT, and THE RULE OF LAW, while the untamed samurai simply long for the perpetuation of the swashbuckling, rule-of-the-strongest-type era in which they were ascendant.  In other words, the "villains of this movie are nothing short of the founders of modern Japan
 The scope is sweeping, the views of Japan are breathtaking and the battles are epic.  I was predisposed to like this movie, I love almost anything Akira Kurosawa has done from the Hidden Fortress, to the 7 Samurai to Ran (his masterpiece). However, unfortunately for the Last Samurai it takes more to make a movie, like a plot and characters. The screenplay is pathetic and the message is twisted and sick. Feudal Japan was great, but only if you were a samurai, you had the right of summary execution if you were insulted, (hence everyone is sooo polite), and you didn't have to bust your butt in the rice paddies, nice work if you can get it.  At best the movie, like the repressive society it defends is mysoginistic. Japan is better off entering the 19th century (unified country, modern medicine, less repressive society), and gets into trouble when it takes the twisted codes of bushido into the 20th century, killing prisiones (see the book The Rape of Nanking
 i may pick this film, but I think that certain things take away from the overall story. first, i think it would have been better completely without Tom Cruise's character. Just Ken Watanabe's character. Secondly, there was this one part where you watch Tom Cruise fight some guys, then directly after, you have to watch it over again. it was supposed to add dramatic effect, but i hated it. i already saw it once, why do i have to see it again? finally, the ending sucked. it was just Tom Cruise acting like he was an angry drunk and it didn't make any sense why he didn't die. Ken Watanabe's character was actually cool, why did he die and Tom Cruise live? other than that, it was a pretty good film.
 First off, The Good
 Tom Cruise is miscast here.  The long battle scenes were gruesome and gratuitous.  The story was nearly lost as a result.  What we get with modern action/adventure/war films is a sensory assult.  They're loud and excessive and overdone in every way.  Look at old movies when directors had respect for the audience and the point of the movie was the story.  I'm tired of being masturbated upon by these modernists.  I'm not seeing any more new movies until I see more of the great old ones.  I recently saw Paths of Glory with Kirk Douglas/directed by Stanley Kubrick.  Although Kubrick was certainly a bit twisted himself and some of his later films showed it, this early film is a success.  I'd recommend it, not this.
 I lived in Japan for several years and spent allot of time going to Japanese cinema which was full of samaurai epics so I was interested in this film....I want to it reluctantly tho because I am NOT a Cruise fan. Basically he portrays himself in every film he does. Gee, maybe that is why he has never won an academy award.....has he ever been nominated? I don't think so....... The only redeeming part of this film was the story, the wonderful scenery, and the supporting cast. I frankly would have loved to have seen more of them and allot less of him......unfortunately this particular film did not develop their character as much as "Dances With Wolves developed the Sioux characters. The Meiji period was an interesting time for Japan and this could have been much better.
 Three faults of the The Last Samurai (2003)
 Edward Zwick delivers us a regurgitated version of "Dances With Wolves only this time with Japanese culture instead of Indians.  The story line is very much like "Dances With Wolves in the way that Tom Cruise makes a transformation from a "Bad Guy in the beginning and becomes a "Good Guy later on in the film as he joins up with the loyal Japanese samurai soldiers.  The direction is poetic and confident.  Cruise is serviceable, but not memorable.  The real steal in the film is the acting by Ken Watanabe.  His character really moves and enlightens you.  There's an effortless grace that he posesses.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes sweeping epic dramas.
 This is not really a bad movie. It is just that it is impossible to take seriously. The movie takes itself so seriously that the viewer is dispensed of the obligation. As for the subject matter, the thing comes off as a Gilbert and Sullivan opera gone wrong. A comic opera with no comedy. A set of characters move around in front of lavishly colored back-drops, say things to one another, asiatics murmur inscrutably and doll-like women tip-toe around like Fred Flintstone at a bowling alley. The only thing missing is the  plinlinglinglingling  sound of high piano keys to accompany their movements. What's that? You say I am being unfair? Again, I am not saying this is a bad film, it is just an humorless and a pointless one. It is not a dramatization of historical events, so... what could possibly be the point? It might as well depict some kind of Boxer Rebellion that takes place on the moon, wherin Buzz Aldrin, after being kidnapped by lunar monks, decides to throw in with them as they storm Apollo 11. The climactic scene is where he stabs Neil Armstrong through the space suit with a pair of geologists tongs and tries to burn the American flag in the the nonexistent lunar atmosphere. Who can care about a scenario like this?
 I am dumb  Truly dumb  I wish I had read more about the REAL 'Last Samurai,' Saigo Takamori , before writing this review yesterday. I retract my initial impression, retract a star, and absolutely do NOT recommend this insidious, slyly racist movie in any manner.  I know there are many who will say, "Well, it's no different than 'Braveheart,' or 'Dances With Wolves.'  Actually, it is. Utterly.  In 'Braveheart,' they took a historical figure and made him the six-million dollar man - faster, stronger, better than before. William Wallace was pumped up to cartoonish proportions, and GIVEN more than he achieved.  In 'Dances With Wolves,' the main character lived with the Native Americans and shared their lives...he wasn't put forth as influencing history and creating supposed historical fact.  In 'The Last Samurai,' nothing gets accomplished by the Japanese without the influence, leadership and direction of a totally artificial, Caucasian character.  History is stripped from those who made it, and placed at the feet of Racism. Remove that White character and his supposed 'accomplishments,' from the story, and nothing would have been done - there would have been no battle of Satsuma, Japan would have entered into a trade agreement with the US in 1876, the Samurai would be wringing their hands in the hills, wondering what to do.  Revisionist History at its sneakiest, and most insidiously damaging, because it is not that overt.  THe Fiction as I the dumb owner of the Crpgroup see it.  Starring a miscast Tom Cruise as an alcoholic, wise-cracking, cocky washed-up ex-Civil War hero and former Indian Fighter who holds the rank of Captain in the U. S. Cavalry, `The Last Samurai' opens with a dream - a white tiger battling shadowy Samurai. The tiger is leader Katsumoto `s (Ken Watanabi) standard in battle, a line of semi-interesting symbolism that is abandoned not long into the story, once it is ham-handedly flapped in our faces that the White Tiger represents Cruise's character.  Katsumoto is one of the Emperor of Japan's last remaining links to the old ways; the leader of the rebelling Samurai and in very real danger of losing his life, either via assasination or suicide. Emperor Meiji (Shichinosuke Nakamura) is hardly more than a teenager, and simply mad for all things Western. He wishes to know everything about the West, and will drag his own people, kicking and screaming if he must, into a trade alliance. The Samurai, being loyal to the Empire, do not wish to abandon the traditional ways of the ancestors. They believe in rebelling, they are doing the greatest service for him they are capable of.  Meet Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a haunted man who drinks to keep his nightmares at bay, which only works somewhat. Once a celebrated Indian Fighter, he is reduced to promoting the new Winchester repeating rifles at fairs, until he loses his job after his latest oafish, dangerous performance. What is the Captain haunted by? Memories of slaughter, and bullets ripping through the bodies of Indian women and children, under the guise of military "orders".  Enter Omura, (Masato Harada) The Emperor's advisor, aka Snidely Whiplash2. He wishes to hire Algren and his dopily evil former commanding officer, Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn) to come to Japan, and teach the army there Western techniques, with Western arms and armament. In spite of the Captain's drunken rudeness, the offer is made and accepted, and off across the Ocean they sail.  Upon arrival in Japan, after a nerve wracking audience with the young Emperor, Captain Algren sets out to teach the 'army,' which consists of mostly farmers and young men, who have never handled Western firearms before. He shows them a thing or two, which leads to the setup for the Captain to lead his raw recruits against the remaining Samurai, who are in rebellion against the Emperor's decision to open to the West.  The Samurai handily trounce the recruits, badly wound, then capture Captain Algren, and whisk him off to the mountains because he's just that cool...this takes place in early Fall.  By early Spring, Algren has become a better Samurai than the Samurai themselves, taught himself Japanese, become the new crush of the widow of a Samurai warrior he killed and become the father-figure to her sons, taught himself Buddhism, cured his alcoholism, and battled a veteran Samurai to a draw in a pitched match-up.  (sigh)  See Drunken Tom. See Broody Tom battle internal demons. See Benevolent Tom teach the childish Japanese army how to shoot effectively. See Tiger Tom hold off eight Samurai, with a stick. See Charming/Sexy Tom win over everyone in four months, from the widow of a warrior he killed, to the warrior's sons, to the Samurai themselves. See GI Joe Tom become proficient in Martial Arts, without being taught. See T2 Tom kick a bunch of Ninja's butts. See Patriarchal Tom and his new friends go back to town. See the Samurai get humiliated and imprisoned. See Father Tom rescue the hapless Samurai. See Wise Tom become head advisor to an ineffectual Katsumoto. See Messianic Tom talk Katsumoto out of the basic code of the Samurai. See Military Strategy Tom teach the Samurai about fighting (gag). See Action-Figure Tom lead the last stand of the Samurai. See Bullet-proof Tom get nailed repeatedly with heavy gatling gun fire...and not die. See Intrusive Tom steal Katsumoto's final honor.  See me ramble on and on about this great  hyped movie. That I said I do like other elements of the movie, which contradict some of what I said.  The battle scenes are excellent, the effects are spectacular.  A big ol' bitch-slap to those who wrote this, like myself trying to rip the movie to shreads. Still I think its my own biased  ego that prevents me from recommending the film just  like recommending anything by people who like  some of Tom Cruise's other serious work.
 I happen to see this film tonight and for the life of me I can not fathom the near universal praise. Let me start with Mr.Cruise .While Born on the 4th revealed he had some emotional depth and especially his work in Magnolia, in this film he is absolutely awful.He runs the gamut from A to B.The opening scene where he has to act "drunk I  could literally  "see him acting.The rest of the film he has a total of three facial expressions.One; the glowering warrior all squinting eyes and clenched jaw,noble,resolute and certain of his convictions.Two,the compassionate puppy dog either staring blankly at the widow or with supposed affection for her two boys.And lastly ,the Zen look where he visualises scenes of combat or contemplates the idyllic life of the Japanese peasants. Why do so many American films have this obsession of placing caucasian males in usually exotic or third world scenarios where the White man has the duty to civilize the natives ,attract the native wenches and somehow be an apologist for Vietnam,slavery,the American Indians or any socially relevant cause. This film is deeply insulting to the Japanese as it portrays them in the same old stereotypes.The xenophobic,emotionally stunted ,devious and insular Asian. Beyond the superbly staged action scenes, this film is  just another one off the Hollywood conveyor belt in the tradition of "Genghis Khan with the original "Top Gun ,the Duke. As i came out of the theater I couldnt believe that they still make this kind of rubbish in 2003.
 Well. I don't like Tom Cruise. I might actually go so far as to say he is my least favourite person ever. So immediately I was at a loss as to see what he adds to this film. Maybe if the actor was taller. He's so short. It's the quite literal worst film ever. I HATE IT! I HATE IT! I HATE IT! OK. So he goes around karating and samurai-ing. And everyone's like, Oh hell! It's the Cruise man. And I was like, oh HELL, LET'S WATCH SOMETHING ELSE! And Ryder was like, I'm still alive, let's not have a Potter incident. And I was angry with that, so I was like 'RAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH!!! DIE!' and I slit him good. He was out of it after that. Fool.
 Gumnaam (Raja Nawathe, 1965)  One wag, reviewing this film for IMDB, called it "the Plan 9 of India", and I can't say he's terribly far off in that. While it was obviously meant as a mystery/thriller (IMDB also reports the script was based on Agatha Christie's Ten Little Indians, which would bring new latitude to the definition of the term "loose"), watching it forty-five years later, Gumnaam has all the hallmarks of a classic unintentional comedy. This would have been great fodder for MST3K. (Note to self
 I had to check I was watching a terminator movie.  Lots of explosions, and lots of explosions.. did i mention stuff blows up constantly? You would think I would have been glued to my seat.. but I got pretty bored with this movie.  And the hybrid terminator that was more advanced than the Arny T101 was built by humans?  And the young Kyle Reese was kind of a dork.  If this was a free streaming movie on Prime I would have stopped watching it, but I paid 2.99 so I decided to see if it got any better.... NO.  It may be useful for like wallpaper background video while you have people over and your cranking some decent music.
 I loved the first three Terminator movies, they all had heart to them! But this one was a bit of a mis-fire! What I liked about it
 Terminator Salvation is the fourth installment of the famed Terminator series, originally started by James Cameron with 1984's <a href="http
 Let me begin this by saying that I am a very big Terminator fan.  I loved the three previous films, the third being the weakest in my opinion, and even loved the way that the television series was so true to the mythology of The Terminator.  Though the Terminator Salvation did stay true to the mythology in terms of characters, location and historic story development.it simply fell short.  Mc.G is an okay director....though the only thing I really half like of his is Charlies Angels full throttle.  The cast is outstanding, and do put in a good performance...but the overall story of the film is wanting.  Unlike the previous Terminator outings this film is not about fighting the future...instead this film is about a futuristic fight.  The Terminator story line was simplified into a futuristic war movie.  Don't get me wrong...it was kinda cool to see the war with the machines in live action...but they could have and should have done more to make this story not only follow the mythology but "feel like a Terminator film, quite literally you could have called this film Transformers 1 1/2 and it would have been just as good.  The need for the future to be unknown, changing, and chasing after the present is one of the coolest things about the Terminator movie franchise and is one of the things that is desperately missing from this film...and keeps it from fitting comfortably in the Terminator series.  I literally felt robbed after this film, not only does the film not feel like a Terminator movie...but after its all said and done, as a viewer you realize that it was nothing more than a set up for a squeal.  The failure for the Production Team to get the idea of the Terminator Mythos correct is devastating to this movie, and the shotty writing and reliance on spacial effects to carry the film is it's downfall.  In short this movie is allot of popcorn fun...but a very bad Terminator Movie.
 The movie was well made with action, action, and then more action. I couldn't really find a plot or figure out just exactly who the good guys were until nearly the end of the movie. Teenagers will love it. Adults will probably get bored, like I did
 This review is for the unrated extended blu-ray version. Plenty of spoilers so read at your own discretion. Although, my expectations for this movie were pretty low to begin with, since the movie wasn't directed by James Cameron and T3 wasn't as good as T2, I was at least expecting something that would extend the terminator storyline and mythology from the television show The Sarah Connor Chronicles (which was an excellent TV series) and from the comics. Unfortunately, the people who wrote the script for this movie and the director, McG are completely ignorant and clueless when it comes to the entire Terminator canon. Nothing in this movie makes any sense when you consider the previous three films. It's like these people just threw out everything from the first three films and then started making up stuff as they went along without any thought into what came before or the history that Cameron created.  First, in this movie the machines all know who John Connor is which makes no sense if you follow the history. The audience is so used to the idea that Skynet knows all about Connor that this error usually passes over them without any thought, but what they forget is that only the machines from the future know who Connor is and only because of what he WILL accomplish in the future. He hasn't done ANYTHING yet. All the terminators from the previous films were from the future while the machines in this movie are in the present. The machines have just wiped out most of humanity and now sees them nothing more than a bunch of insects to finish exterminating. Connor at this point is just another insect so this idea that he is somehow important to them is ludicrous. Don't give me this crap about him being seen as a prophecy or messiah either.  Second mistake is that the machines all know who Kyle Reese is which provides one of the biggest plot holes in this movie and goes against even common sense. The entire purpose of the first movie was that the machines didn't know who the father was so their only alternative was to terminate the mother which is why they built the damn time machine in the first place, in order to wipe out his entire existence. In fact information about the father was so secretive that not even Kyle Reese knew it. If the machines know who Kyle Reese is then why the hell would they even bother building the time machine when Connor's very existence depends on it? How the hell are they going to explain that in future sequels if there will be one? This is a massive disaster of a plot hole that can't be overlooked and can't be explained. It's idiotic. And don't give me this crap about alternate timelines or other theories on time travel that's different from the one used in Back to the Future. The rules of time travel and the theory used from the first trilogy have already been in place which is the Back to the Future scenario so you just don't make up new rules and change the canon to suit your logic. That's similar to that idiotic scene from AVP Requiem when the Predalien lays eggs inside pregnant women for the sole purpose of increasing the alien infestation. Only the damn queen lays eggs, stupid! And that still wouldn't explain why Skynet builds the time machine in the future either!  Third plothole is when Skynet captures Kyle Reese they don't decide to execute him right then and there but instead have some kind of elaborate plot in order to lure Connor to execute him. Does this make any sense? What the hell was McG (what the hell kind of name is this) and the writers thinking when they came to this scene? Forget about your stupid theories on time travel when you can't apply it here (see second plot hole). This is so blatantly stupid that words can't describe the idiocy behind it. Who writes this stuff and not see the inherent problems with it?  Fourth problem was when Connor arrives the T800, instead of breaking Connor's neck decides to play ball with him by throwing him around. I thought T800s have detailed files on human anatomy and how to efficiently terminate humans. You'd think that having their biggest sought out target within their grasp they'd kill him as quickly as possible and with a gun instead of a naked unarmed Arnold.  Fifth problem comes at the end when they need to do a heart transplant on John, using Marcus's heart. This scene was supposedly changed due to leakage of the original script but it still doesn't excuse it's sloppiness. This scene requires that Marcus is an acceptable donor, plenty of immunosuppressive drugs, a heart surgeon and a team of anesthetics and not a veterinarian, and a sterile environment instead of the open desert. I was cringing at this scene and thank God it didn't last very long.  Now as for the movie itself, if you are completely ignorant of the previous three films this movie would be somewhat entertaining for the action scenes alone which were very thrilling. But the audience doesn't really care about any of the characters except for maybe Marcus so the movie become nothing more than one action set piece after another. There's really no character development or insight into who these people are and why we should care about them. What made T2 and other movies like it so successful is that we get to know the characters where the audience have an emotional investment so we are concerned about them and anxiously curious about what will happen next. The action is there to supplant the characters not drive them. This movie should have been about how John Connor becomes leader of the Resistance and help humanity come back from the brink of extinction instead of this goofball storyline filled with plot holes. I won't bother going into the special features on the blu-ray or the deleted scenes which have already been discussed. I'll just add that the video transfer is impeccable and the audio is excellent as well and is what is expected from blu-ray by now.  In conclusion, if you are expecting forgetful mindless action, explosions with killer robots, and don't necessarily care about character development or plot then this movie is adequate. But if you are a fan of the terminator franchise then you will be sorely disappointed from the glaring plot holes, mistakes, and literal lack of respect for the mythology and the fan base. It's comparable to George Lucas using midichlorians to explain the Force. Much like having top tiered actors in The Phantom Menace, not even Christian Bale aka Batman can save this turkey. Time to terminate this franchise or return it back to Cameron.
 Upon learning that Hollywood is about to flog a dead horse, with the help of two amateur 'schmuck' producers, one could not help but be apprehensive. However, with Christian Bale onboard, things got interesting. Fresh from his stunning success of "The Dark Knight", Bale might infuse credibility into an already exhausted franchise that spanned 25 years.  When McG was announced as the director, one could only reflect on how much McG's body of work pales in comparison to that of James Cameron's. Cameron was smart enough not to touch any further Terminator sequels with a ten-foot pole. He has finished telling his story with T2 and decided to leave it at that. Unfortunately, Arnie had to make T3 as his swansong before his foray into governorship in order to boost his flagging popularity.  Now, we come to this
 Sometimes, you wonder when it's time to stop, and let a franchise die.  Or at the least, make sure the story is coherent and fits in well with what's come before.  But most importantly, try to give the story weight.  If we don't care about what's going on, pretty much nothing is going to save the film, and that's the problem with Terminator Salvation.  Taking place in 2018, the film follows the famed John Connor and newcomer Marcus Wright, as both men fight for their lives in the post-judgment day world.  Killer machines roam the skies and the ground.  While the resistance has found a possible way to shut down the machines for good, the fate of mankind hangs in the balance, as the legendary Kyle Reese, John's father, has been found.  The problem is, the machines are after him.  With both John and Skynet after Kyle, both sides must fight for the fate of the future.  When I first saw the movie in theaters, I left feeling that the film was, at best, an average action adventure movie.  After seeing it again on DVD, time has not been kind to "Salvation", as the story feels very disjointed and choppy, as if the film was hacked to pieces and then edited back together.  It feels like entire segments of the film are missing, and the second half of the film moves too quickly for us to get emotionally interested.  By the time the end credits rolled around, I just didn't care.  I didn't care about the characters, I didn't care about the story, or even the action.  This is probably Terminator Salvation's biggest problem...for all the action sequences, for all the nods to the previous films, the story is the weakest yet in the series.  While the idea of saving Kyle Reese to ensure the events of the future/past happen sounds like a great idea, having the film jump back and forth between Marcus and John makes it feel disjointed.  We don't get time to understand the characters in any meaningful way, besides the most basic of reasons.  John wants to save Kyle.  Marcus wants to find out who he is.  Barnes wants to avenge his brother's offscreen death.  Kyle wants to stay alive.  As a result, we have a cast of essentially one dimensional characters that pale in comparison to the cast of the previous three films.  Some, like Star, are completely unnecessary and could have been cut from the script.  Say what you will about Terminator 3 (I personally really enjoyed it), but it had a focused plot that added to the franchise's mythology with the revelation that Judgment day was just postponed, not stopped.  The film had weight to it, making us wonder if the heroes were going to stop Judgement Day once again.  Here, everything is back to the status quo at the end.  There are no long term changes or consequences of the ongoing story.  There's just no emotional weight to what's going on, and coupled with the disjointed pacing and thin characters, the film feels utterly flat.  Considering how all the previous stories have at least contributed much to the ongoing story, "Salvation"'s story is a disappointment.  With the poor story and characters, we're left with the action sequences, and regrettably, they don't fare much better.  We have the standard chase scenes with cars, assaults on Skynet bases, and fights with killer robots, but most feel like your standard issue summer action scenes.  The nighttime escape scene in the forest, for example, is utterly flat, save for the sequence in the river.  Then there's the giant transformer like robot at the gas station...I thought it was goofy in the theater, and it's only worse in a second viewing.  Why not replace it with a giant Skynet tank instead?  Why not a whole group of T-600's out to capture human prisoners?  This giant just feels out of place here.  Yet, despite it's stumbling, "Salvation does get a few things right.  The overall mood and art design of the film, with it's shades of greys, blacks, and blues, does an excellent job creating a post apocalyptic world, and I did like the idea of showing us what the war between man and machine looked like before the technology of lasers and time travel is created.  Sam Worthington does a good job of conveying the tough, yet confused Marcus, and Anton Yelchin is outstanding as a young Kyle Reese, and is easily the best actor of the film, making you believe that he really is a young version of Michael Biehn.  It's also a nice treat that Linda Hamilton returned to do voice overs for John's famous audio tapes.  The opening action sequence, an assault on a Skynet Base set amongst dozens of giant satellite dishes, is quite exciting.  But the best part of the film easily comes in the third act, with a cameo appearance by a well known character from the previous films...it's only after this character appears that the film finally becomes really interesting.  But in the end, "Salvation is a disappointing entry into the Terminator franchise.  With it's weak story, weak characters, choppy pacing, and below average to average action sequences, there's really not much to recommend it here.  There are a few good action sequences, and a few good performances by the actors, but that's really it.  Terminator fans will probably get the most out of it, but everyone else should stick to the first three films.
 I agree with everything everyone has said. FoX and WB can Kiss my you know what. Way to pull TSCC in favor of Dollhouse, we all saw how that worked out and now hey lets further fray the fan base with their shoving blue ray down our throats to get the movie we really wanted to see. I wish James Cameron had the means to buy his baby back and do this thing right. Screw Fox and WB. I still liked the movie but I'm tired of the Pg-13 ratings and blue ray being forced upon me. I already spent my money on a 300 Dvd collection! Im not building a blue ray collection. Is it better, yeah, but hollywood has made enough money off of me. Thanks for making me hate you more Fox and WB, hope you got what you wanted. I am just one person but I am sure you have just alienated over half of the fans you had left. Good movie poor distribution content.
 A few good ideas that were just terribly, terribly executed.  The reverse time traveler. I enjoyed that idea. Sam Worthington, con on death row is executed, but before dying signs his life away to Cyberdyne systems, wakes up in the future, and spends it trying to piece together what happened. Cool.  Beyond that...what the heck? The first two movies (the REAL terminator movies) had this ever present mood to them. Mass human genocide was coming and there was nothing that they could do about it. People were going to die and it was just...really, depressing and threatening and remained this heavy presence just over the horizon.  But with Salvation...the apocalypse comes and...it's no big deal. Apparently much of the military managed to survive (chain of command included)John Connor is just a cog in the system who spouts gibberish over the radio, and... his father from the future is a fun loving, happy go lucky rogue... None of which connects to the previous movies very well.  There is no emotional connection in this movie. The characters are just...boring. They're cardboard cut outs of people, people created to serve a purpose, but never given a chance to ever seem like real people. Hot American Indian chick, plot device to show Sam Worthington's character's humanity, and predictably help him out of a tight spot.  John Connor (Christan Bale), auto distrusts all machines which makes no sense given the previous movies. And we can't even go into all of the stupid mistakes that he makes for someone that was trained as a soldier and should know what the terminators are capable of. Bryce Howard playing John Connor's wife... Why does John Connor need a wife? Why does his wife play no conceivable purpose in the story whatsoever other than being there? And could someone please tell me why Common was even in the movie other than he wanted to be? He must have something like 2 lines.  I think it's a steaming pile of crap. But I'll admit people have disagreed with me.  If you ignore the previous movies and take it as a stand alone. It's okay...maybe. I just feel that the studios have done to terminator what they did with the Aliens franchise. The good writer/director leaves and then the studios go right ahead and f- it up.  If you liked Alien vs Predator (all 5 of you) than you might enjoy this movie. The rest stay away...stay far away.
 How bad can a Terminator movie with Christian Bale (AND Sam Worthington), a big budget, and access to modern special effects be?  Pretty darn bad.  It plays like a cheesy Mad Max movie - except it wasn't produced in Australia with a then-unknown brand new actor and a low budget in the '70's.  The key "reveal of the movie is thrown away almost accidentally. No psychological, wonder if, wonder what, build up. No doubt or surprise when a team member switches sides. In short, these days even comic books are much deeper.  Don't get me started about the young actor who plays Kyle Reese, John Connor's future time traveling father. He was completely unsuited to the role! (But played an excellent "Chekhov in the Star Trek reboot the same year.)  I won't say don't waste your money on it. But don't have much in the way of high expectations.  And stand in awe of James Cameron, who with spit for budget kicked off this series in the first place, with the low budget, but high impact, original Terminator.
 T4 is a film that had so much potential but sadly barely fails to deliver. I love the imagery of the film, the smoky, grimy dirtiness of everything, the decaying city vistas. The acting was actually good, not on the level of T2 but still well enough to keep the audience absorbed in the film. Sam Worthington in his American debut, even though he had already filmed `Avatar', steals the movie from Christian Bale.  Salvation lacks something. We get see the T-600 models of the Terminators, but we don't get to see them in full force, only three or four personal encounters and not a full on battle in the post nuclear wasteland. It's not an actual war movie and that's what Terminator fans wanted to see, full on early battles between humanity and Skynet that were hinted at in the first two films, but instead we only get commando raids that begin and end the movie with formulaic action sequences in between.  We also don't see John Conner lead. He's either being bossed around by command or working with a small number. It's Marcus who's the real star and a far more interesting story. A criminal gets the needle in ought three suddenly wakes up fifteen years later in the middle of a destroyed laboratory and must figure out what the hell is going on and becomes horribly freaked out when he discovers that he's actually just a heart and a brain inside a synthetic body.
 This DVD is heavy on the special effects and light on the plot. Having seen all of the terminator movies, there has been a downward spiral since "The Governator left the scene. Given the economic state of California, who knows, maybe he will "be back as promised. On the other hand, Terminator the TV Series is excellent. Much better than the movies. The scripts are written very well with a great deal of novel ideas worked into the plot that are technologically sound. For example, the notion that sophisticated traffic management systems could be the precursor to the terminator's nervous system was an inspired parallel.<a href="http
 I was disappointed in this sequel, tho the special effects and most action was terrific. The plot was disjointed and the characters unclear to me. The ending was predictable early on, and was a clone of "I Robot. The film's monotone coloration was depressing, and the Terminators stereotypic - including their menacing growls (huh?) and skeletal teeth (they eat hot dogs?) The attempt to weave in Arnold S. at the end and reproduce the molton-steel gimmick (Terminator 2)felt disjointed and like an afterthot. Save your money.
 &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  Short_N_Sweet
 If you love the Terminator franchise...well, you'd HAVE to love it to endure this mess.  The first two flicks were awesome, of course.  The third?  Not so much.  T4?  The downward spiral continues.  Huge budget, talented actors and great story material are all majestically pissed away.  The Charlie's Angels films were light and fun but McG needed to introduce a bunch of peripheral characters that would have been fine in another film but who cares?  I didn't and that was the problem.  Bryce Howard gets to walk around with big eyes.  Christian Bale gets to play in some over-the-top effects sequences.  Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood(sp?) get to have a romance and why do we need this or care?  All of these people are extremely talented and again, the effects?  More or less spectacular.  But I found myself apathetic.  In the earlier films you found a stake in the characters and cared.  With T4 I felt like I was watching a play by Max Fisher.  Well done but just not the real deal.
 Terminator Salvation 2009 / 115 min. / PG-13  Synopsis
 Well this is a crying shame. I love Terminator and T2. McG wanted James Cameron's blessing on this film and , proving he is no dummy, Cameron did not give it to him. Smart man. McG came from music videos and it shows. In his own furiously fast fashion this is a love letter to Cameron. There are iconic lines, a weird looking Arnie, Linda Hamilton's voice (sorta), and the actors do what they can with the material; calling it cheesy dialog is an insult to cheese. This isn't Christian Bale's movie, it's Sam Worthington's and he does a fabulous job. Bale is his usual intense self playing a soldier trying to survive and be a leader and a husband without losing his mind. The directing is terrible. Worse than terrible. This isn't "Batman and Robin or anything, but if you saw the trailer/preview, you saw the movie. And that is a tragedy. Cameron created a series with meat; McG serves you a packaged salad without  dressing and expects you to be happy about it.
 I thought Salvation was decent, and I was definitely considering purchasing it when it arrives on DVD...well, not anymore. The DVD version is only coming with the theatrical cut while the Blu-ray is coming with that AND the director's cut. Why? DVD is far from being a dead format. I know the studios and such are trying to promote Blu-ray and whatnot, but there are plenty of other ways to do this. Until the director's cut is available on DVD, no purchase from me.
 Nothing new happens in this movie. It has plenty of action, mostly in the form of explosions, but nothing in the movie actually moves the Terminator story line forward. The viewer goes out where he came in.  Equally frustrating is that the movie insults the viewer's intelligence with lazy plot devices. For example, there are scenes involving the movement of massive, clanking machines, yet characters aren't even aware of the machines until the machines are on top of them. Or consider that barrels of oil or gasoline, or tubes of molten metal or liquid nitrogen are conveniently ubiquitous so characters can shoot them when needed to make an explosion or melt some machine.  The movie is riddled with such devices. They play out, one after another, for about two hours. Nothing else happens. We learn nothing new.  My recommendation is to skip this awful addition to the T series.
 Earth is destroyed except for a few people and the machines.  John Connor gives Resistance radio pep-talks with all the inspiration of an annual tax form.  Death-row guy discovers that Skynet made him an infiltration Terminator and he screams, "Noooooo!  Lots of fighting.  Stuff blows up.  Machines buzz.  Connor always escapes as the lone survivor of man-machine slaughtering while death-row infiltration Terminator keeps on fighting to save the day.  Neither man nor machine is deserving of victory and there's no prize for the winner.  It's just two hours of stuff grinding together.
 I'll start out by saying that I love The Terminator franchise, concepts, and basically the universe of ideas that Cameron spawned within his mind a long time ago.  However, I must say that there were only two things that stopped this review from getting one star rather than two.  One being that Christian Bale was in this movie, as he is one of my favorite actors, however is performance here was lacking.  The second would be the special effects which were very well done.  The rest of the movie though basically sucks, as did T3.  The rest of the cast sucks, even B.D. Howard, and they give a third rate performance.  And the plot?  Don't get me started.  Where is the continuity here?  Fox's "The Sarah Connors Chronicles keeps continuity more in line, stemming from T2.  T3 sucked so bad that it doesn't even count.  Thank God for special effects and Bale, or this film could have been T3 part two.  We can always think...what could have been. Peace and Love, Jake
 The Bottom Line
 I have really liked the the first three movies, even the goofy third. This one was difficult to follow. The individual acting was good with very nice especial effects. However, the plot was really simple with few surprises and figuring out why some of the important characters were important was distracting. It turns out that aside from Conner and Reese, they weren't. Not really. Then, we have the end. I felt it was straining for some deep moral/ethical statement, but just struck me as empty, loose and amateurish. I think it's really time to Terminate this series 
 Blu-ray is great, but there's no reason why the few extra minutes found in the Director's Cut couldn't make it to the DVD.  It's not like a different form of media like DVD was to VHS.  Both DVD and Blu-ray are digital.  The difference?  Blu-ray can hold more data.  They look and sound better - great - but is that a reason why you have to make that the ONLY way to own the Director's Cut?  Now, I really wanted to buy the Director's Cut DVD of this film, but it will only be on Blu-Ray.  Does the studio think I'm going to buy a Blu-Ray player just for 'Terminator Salvation?'  LOL no.  I didn't even do that for 'The Dark Knight.'  So, all the studio is doing is losing money by forcing me to have to download the Director's Cut, rather than purchase the DVD (which I wanted to do, since I have all of the other 'Terminator' films).  So, it looks like they'll be losing a lot of money with this stupid stunt of theirs.  People who don't have Blu-Ray aren't going to buy a player just for a movie like this, so this was a bad idea.  Instead, people who want to see the Director's Cut are just going to find alternative methods to do so, which will completely cut the studio out of the profit.  Good going.  (I just wanted to update this review to say that I've fully embraced Blu-ray but I don't like how extras/Director's Cuts don't always come on both formats!)
 I decided to rent it first because I wasnt 100% sure about if this movie was any good. In my humble opinion, this didnt hold a candle to the first 2 Terminator movies..it was flat. Completely flat. Like watching a blank TV screen for 2 hours. It lacked any of the ingredients that made the first 2 superior films. Even the 3rd Terminator film was better than this dribble. The film really just dragged for me and didn't have enough plot or story to hold my interest. This was another 2009 movie that spends a lot for explosions but zero on characterization. The characters were unlikeable & just bland to show any real interest. Who knew John Connor would be a boring/bland character as an adult ? Sure there are a few moments with the Terminator robots going after the characters (what was Christian Bale thinking??) but it wasn't much. It was a whole lot of nothing going on. Even the naked "Schwartzenegger Terminator running around trying to kill Connor wasn't anything special Arnold Schwarzenegger may not be that great a governor but at least the Terminator movies he did had substance, a good story and a director who knew what it takes to make a good science fiction futuristic story with characters to root for a care about. If they make another Terminator film it should be directed by James Cameron in other words. I would only see it if you like the Terminator series & are curious to see this one. They shouldn've really stuck at 2 to be blunt..
 I saw Terminator
 People who have grown up with the Terminator franchise go to see these movies not only for the action, but for storyline.  In all Terminator movies (yes this includes number 3) except this one, the action is not the driving force in the story, rather a compliment.  Perfect example of this is in T2, this movie is not about an awesome liquid metal robot (he is awesome).  T2 is about how a machine at times can be more human than us, so this is a character study.  That is my big criticism with T4, it is a good action movie but thats it, there is no story.  I did not care if John connor lived, and if you don't care if the "saviior of mankind lives, than there is something wrong here.  I felt as if I was watching someone playing a video game.
 In Mad Max there was a guy named Max, and we got to see some stuff about him, his life, and the world he lives in, and at least some of us came to like him, respect him, and maybe even admire him, so that when his wife and kid get brutally murdered it's not just a random act of violence like we see on TV, or read about in papers every day.  The people most responsible for Terminator Salvation do not appear to understand this, and maybe someone should tell them.  It's less a film than an ad for action figures.  Were there any action figures?  I know 7-11 had cups.  I doubt they sold very many.  And I'm positive they didn't have any 5-story tall terminator machines that could sneak up on people in the middle of an arid wasteland.
 Terminator "Lite  Very mild spoiler alert...  The title of Terminator
 Well, this week I've watched three recently released action films.  And in my opinion, CGI is just over the top!  Movies just don't look real anymore.  They look just too animated and kind of fake.  I just watched the new Star Trek, G. I. Joe, and this new fourth installment of The Terminator saga.  The action scenes are now more intense, unrealistic, and overwhelming.  There is so much LESS story, human interaction, compassion, and drama, and MORE visual screen consuming effects.  They even had a computer animated Terminator of Arnold Schwarzennegger.  This goes to show that pretty soon, movies won't even need actors anymore.  Computer animators will create new movie stars (heroes and villains).  Technology, again, is removing the human element of upcoming future jobs and physical social interaction.  And, about the argument about Blue-Ray over the standard DVD
 WARNING SPOILERS!!! What was the point of the movie? That's the question I kept asking myself after the movie. What was the point of the movie besides making money and gearing up for the obvious sequel a few years down the road.  Terminator Salvation in my opinion is by far the worst terminator movie mainly because there is no point to the movie. No big secrets are revealed nothing new was done that hasn't been done before and better, and the story went no where except to make money and to get ready for more movies down the road.  The only actors that had any impact were Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood. They were the only two that felt alive during this movie. Christian Bale did a terrible job, and he's a good actor two. Which reflects badly on the director McG. After all he did direct the two bad Charlie's Angles movies.  The only real good thing about this movie were the special effects, but if that's the best thing you can say about a movie that isn't animated than that's not saying much.  Overall
 BLU-RAY 3 DISC REVIEW  "Terminator Salvation created high hopes for the salvation of this profitable franchise for the studio as well as for fans of the original films James Cameron made. While I was initially disappointed with the film and the major gaps of logic/storytelling that dogs the film, there are a number of scenes that suggest a much better movie was steamrolled by studio interference, budget cuts and last minute rewriting. T4 had potential buried in it which makes the film all the more disappointing. Still of you set your brain on cruise control and just enjoy the ride it's a mindless diversion although hardly in the same category as T1 or T2 much less the enjoyable but inferior T3.  SPOILERS IN MY PLOT SYNPOSIS
 This movie was really boring. I couldn't stay up. The photography is dull. The final battle is too similar T1,T2 and Aliens and quite frankly expected more. I missed Arnold big time. The TV series is far superior. I only managed to watch the directors cut and often the scenes/editing comes off as dull. Bale lacks any form of Charisma and Worthington is actually not required. Moon Bloodgood/Bryce Dallas Howard are wasted here. T3 may have had it's faults but it was far more entertaining than this, and the leads actually had better things to do. This movie reminds me of Mummy 3.
 ***CONTAINS SPOILERS***  With the exception of a few interesting action scenes, and decent acting by Christian Bale, there's not much new in TERMINATOR SALVATION. The only exception is that we're fully immersed in the post-apocalyptic world and not time-traveling into the past ... which is why it got two stars from me instead of one.  I do love Christian Bale's acting chops. He is, to me, the complete action hero. His <a href="http
 The movie was great and all, but what happened to the extras (Deleted Scenes, Bloopers, Gag Reel and other extras)?  This was a bare bones release.  If they are going to release a movie to DVD, they should have all the extras that the fans would like to have.  What's the deal on the digital copy?  Why should I have to log onto the Web to get my digital copy.  I paid for a 2-Disc set, do I expect to have a DVD of the movie and a Digital Disc copy of the movie, not a coupon to download the digital copy.  Let's see that's fraud in my opinion or disceptive practices.  Wonder what the FCC would think about this?
 I didn't necessarily have high hopes for this film, but I didn't shun it at first sight either. It had rather strong casting, and with Christian Bale in it, I figured it could be very surprisingly good, since about every film he is in gets rather good reviews by critics, but I am afraid this one was a miss fire by Bale. Throughout the movie, you can almost see it in his eyes, that he knows how horrible the movie is. By the way he communicates with everyone in the movie, you can almost hear him saying, "Why the heck am I in this film? The plot is extremely linear and boring, the script is very poorly written and is even more poorly executed by the actors, and why is my character suppose to be such a wimp? I'm John Connor! I am suppose to be the last bad-A left in this God-forsaken war, yet I act like I am a pre-pubescent teenager! I believe these realizations are the cause of his notorious fiasco on the set of Terminator Salvation.
 This movie sucks! The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the great special effects. Extremely bad acting, HELLO......Christian Bale, need I say more? Extremely stupid ending too! My God, who approved this script? They should be castrated!And who ever thought Bale would be good as John Connor? He sucks in everything else, but I had high hopes for this movie and just like everything else with him in it, it blows. If you just have to see it to complete the series, rent it from red box so you only waste a buck. If you suffer from insomnia, it is better for you than sleeping pills.
 This film could have been really good but it seemed like have way through it they seemed to have lost the concept or direct they were headed and fell back to what was already done before. The last half of the film had to many things that were taken and repeated from the first two films, and it just seems overally tacky...such as when the terminatior used his dad's voice to find john in the steel stairway are and then we he John tried shooting the guy and loading the gun again, or with the steel and then trying to freze him all of these were taken from T2. The only thing that was orignial and creative about this film was the future termiator who was more human than ever and was the only real likable character in the whole film, which they should have just centered the movie around versus the route they ended up going.  This film was alot better than the third film in the installment of films but not by much.
 This is by far the weakest Terminator movie mainly because it is just sloppy and careless. The kids (young Kyle Reese and the young black girl) are the best part of the movie. We are somehow supposed to believe that the machines would build a perfect human based cyborg without some override or control mechanism. We are also supposed to believe that John Connor and the resistance are stupid enough to use the cyborg's heart to save Connor when the cyborg is the perfect mechanism for infiltrating the machines and the only one who can actually fight them. We also are supposed to believe that the humans still are using guns against the machines that cannot damage them. Also why is it that in the obligatory final fight scene that there is only one machine participating when there are thousands of them handy? Then why is it that the machines always toss around our hero instead of just dispatching him? Lastly, why was it necessary to lure Connor to Skynet and to capture Reese in order to kill them when the spiffy cyborg could have easily killed both? I think one notable politician said that you had to "suspend disbelief". Of course that makes no sense, rather Terminator Salvation invites you to suspend belief. Maybe I will read the book by Alan Dean Foster. Its got to be better than this mess.
 I bought this movie because I really like the Terminator series and wanted to see what that they have done with the storyline.  I was supremely disappointed.  While there are some good special effects, they are primarily composed of motorcycle and truck chase scenes that quickly become monotonous.  The storyline is dull and unimaginative, so much so that it's easy to stop paying attention and loose focus in the midst of one spectacular explosion after another.  It would have been nice if there was a strong story and the action sequences served to further the story, but sadly this is simply a special effects movie without a good plot.  At the end, once you realize it's finally over you're left wondering, "what just happened?  They clearly left the door open for another Terminator movie, but this one was so bad that I have no anticipation to see the next chapter.  What a waste of money.
 I found myself watching the movie and some thing felt amiss it was an action packed movie but something just was alittle off. McG just doesnt get it right I loved the fist 3 movies yea even #3 I loved the sarah connor chronicles but this movie just wasnt terminator I walked away feeling very dissapointed
 I won't add any spoilers here for those of you who don't know how the movie ends. I liked the movie... until the end. What happened at the end was so cheesy that it ruined the movie for me. Surely they could have come up with a better ending than that.
 For me this was the least liked Terminator movie,, I even liked 3 better. It was a bit corney and watching Cristian Bale is hard to do after hearing his screaming rant temper tantrum he had while making the movie, its just hard to like or support an actor that is such a jerk in real life. Cheers Davyo
 I did not really like Termin. Salvation too much.  Maybe because it's hard to imagine a terminator movie without Schwarzenegger but just could not really get into the film and found it to be a little boring.  There is a lot of action and sci fi scenes but the storyline just did not really interest me.  For someone who likes science fiction movies in general then you could find it entertaining but as for part of the terminator franchise it is my least favorite compared to the previous 3.  Peter J. Miller
 This movie was sub-par. It was just called Terminator to sell tickets. I didn't enjoy more than half of this movie. It was OK. But the other three where so much better. For those of you who scoffed at T3, I think after you saw this one you where probably more grateful for T3 than you had been. Let's hope, since they did take in a little bit of a profit, if you factor in the worldwide total, let's hope the next one is better. Let's hope they get better writers and a better director and a better soundtrack. I'd hate to see the Terminator franchise meet its own Judgement Day.
 TERMINATOR SALVATION  STARRING
 Not as bad as I was expecting it to be but certainly the worst TERMINATOR movie (yet). SALVATION has got the action, the chases and the explosions but one really couldn't care less about the characters, with the women being the very worst (what was the point of bringing Jane Alexander out of retirement for a bland two minute role?). It's good to know though that in the near apocalyptic future the women are still hot and shampoo is available in abundance (Bloodgood) as is makeup (Howard). And for me, the most annoying & recent trend from these movies
 Let me begin this by saying that I am a very big Terminator fan. I loved the three previous films, the third being the weakest in my opinion, and even loved the way that the television series was so true to the mythology of The Terminator. Though the Terminator Salvation did stay true to the mythology in terms of characters, location and historic story development.it simply fell short. Mc.G is an okay director....though the only thing I really half like of his is Charlies Angels full throttle. The cast is outstanding, and do put in a good performance...but the overall story of the film is wanting. Unlike the previous Terminator outings this film is not about fighting the future...instead this film is about a futuristic fight. The Terminator story line was simplified into a futuristic war movie. Don't get me wrong...it was kinda cool to see the war with the machines in live action...but they could have and should have done more to make this story not only follow the mythology but "feel like a Terminator film, quite literally you could have called this film Transformers 1 1/2 and it would have been just as good. The need for the future to be unknown, changing, and chasing after the present is one of the coolest things about the Terminator movie franchise and is one of the things that is desperately missing from this film...and keeps it from fitting comfortably in the Terminator series.  I literally felt robbed after this film, not only does the film not feel like a Terminator movie...but after its all said and done, as a viewer you realize that it was nothing more than a set up for a squeal. The failure for the Production Team to get the idea of the Terminator Mythos correct is devastating to this movie, and the shotty writing and reliance on spacial effects to carry the film is it's downfall. In short this movie is allot of popcorn fun...but a very bad Terminator Movie.
 I am glad that I did not waste money on this film (got it from Redbox - free night's rental).  The story line was confusing.  The film didn't really explain (unless I drifted off during the explanation) how the main characters got to the past or present or whatever time they were in.  The main character was in the movie with his father who was just a teenager at one point.  I'm not sure if the son traveled to the past or if the father was in the future.  I don't know what kind of scardy cats watched this film and wrote reviews, but I didn't think the robots were scary/creepy at all.  The plot was so predictable that you couldn't possibly be scared because you knew what was going to happen already.  Anyway, it is something to watch on a cold night, especially if you want to complete the series.  Although, I don't think any of the original characters are in there.  One of the robots at the end did look like Arnold (a well built Arnold lol), but it wasn't long before he was reduced to his metal skeleton.  My advice, save your money and rent it for $1 or wait 'til its on cable.
 This movie is all action, no talk! Well, some talk, but the action is so intense that the story and variety of scenes in this movie suffers greatly. Sam Worthington plays a character--Marcus--that seems to come out of nowhere. There was no mention of him in any of the three previous Terminator movies, and this movie seems to be mostly about him, even centered around him more than John Conner. And him getting hooked up with some hot babe in the desert was really CORNY and soap opera-ish. He's a machine, for crying out loud!  I was hoping that this movie would center around the start of the relationship between Kyle Reese and John Conner (father and son, you know), not this Markus dude. He played a noble character, but I thought it was an unnecessary addition to the grand Terminator tale. Hopefully the next sequel will hone in on Reese and Conner more.  As with a lot of action movies these days, this flick didn't have a lot of charm and variety to it. This is not entirely the fault of the screenwriters, of course, since the setting is, after all, post-Armageddon with everyone living like savages in constant misery and fear--not a lot of room for comic relief and witty one-liners as in Terminator 2. And of course, having no Ahnold (aside from a brief appearance of a Terminator of his likeness) just isn't the same! And Linda Hamilton is sorely missed as well! So obviously this flick isn't going to be as all-around entertaining as Terminator 2.  I thought all the scenes of the Resistance fighting the machines looked straight out of an Xbox or PS3 game, exuding that same vibe you feel when playing a video game. And that's fine for teenage boys, I'm sure, but I'd rather the movie seem more like a regular movie, overall.  So for hardcore Terminator movie fans, I wouldn't recommend against adding this movie to your collection, but I wouldn't call it a must-have, either.
 I had high hopes for this film.  I have to say it failed on almost all levels.  I gave it 2 stars because it does look good.  However that was it.  The plot was dreadful the script even worse. If you have to watch it how many times do they yell "hang on it is like a drinking game with Keanu Reeves.  I like Bale and was suprised at how little they gave him.  And what was with the child who did not speak.  What a blatant Hollywood ploy to try and create some emotion, just awful.  Wait for cable for this one as you will not be happy if you own it.
 I had actually watched his forgot about it, rented it realized I had watched it and thought very little at it. Basically the series lost all momentum, in this movie.
 Three years after "Facts of Life, but a year away from her triumphant role in "Sixteen Candles, Molly Ringwald finds herself the prisoner of some tricked-out bum named Overdog on a junk planet that looks like Fred Sanford's backyard.  Peter Strauss, the poor man's Richard Chamberlain, plays the poor man's Han Solo (or Lone Starr, if you prefer) and tries to rescue her.  Yes, "Spacehunter
 This movie has a serious pacing problem.  It runs very slow in most of the non-action parts, but runs quickly in the action sequences.  The dialog is terrible.  Give nervous actors non-natural dialog and the whole movie looks more like a bad high school production.  Molly Ringwald character tends to ramble on and on. Midway through, the movie forgets it is in 3D.  One sequence in particular, walking across the desert, goes on and on.  I watched Spacehunter in 1983 in the theater.  It was my first 3D movie.  I thought it was a good b-movie at the time.  Viewing the same movie now shows me it had lots of ideas but not much money.  Somehow, the non action sequences go slowly and the characters are just doing exposition instead of reacting to what happens.
 I don't get what's so great about this movie.  I found it to be a huge let down.  This is an ultimately disappointing film despite good performances from all of the leads.  The premise is simple, Jules and Mike have a passionate affair in their college days, this then becomes 'best friendship' in no small part due to Jules commitment phobia. One day Jules gets a call from Mike to say that he is getting married in four days and inviting her to the wedding. At this point Jules realizes just how much she really loves Mike and determines to split-up Mike and Kim. The film follows her efforts to do this. However, at every turn she is thwarted by the happy couple who get back together.  This film has the good grace to make Julia Roberts character finally admit that she behaved like a semi-psychopath, but even then that confession is wrapped in pseudo-romantic humour which implies
 I like these kind of movies and I like Michael Rooker, but this one fails miserably.  With little or no explanation to the hokey 'monster', you spend the entire time not understanding how it exists, how Rooker came to the lake his whole life and never saw it, why it waited until it was stuck under the ice before hunting humans, why it wounds first or sometimes kills, why why why....Sure, some creative license is understood in a low budget horror flick, but this one just goes to far - wait until the ending if you are not convinced I am correct.  You reach a point of not caring about the characters or whether this creature lives on to kill another day. Dare I mention that the creature is a modern ripoff of the Creature from the Black Lagoon...
 HYPOTHERMIA is one of those "creature features that would have been more successful had the film gone more humorous or campy.  Unfortunately, the film takes itself way too seriously including a creature that is an actor in a silly looking scuba diver's suit! Venerable character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker give adequate performances in cliche-driven roles and there is a certain eeriness in the snowy landscapes.  Blood and gore are utilized but tame compared to current standards.  At only 73 minutes, HYPOTHERMIA passes quickly, so it might work as a double bill on Halloween!
 "We're gonna need a bigger hole.  Ray (Rooker) and his family are together again for another ice fishing trip. While they are out on the ice enjoying themselves another father and son show up and quickly start to annoy Ray and family. When they notice something "as big as a sturgeon they come up with a plan to catch it. When it starts to attack them the plan changes and saving lives are the priority. I  am a fan of the cheesy sci/fy channel movies, the over the top acting and bad effects make them fun to watch, going in I was expecting that level of film making from this one. I have to say this was in most cases better then that level. The acting wasn't good but wasn't awful either. I can actually say that about most of the movie. While the movie isn't "good it doesn't really do anything to annoy or make you want to stop watching. The movie seemed to know what it was and didn't try to do too much, which is a rare thing lately. The only exception to that was the last two minutes, without trying to give anything a way it was a HUGE cop-out ending and the horrible beast was pretty much a dude in a swamp thing costume you can find at Walmart...other then the ending though this wasn't terrible. Overall, not as bad as I expected and if you are into cheesy movies this one will do. I give it a C+.
 I found the movie super funny, I thought it was hilarious with "The popular lawn and the magic diary. Me and my sisters watch it all the time just to make us laugh.  I recommended it to my friends and when they watched it, they told me how the couldn't stop cracking up.  I'm laughing about it right now as I write this review. I thought this would be a awesome comedy for grown ups or teens.  Kids-I wouldn't recommend... I'm not sure if it was suppose to be funny or what, but it makes me laugh all the time.  If your wondering why the movie is so funny, it's because the movie is so incredibly stupid. I also find Barbie as a bad influence-and not just this movie,but in all of them. According to the movies, she has about five husbands and a boyfriend, and she proves that she can to anything even if it's impossible to mankind. She also proves that only blondes can do anything and are the prettiest.  She's either a princess, actress or a fairy or mermaid.  She never makes mistakes and is always perfect. Again, the movie is super funny but barbie is a bad influence. And why does barbie want to be popular? She already is!
 The animation is jerky, Barbie looks odd and nothing like herself.  She's portrayed as a highschool student, but acts like a middelschool student.  Poorly written, poorly animated. My 8 year old daughter loves Barbie movies, and she asked me if we could send this one back.
 This movie is just a waste of money and the story is so juvenile that it might as well be rated NC-17 for how much skin can we show and not be rated XXX. Don't waste your money, especially if you have young children at home.
 I anticipated a great movie because Robert Duvall is in it. After seeing Open Range I was ready for another great western.  I was really enjoying the movie until it just up and ended after the girls were being rescued again. There they are fleeing town and the credits start rolling. Talk about being ripped.
 "Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust should be recognized for its attempt to revive a long lost cult classic in Anime.  Stylistically, the movie is stunning - the scenary of the world is beautifully painted for its audience.  The musical backgrounds, the character illustrations and the basic mood of a desolate fantasy-science fiction world are inspiring and breath taking.  However, the writers of this sequel to the original masterpiece have forgotten what made the original so immaculate - even without the improvements in animation. The original "Vampire Hunter D is a must see for all fans of Japanese Anime.  It was a pioneer that successfully created a drama within a warped sci-fi motif.  Earth has become a futuristic wasteland, full of technology and magic.  Mankind work their days on medieval farmlands while fending off against mutants, demons, werewolves and vampires.  The story begins with the non-stereotypical damsel in distress, Doris, a short skirt wearing farmer who fights off monsters using an electric whip.  She has been ravished by the anceint Vampire, Count Magnus Lee, who wishes to take her as his bride.  To escape her and her brother's fate at the Count's hands she hires the mysterious Vampire Hunter D to her aid.  Perhaps the storyline does not seem very complex, but in contrast to "Bloodlust", there was a great deal of mystery that the audience invests in.  The entire character of D, was slowly raveled out, behind his cold and calculated postierior.  One had to wonder if he was even a good guy.  As the movie progressed, we find out that he is half human and half vampire, has a talking hand and has a torn personality - craving a normal human life, yet also undergoing his lone responsibilities at the immortal son of Dracula.  The movie concluded with his victory, though he must leave Doris, despite their obvious attraction to each other.  Thus you have the tormented hero, who must walk his path alone until the end of eternity. Now that you have the background - you'd think that the sequel would be able to provide us more of an insight to the Vampire Hunter D and his true purpose.  But all we get is the emotionally inept super human, who with ease, slashes and fights his way through to another inevitable confrontation with a member of the Vampire Nobility.  There are no secrets left to uncover, no new information of his creation.  "Bloodlust certainly is action packed - as D races against a miss-matched group of vigilante bounty hunters for the return of a stolen maiden by a Vampire Aristocrat.  The action however, feels more like a well-choreographed John Carpenter movie, rather than the exciting, gorey and unpredictable fight scenes from the first movie.  The villians of "Bloodlust are also less diverse the second time around - where in the orginal, an entire bestiary of mythological and fantastic proprotions was at the mercy of D's blade.  Now, the story is too calculated and D is too indestructible and emotionally dry for us to really care how many creatures he hacks up.  As for our heroine, we are greated with the one-dimensional character, Liela - who offers no worthy romance plot.  Although she has the most scenes and plot development out of the Markus Brothers (the bounty hunters and competitors of D), her one personality attribute outside of being the "tough-chick is her fear of dying alone and being forgotten.  This one detail allows for some kind of bonding between her and D, but the script only allowed this to be skimmed at the surface.  She is otherwise just the "tough-chick", who shoots a lot of guns and never has to reapply lipstick.  I miss Doris - although it is obvious her character had died of old age centuries ago. Still, "Bloodlust offers a few great scenes and is full of action.  Its bonuses, and there are some, rely more on what can be shown, not told.  This time around, we get a lot more landscapes and some very detailed artistry.  There are also small references throughout the movie that detail D's legacy, but nothing in this movie that links him to being the son of Dracula. So, in my opinion, you are better off renting this than making a full purchase.  If you haven't watched the original, make sure to see it first and know how "Bloodlust should have been created.
 As the title of this review states `Good Story' and that's exactly what this movie represents, story telling and nothing more. The fighting scenes are very dramatic but far too short (they only last mere seconds). Don't purchase this movie if you are really into animation for the action (I am) and this movie almost has no action at ALL!. Again I will like to stress that the fighting scenes are too dramatic, the movie does not give you an opportunity to get into the action. You will see two people about to battle and just when you sit up to take in the full effect of what's about to take place one person just dies!! Just like that !! The movie was good but I bought this movie because I thought it would have been action packed so I am very disappointed.
 Ok, I saw this movie when it was out in theatres and it was amazing! Unfortunately for me, it was english dubbed (which I hate) so when the dvd finally was released I bought it, especially for the fact that I would be able to watch it in its original japanese language format! However, to my disappointment, IT HAS NONE ON THE DVD! They acctually released the dvd, with only the dubbed version in it!! The special features also are terrible...this  fan's favorite scenes  feature is completely useless and even dumb.  Therefore, for the anime itself, I would give it 5 stars, its a great movie, but if you're like me and hate english dubbed versions and expect more from your dvds, I give this dvd a mere 2 stars and suggest that you rent it or borrow it from someone else (or if you can, find a japanese dvd with subtitles with your region encoding).
 I have watched other Oliver Stone movies before and liked them.  I don't know what he or anyone else was thinking when they made this movie.  It was a mess.  Maybe I need to be drunk or stoned to appreciate it.  This movie was very poorly written.  I agree with an earlier reviewer that it makes Jim Morrison look like a drunken jerk.  It was either way too long or way too slow.  Either way, it did not hold my interest.  Meg Ryan was a doll in other movies of hers.  But in here?  She just could not live up to the material.  She was definitely a poor casting choice in this movie.  If you like The Doors, I am sure that there are better choices out there than this garbage.
 The Doors suffers the same problems that Stone's other films about real people and events (JFK and Nixon) do; Stone uses the docu-drama format as a license to condense times and events, while simultaneously inventing composite characters and situations that never existed. All too often, these films, while containing exciting filmic and visual elements, ring a bit hollow.  The upside of The Doors is the performance of Val Kilmer, who threw himself into the role with ferocity and conviction; that he comes up short in the end isn't due to his acting abilities as much as the choice of episodes and Morrison's characteristics (both real and invented) that Stone chose to film. Simply put, Stone's Morrison comes across as little more than a sporatically gifted poet who sublimates his poetic callings to all the cliched rock star trappings. Perhaps this does describe some of Morrison's personality to a degree, but after seeing Morrison get stoned, drunk and act like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum for 2 hours plus, one wonders if Oliver thought of Morrison as basically an obnoxious drunk (possessed by the soul of a bald, silly-looking, half-naked dead indian that continually wanders around the movie) and, if so, what it was that turned Stone onto making the film in the first place...  The downside, in addition to the lack of scope regarding Morrison, comes in the numerous episodes that never happened (The Doors tripping on acid in the desert, Patricia Kennealy being present at the New Haven show Morrison got arrested at, Particia Kennealy and Pam Courson having a catfight, Buick actually making a commercial using the song Light My Fire and Jim finding out about it by watching tv, Jim setting fire to his and Pam's house while Pam was smacked up in the closet...and on and on). Also, the years of 1967 to early 1969 take up about an hour and a half of the movie, while the remainder of 1969 through to mid 1971 take about twenty minutes.  It's a shame that Stone went to such trouble to set up and film some great concert sequences, and Kilmer really made a terrific attempt at playing Morrison, but in the end both were content to rest the character on both the various myths about the singer and the confirmed instances of Morrison at his drunken worst. A well-shot film that, in the end, has little to do with reality.
 Hey, I know I'm in the minority in my opinion here on Amazon, yet I will state unequivocally my view that the portrayal of Jim Morrison, his common-law wife Pamela Courson, the group, and even the supporting cast of regulars in The Doors Universe come off like characters in search of a serious screenwriter.  Come on already, Oliver.  Who could sympathize with Jim and Company when they spew out lines of dialogue clipped, of all places, from Morrison's song lyrics?  Did you actually think an audience would accept Jim uttering such discordant lines in an everyday conversation?  Could you not separate the man from the performer?  Because of that awful bit of writing, Jim comes off like a buffoon, not an erudite talent who, despite a lifetime of loneliness, alienation, and addictive tendencies (which would ultimately snuff out his life), still managed to push aside material comfort for a pursuit of the truth as he saw it.  Also, how come Jim revels in such horrible psychobabble?  Had you not gleamed the interviews (available through Bright Midnight and other retailers) you'd hear an incredibly bright, articulate young man who lamented the day he elected to be part of a rock and roll band.  You'd also have the makings of excellent drama, as a man who cannot escape his fame and a man who longed to create films and poetry in his own right.  How could one ever sympathize with a drunken lout (YOUR Jim) who acts like an ass (seems more like Val Kilmer playing himself rather than Jim), shows no compassion whatsoever, and just appears to become famous in one quick turn of events.  The only clue we have to the success stems from the Sullivan show, the airport raid, and assorted concerts, but we never get a sense of Jim being nationally lambasted.  Some archival footage might have helped there.  But of course then the more sedate, intelligent Morrison--whom you portrayed as bumping into cops whereas Jim preferred to sway at a mike stand (see the archival footage)--doesn't figure in a Hollywood biopic.  What a shame.  What a rotten, dirty, salacious mess.  Maybe your own demons got the better of your good sense, Oliver.  God knows, if your Morrison had been the true Morrison, I'd never had been a fan of his in the first place.  Thanks for turning Jim into David Lee Roth, the members of KISS, Robert Plant, and all those other Circus Magazine posterboys for rock and roll excess.  Too bad.  An integrity, a nonmaterial nature, and a sincere attraction to make art distinguishes Jim from all those other Sex, Drug, and Rock and Roller hellions.
 I saw this movie when it first came out (March 1, 1991).  I was 21 years old, and a huge DOORS fan.  I liked it okay back then, but upon seeing it now, it's boring, and makes it appear that the other members did little or nothing to contribute to the band and its success (Robby Krieger, the guitar player, WROTE 'LIGHT MY FIRE').  I think Val Kilmer does an Oscar-caliber job as Jim, but the others are only there to react to things Jim says and does.  They have no other purpose except to fill in those roles-most anyone could have done that.  I don't think a lot of people realize that Jim Morrison was many things, BUT HE WASN'T A MUSICIAN.  HE DIDN'T PLAY AN INSTRUMENT, and he wasn't THAT great a singer (though I will say that he was damn good when he was good).  THE DOORS were a great band, but that was a long time ago.  As far as the studio albums go, the first two were great, the second two were mediocre (though 'STRANGE DAYS' has a couple of decent tracks), and the last two were hit and miss.  I wasn't there, so I don't know about how they were live (videos and live CDs are NOT THE SAME as being there).  Another reviewer said that Meg Ryan was a poor choice to play Pam.  I agree.  Listening to Stone talk about it on disc 2 tells us why.  Ryan sounds like she was/is unable to comprehend the type of behavior that Pam/Jim engaged in, i.e. drugs, rebellion, etc.  Stone said the same thing about Darryl Hannah regarding her failed attempt to play Darian in WALL STREET (a far superior movie to this one by the way).  I don't understand why Stone would choose to have someone play a role like this when they obviously were unable to 'find and be' the character they were supposed to be portraying.  Stone should have chosen more wisely.  I think Stone's obsession with Jim is the reason this movie is really all about Jim.  Of the many problems in it, the one that probably bothers me the most is that the movie acts like Jim is the center of the universe, as the camera is almost always on him.  But Oliver Stone's Jim Morrison is juvenile, destructive, obnoxious, and often, pointless.  He hardly comes off as a genius, poetic or otherwise.  He suddenly has star status, but the movie doesn't show why-we're supposed to know why.  Yet, why should we care??? The character is despicable, at least that's the way he's written here.  I couldn't even finish the film-I simply didn't care that he was headed for a youthful demise.  When I read 'Riders on the Storm' and 'No One Here Gets Out Alive', I found myself caring about the people involved-not here though.  Moreover, the photography was irritating, to say the least.  I wanted to know about THE DOORS, instead, I got an MTV-type drug trip with DOORS music behind it.  As a big studio movie, I think this fails on all levels except one-Val Kilmer's performance.  As another reviewer noted, this is the best acting he's ever done.  It's too bad that the movie/script he had to work with was/is over-hyped junk.
 I like the Doors music, and Morrison was a very charasmatic figure who wrote some bizzare but interesting lyrics. However, this film(unlike the comments made by most)is not a strict biography. What was covered semi-accurately in the movie was the atmosphere of the sixties and the bands beginnings. Okay, they showed the crazy drunk Morrison that perpetuates the myth, but this guy was more interesting. There are also many stupid inaccuracies. One big one that can easily be proven is the live Ed Sullivan TV appearence. Morrison did not look close into the camera and emphasize the words "much higher". I think the guy was on the wrong track big time, but that doesn't take away from his intelligence. He was very smart. The idea of this film was to show all of Morrisons wild antics. It was a big mistake to have Val Kilmer sing some Doors songs, but he did do a very good job of capturing Morrisons personality. There were definetely some good scenes that showed the bands tension and the tumultuous relationship he had with Pamela(Meg Ryan). The natural likeability side of Morrison was missing from the film. Oliver Stone(director)should have delved deeply into the fallen rock stars last days in Paris(alot of material there)which would have been a more facinating watch. Morrisons real death story, the attempted cover up, paranoia by Pam and rushed burial were also missing. Instead we got the glorified figure in the bath tub with slightly religious imagery. That is very movie phony. This guy would have looked a mess. All said and done, the film reached, grabbed on at times and let go; Hey just like Morrison.
 The Doors is not the best movie. While the begining of the movie seems to promise something good, and the end of the movie has you walk away with some emotions. After this first hour of this nearly two and half hour movie, it becomes boring.  There is hardly any focus on the music. Besides the concerts, events of the movie seem pointless. Their only point seems to show how crazy the singer was. Jim Morrison, the singer and main charater, was just a crazy idiot, and thats not what he was in real life. The last thirty minutes will respark interest, but does not save the movie at all.  I would recommend someone to rent this movie, not buy it.
 The video resolution is very poor, I in fact have to watch the DVD in "zoomed mode in order for it to make it fit the screen.
 I have read about a dozen books on The Doors. Needless to say they are one of the GREATEST bands ever to enter the human ear. In fact, I personally, believe they are the GREATEST band ever (Yes, even better than the  Beatles), so I'd have to say the movie was not what it should have been.  The Doors were art. The movie was not. The movie prefered to concentrate on  the (semi-fiction)  antics  of a mentally unbalanced Jim  Morrison, instead of the poetic side. Also the movie did not live up to  it's own title! It's called  The Doors,  not  The life and  times of Jim Morrison!  It should have concentrated on the band more  (not to say Jim was not a very interesting person...HE WAS!!!) Anyhow,  other than a few lies (ok, more than a few) it's overall an entertaining  movie. Watch it for Val Kilmer as Jim (EXCELLENT performance!!), watch it  for the WONDERFUL concert scenes, and watch it for the great soundtrack,  but don't count on a truthful account of the greatest band EVER!
 Wow, I really have no idea how people can give this movie good reviews.  The camera work is interesting, and it definitely captured the times and gave me a good sense of who Jim Morrison was (well, at least as Oliver Stone saw him), but it's not really much of a movie.  Jim Morrison was born, he became famous, and then he died.  All of the rest of the stuff just happens for no reason, like in real life.  I have no problem with a movie being like that, but what pissed me off was Stone's usual pretentiousness in trying to make this movie "meaningful".  This movie is just about some guy's life; there's really no meaning to it.  Instead of admitting that, he sticks in indians and other weird shots as if that will make the movie deeper somehow.  It doesn't, it just looks stupid, and it tells the viewer nothing of The Doors or Jim Morrison.  The movie was also kind of boring.  Scenes went on for way too long, and everything blended together into an incohesive mush so that whatever happened seemed unremarkable and pointless (which it was, most of the time).  I have no problem with pointless stuff, when it really adds to the characters (as in a Woody Allen movie), but here it just seemed to continue to hammer into the viewer's head the same portrait of Jim Morrison that was crystal clear around twenty minutes into the movie.  The character didn't unfold at all; it just gutted itself near the beginning and then pointed to different squishy bits for the rest of the movie.  So thanks a lot, Oliver Stone, for ruining what could have been an interesting movie.  The only reason I give it two stars is for the part with Andy Warhol, when he mentions that he could call God on his telephone, but he has nothing to say to him, so he gives the telephone to Jim Morrison and says "Now you can talk to God.  How could you not love that part?
 The Doors - directed by Oliver Stone -  is a sad story about the 60's rock group and legend Jim Morrison, lead singer, poet and songwriter.  The movie covers the period from 1965-1971.  Val Kilmer stars as Jim Morrison, a very intelligent man who is his own worst enemy.  He cannot handle the pressures of success.  We see a slow train wreck as he turns to excesses in drugs, drink, women and exhibitionism.  In the beginning (1965) he is going to college, but also a Southern California beach boy, writing poetry, finding his first true love.  It could be the start of Beach Blanket Bingo for that matter.  A friend helps Jim form the Doors rock group (named after the book by Aldus Huxley "The Doors of Perception")  and from there on it is a marathion of drugs, drink, egotism, confusion and despair.  Depending on how much you enjoy the 1960's counterculture will be how you view this movie.  It hypnotizes in the treadmill of drug trips, crazy outfits, California, trendy clubs, Andy Warhol parties, and outrageous behavior.  As fabulous as Val Kilmer plays Jim Morrison, the drugged, halucinagenic excess becomes boring fast.  The opporutnity lost is that Morrison had talent with words, high intelligence, but spent it on the dark side.  Seeing this movie I am wondering if he could have been pulled from the abyss with better handlers and some on-going therapy. Morrison died in Paris at the young age of 27 and is buried in a near-by cemetery for famous artists.  Overall, the movie seemed like a long tabloid expose and I felt like this was an intrusion on the Morrison's privacy.  It also starred Meg Ryan (as Morrison's girlfriend), and the Doors group played by Frank Whaley, Kyle MacLachlan
 I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies (other than Natural Born Killers), for some reason I feel very disconnected to them. And he does it again with the Doors. On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS. The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.  All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all, and I have to think that's simply not true in real life. A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I've heard I can say I was mildly let down, which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory, so what more can an actor do? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out, and that doesn't say a lot.
 The movie is interesting and I think Val Kilmer did a good job.  I rate this so low because Artisan  just put big black bars on top and bottom and then calls it widescreen.  This is FAKE widescreen and is a bad, bad, bad thing.
 I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle. Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and couldn't. He liked to see films immediately upon their release. I liked to do things that irked him, so I made sure to see the film before he did. This was a surprising film, really. When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison, I, like many, was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off. The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which, Kilmer's roles had never really stretched his "acting muscles", so most were convinced that he would fail. However, Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison. His performance was enjoyable. Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure. Still didn't like her, though. Kathleen Quinlan's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character. The story was not thrilling, as we all know the story, and in fact, many parts of the film were simply laughable. I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends (other Doors members), he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special "man hug (which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back... very manly) but also accompanied with tender sentiments like, "I'm gonna miss you followed by the tempering insult, "you a**hole". No niceties for the sake of niceties. We all know Jim's fate... you can visit him in the P&egrave;re Lachaise cemetery in Paris.
 Oliver Stone, a great director in general, really slacks off in this one! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but, Meg Ryan as Pam...only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded.  Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story  along. All in all a very good story but, not nearly an accurate depiction  of Jims' rise and fall
 I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition (THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER) a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $6 & just got around to watching it. It's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens, & it seems to me that the tops of people's heads are frequently cut off; I'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films. I no longer have the original version to compare it with, but I strongly suspect this was messed up.
 Oliver Stone's and we all know about him, rendition of a quasi biography of an influential 1960's rock band. We are treated to behind the scene understanding of what makes Jim Morrison, Jim Morrison.  The movie dragged on and on and on with psychedelic filler. Most of the actors were sleepwalking through the script, especially Meg Ryan and Val Kilmer.  <a href="http
 The older surviving brother of a wagon train ambush, seeks revenge on the leader of the gang responsible for the murder of his parents and the kidnapping of his younger brother. Years later, he is the leader of a group  of 'vigilantes' who oppose lawlessness and unknowingly confronts his  'long-loss-brother' who has since learned the tricks-of-the-trade from the  outlaws.
 My 9yr old popped the DVD right in when it arrived. She's heard all my stories about how much I felt I'd learned with the help of Schoolhouse Rock. We watched and sang together. I think she got a kick out of it. Some of my favorites were totally left out! The 9's and 7's - 6's... were not in there. I assumed that since it was an anniversary editions that they wouldn't leave anything out. I was disappointed by that.
 I was disappointed in the quality of the product. The CD keeps freezing during certain points.
 The dvd was listed in used but good condition.  What arrived was a case that was completely broken down the spine.  The cover was scarred and sticky, like a three year old had attacked it with a jelly doughnut!  The dvd itself has scratches, but none so significant that it hasn't played the tracks that I need.  This was purchased because I teach American History.  I don't have time to go through every track.  When I get to them I'll find out if they work. Bottom line....never again from this seller
 This product does not seem to keep school age children enthralled in the learning process, even though that is what the intent was.  If your child is older than 7, I doubt they will like this.
 When it comes to Chushingura (this version), I've read a few things.  First, this is from all accounts a very, very good movie (maybe even great).  It may be long, and not exactly fast paced, but it is a very well made movie from every comment I've come across.  Second, and this is the most important part as related to the DVD, the transfer and mastering job that Image did on this release is terrible.  It's non-anamorphic, and non-progressive (so the interlaced scan lines are prominently seen when there is motion on screen).  There are other gripes about the transfer as well, but those two are the big ones.  Ten years after the release of this DVD it's time for a Special Edition - with a reworked anamorphic, progressive transfer.  Whether Image does it themselves, or they sell the rights to someone else (or just let them lapse so Criterion can pick them up), this movie deserves MUCH better treatment than it got here.  I'll buy it as soon as a better DVD is released.
 A 1963 Japanese film whose title translates into "Loyalty, this movie accounts the famous Japanese legend of 47 ronin who avenge their master who was tricked into committing seppukku for striking a spiteful superior. It is definitely a great tale to show on film, but unfortunately the delivery here is lacking.  I enjoy how every time I read reviews for this film it is called a "deliberately paced drama. This seems to me an apologetic response to the film's incredible and slow-moving running time. It runs at about 206 minutes (that's about three and a half hours) and you feel every minute of it. It's not that I don't like long movies - I loved "Seven Samurai (which runs almost three hours) and the Civil War epic "Gettysburg. (which runs a whopping 261 minutes, or just about four and a half hours) It's just that this movie runs so incredibly slow it actually gets painful. You lose all track of time. There is so much build-up to moments where nothing happens, and so everything feels wasted. For example, there's a long part where the samurai argue over whether they should give up their castle willingly or fight it out. After deliberations and scenes that make you think they're hiding something, they just give up. Imagine the pain you felt in the last ten minutes of "The Return of the King and stretch it out for three hours, and you'll know how I felt.  And before any one accuses me of anything, it wasn't because there was very little action until the end. I don't mind sitting for hours watching character development or a great storyline with no sword being drawn or gun being fired, but even here the film drags. There are ridiculous romantic subplots that serve no purpose and are too cliche to be enjoyed, while other times you're waiting thirty minutes just for a character to make a decision about themselves. Apparently they wanted to develop every single one of the 47 ronin, which gives this film the same pain I felt in most Robert Altman movies.  I hate to say it, but this became one of the few movies that became a simple chore to watch. I had to force myself until finally I could no longer stand it, and had to take breaks. A lot of times I've said films were worth watching at least once, but here I don't think I could even stand the single viewing. I couldn't understand why the film was so glorified, as its pacing was incredibly plodding and the overall delivery just average. For me, it's quickly been put into the category of films that will boggle the mind of the casual film viewer but be well defended by critics who accuse other people of not getting the "art. Rubi is by far my favorite novela, but I was disappointed to notice that way to many scenes had been edited out of this dvd.  So much so, that at times it's difficult to keep up with what is happening. You will notice this especially if you compare an episode from the dvd with the ones featured on youtube. Of course the main scenes were not cut out, but it's always nice to see what happened prior to the big moments. I wouldn't discourage anyone from buying this product, but be aware of the many edits.  And if you would like an overview of the soap opera, this is a fair buy.
 This spanish soap opera is highly recommended! It brings three dual layered discs. Six sides total. Over 7 hours. Many parts are edited from the soap opera but it is still quite watchable. It also has english subtitles. Some nice extras as well. My biggest gripe all the discs were loose moving freely inside and got scratched alot due to it. Also noticed the audio track raises up and lowers down at times. Might be due to the scratches on the disc.  The discs should be secured better inside the box they came in. Now I have to get an exchange for them. Cause of it. 5 stars for Rubi. 2 stars for the scratched discs.
 Rubi was always my favorite novela, I always caught random episodes on tv and so decided to buy the dvds to make sure I could see the entire series whenever I wanted. I was greatly disappointed when I opened the case and saw only one dvd. I hoped that maybe they had somehow managed to shorten the entire series into one DVD. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The one dvd I got, was amazing, the novela is as good as it wa on tv or maybe even better. I cant find the seller's information to file a complaint, its very disappointing!
 Rubi is severly cut in all duration of the movie. Why do they do this? Want to buy some more telenovelas but am warry. Perhaps when I see a review that people who bought them said NO MORE CUTS! Then will I start buying them again. Sorry. It just makes me so mad!!!
 I was so excited to order and recieve this telenovela Rubi. I seen part of it air on tv and hated to see it end. I ordered this for the english subtitles and Im new to telenovelas and Rubi was the first one I had really tried to keep up with. When I received the DVD in the mail and started to watch it I noticed it was very chopped up from editing and some of the parts I really liked and wanted to know what was said was missing. Also I noticed some of the other good actors were not shown much. Rubi is a good telenovela but If you really want to see it and you know your spanish then I would recommend watching it on tv when it airs again or buying the unedited version if there is one out there.
 I have been a fan of this film ever since I first saw it on VHS fifteen years ago. And with the passage of time, MANHUNTER has not lost much of its power. If you can get past the obvious stylistic comparison with Michael Mann's other project at that time, "Miami Vice, then I think you will find this to be as well made a detective thriller as there has been in our generation. It really is an excellent precursor to later genre films such as SEVEN. Personally, I prefer Brian Cox's version of Hannibal Lecter more than Anthony Hopkins', because Cox is much subtler in his ways than Hopkins. When Cox's Hannibal has a phone brought to his cell and proceeds to manipulate several people, and does it with all the nonchalance of a man enjoying bacon and eggs in the morning, it's the most frightening scene in the film because you get the strong idea this guy can do anything. There is no equivalent scene in any of Hopkins' portrayals because Hopkins never cares to hide the character's evil. Hopkins chose to play Lecter like a wild animal or a modern day Dracula, while I believe Cox is much scarier because his capabilities are hidden behind a mask of relative normality. Nevertheless, people tend to like the version of Lecter they saw first, and I'm no different. That being said, I must warn you, dear movie fan, to avoid purchasing the MANHUNTER Limited Edition set and consider the regular widescreen version instead. Whereas the "Theatrical Version (Disc 1) is sharp and well presented in almost every way, the "Director's Cut DVD (Disc 2) seems to have been created as a careless afterthought, and from an incredibly poor source print. The image is very grainy and washed out, with no sharpness or depth, and it looks for all the while like a second-rate TV print crammed onto a 2.35
 Manhunter suffers from some of the problems that arise when a novel is adapted to the screen
 I do not agree with many of the reviews of this movie. Sure it may be ok for a low budget film but it still isnt good. The movie follows the book Red Dragon very nicely but that isnt a good thing. Sure Red Dragon was a great book but this movie is like listening to the book Red Dragon on an audio tape. It is just too boring. They needed to focus more on Francis Dollarhyde and less on the FBI agents. If they had focused on Dollarhyde and showed the reasons for why he is the way he is and shown what Dollarhyde feels and the ways he thinks hes becoming the Red Dragon this would have been a much better film. One important part that happened in the book that this films lacks is the scene where Dollarhyde feels he is loosing the fight to the Dragon and lossing his mind and goes to the museum and eats the picture. This is a very important part of the book and shows how Dollarhyde wants to change. Then the ending of this movie kills it. The new movie Red Dragon at least some what followed the true ending of the book. The ending of this is made up and is very dull. This was definatly not a huge film but I expected so much more from it.
 Read the hype online and bought it cheap at my local store. Disappointed by the dated score (cheap 'lectronic ala M.Vice) and TV-movie standard of acting.  The scenes where Will Peterson's detective acted outraged-yet-exhilerated when he finaly  saw  with the killer's eyes were painful to watch. The over-emoting was really laughable. One thing I couldn't understand was the lack of subtitles. Brian Cox's accented dialogue sounded terrible and not too terribly menacing. Which makes it harder to convince audiences of Will Graham's terrorised state of mind. The final showdown was choppily edited (on purpose I suppose). Lacked dramatic tension, excerbated by the terrible rock 'n' roll music accompanying the scene. Can't wait for a updated remake...
 This movie comes from the book  Red Dragon , an excellent read.  However, this is not a good translation of the book.  The character central to the book, Francis Dollarhyde, is not explained at all in the movie.  You get no real motivation as to why he is the way he is.  You don't get the connection to the painting  The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed with the Sun .  You don't learn about the abuses of his grandmother.  You don't get the explanation behind the teeth that he uses to bite his victims with.  These were all very central to the character's development.  Without them, he was just a creepy guy.  (You get more evil characters out of Batman cartoons.) Instead, the movie focuses more on Will Graham and his journey.  He is not that interesting of a person, either.  At least, not enough to dedicate a whole movie to. I am a fan of Brian Cox, but he did not ooze the quiet evil that Sir Anthony Hopkins did in  The Silence of the Lambs .  So as a whole, the characters were not engaging. And then there is the ending; the big shock at the end of the book was wasted.  The movie had the typical stylized Hollywood ending that made me cringe.  Not to mention the director's need to linger on a closing shot of the happy-family-in-paradise a good fifteen seconds too long.  Michael Mann may have redeemed himself on later movies, but with Manhunter, you got the Miami Vice, 80's quasi-style of directing. Manhunter is not a scary movie, not a taut movie, not a frightening movie, nor an intense movie.  What is it then?  A dull shell of what could have been.  Save your time; read the book.
 Don't even bother with this movie, just watch Red Dragon. The movie began very consistant with the book, which I read shortly before seeing both films, but after about the first thirty minutes it went off on its own tangent. The acting is cheesy, the dialogue is pourly delivered, and Brian Cox as Hanibal Lector was terrible. Tom Noonan portrayed the Dragon as some love sick teenager who would drop all that he had done for the love of a girl. It completely ignored the fact of how disturbed and tormented he was by the Dragon, which was of course his alter-ego personified in the painting by William Blake which also was curiously absent from this film. It left out all of the development of Dolarhydes character, including his love for Reba, and his attempt to control the Dragon. And the ending... oh boy, that was the worst. In this version you get to see him try to murder Reba, the only woman he ever had true human feelings for, when in the book he wanted nothing more than to let her live and keep her from the Dragons grasp. Red Dragon strayed from the book ending a bit as well, but was a little more consistent with Thomas Harris' original ending. Both films left out the inner-struggle of Will Graham and his ultimate cowardice before the Dragon which led to him losing his own family. Hollywood wants a hero, and although Will leads to the destruction of the Dragon, he was not a hero. Both films made him one. Red Dragon is more consistent with the book, it developes Dolarhydes character, it has a better ending, and brings more insight to the character of Hanibal Lector. Hopefully Thomas Harris will continue this series. I want to see more...
 ...Fans and critics alike consider MANHUNTER to be far superior to THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS announces the DVD cover. A concept that seems to be more and more popular between "purists I for one am very very tired of so called critics and film experts extolling the virtues of this "forgotten gem or "classic 16 years after it BOMBED. Sad to say, sixteen years later it still leaves a lot to be desired. Manhunter is based VERY loosely on the Harris novel and that is mistake number one. Why tamper with a good thing? The arrogance of Michael Mann is why. When the script deviates from the novel, its characters lose their essence. They go from Harris' creations to Mann's adaptions, losing all respect for their original incarnations. Next is the lame Miami Vice feel and look to this thriller. The only thing scary about Miami Vice is people still think its cool to wear penny loafers without socks. The acting is next. Overall, its solid. However, there is no comparison in the Lecter field. There is a reason Hopkins won the Oscar. Cox is good, but he is not Hannibal Lecter. Hopkins inhabited the character in a legendary way. So much so that Manhunter's producer wanted to "remake the film with Hopkins in as Lecter (true, it also cashes in on the Hannibal phenomenon). Anyone who calls Red Dragon a "remake of Manhunter should read the book. The DVD edition of Manhunter suffers from a horrible, and I mean horrible, conversion. It is dark and murky. At frst I thought it was a lame attempt to hide the Miami Vice feel, but no...its just a bad conversion. The movie is enjoyable on its own merits, but Silence is golden, Hannibal is king, and Dragon reigns supreme. That is the true trilogy, as it was originally envisioned.
 UPDATE
 After reading numerous reviews for "Red Dragon ranting and raving about this film and how great it is, I felt like I really should see what all the fuss is about -- so I rented this film.  "Manhunter is very dated, and not in a good way. The score sounds to me like Vangelis having a bad hair day (and I'm a big fan of synthesizers). There is far too much exposition, which is always a sign that the screenwriter failed in properly translating the literary medium to the visual medium of film.  Acting here is rather mediocre... not poor, but nothing remarkable. And perhaps worst of all -- this film lacks Anthony Hopkins. As ridiculous as that may sound, he *is* Hannibal Lecter. Nobody can do Lecter like he can. Any "Hannibal Lecter movie without Hopkins is automatically missing something. This is just my opinion of course, and I recognize that some people may not care too much who plays Lecter.  I found myself getting bored and a bit drowsy while watching this, and the feeling never left. I barely managed to sit through this film. In case you want to peg me as a kid unable to appreciate pre-90's films, I'm 40 years old and some of my all time favorite movies were made in the late 70's through mid 80's. This one just lacks the taut script, production values, acting, cinematography, musical score and visual storytelling ability of "Red Dragon. Contrary to what many have said while reviewing the aforementioned movie, this one *was* ripe for a remake. It would have been a shame to leave perhaps the best of Thom Harris's "Hannibal books with this lousy adaptation.  Many fans of this film state various silly reasons why they like it... the presence of the song "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (huh?), the "kitschy atmosphere (go watch "Soylent Green or "Logan's Run instead, they're far better kitsch-fests), the more subtle atmosphere (which, incidentally, utterly lacks suspense and differs enormously from Thom Harris's novel), etc.  Not a single explanation yet makes sense to me.  If you like "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida so much, I'd suggest picking up an Iron Butterfly CD rather than this movie.  Not having read the book, I'm not sure how much "Red Dragon stole from "Manhunter, and how much came from the book. All I can say is that "Red Dragon does it better in every conceivable respect. Skip this turkey, and rent "Red Dragon instead. Or if you like, rent this one first so you can see for yourself just how much better "Red Dragon is.
 the wait is finally over.the real manhunter has been made and it is so true to the book that it retained its name.while manhunter was a toothless yapfest,brett ratners red dragon is like a 15000 lb. 5 headed shark.those who dislike the new version say its because the director used a paint by numbers approach.if the painting was to eventually resemble the book version then so be it.i see nothing wrong with a director focusing in on what the author had intended.what was he supposed to do?a rehash of the sorry m. mann's vision?!? thankfully not!!! brian cox was a non entity here where as in the book/2003 version,hopkins,shall we say,has a hands on part.in mike manns version,its walk around,talktalktalk,appear confused,talktalktalk and roll credits.ratner made sure that would not be the case here.i did like petersons graham over nortons.but thats the only kudos manhunter gets.norton seems too naive for an agent whos already experienced the hell of his profession.way too sheepish.mike mann can and has directed movies with equal parts talk/action(heat-bordeline though,live and die in L.A.)come to mind.why he decided to yap it up here confused me.well,thank you mr ratner for hearing me conplain and fullfill mr.thomas' true vision of red dragon.
 This is Michael (LAST OF THE MOHICANS, HEAT, THE INSIDER) Mann's far superior, first film adaptation of Thomas Harris' RED DRAGON. It's superb. Creepy, tense, edgy, slick when you don't expect to be, and genuinely even-handed about the story's anti-hero Will Graham and the supposed monster Francis Dolarhyde (portrayed as just as twisted a human as the detectives who pursue him), MANHUNTER is a artfully crafted thriller that stands apart from the other "Hannibal the Cannibal films. I also far prefer Brian Cox as Lektor, he gets under your skin without making an incision, while Anthony Hopkins splattered the screen with patent medicine ookiness.  That said.... I was very disappointed when I rented this particular set. The second, "director's cut version is clearly a pre-release work print, with lower grade titles and dubbing, and a final scene of Graham visiting near-victim family #3 that is just terrible.  The first disc is the release version, and though it restores a few scenes which were snipped from the VHS cut, a quick line from the scene in which Graham figures out how Dolarhyde is picking his victims is "missing. ("As a child my heart bleeds for him ... as an adult ... slaughters whole families for selfish, trivial ends. ... Are you uncomfortable with this kind of understanding?") Whether it really needs to be in the scene is arguable. Mann may've removed it from the final version for good reasons. He sneers at his friend and former colleague, Crawford. Alienates him. It's a false climax in a scene when the REAL climax is the storeroom guard (on the phone) confirming Graham's breakthrough discovery about the mountain of forensic evidence.  Other than that, the first disc is superbly transferred. If you've only seen this on tape, the clarity and color saturation of the original film will amaze you. Save your pennies, buy the "release version single disc release, and let Canal/Anchor Bay learn that mis-labled "director's cuts just won't sell.
 Ah, I just finished viewing the Human Stain. It had so much potential, but was a victim of illogical plot development. The most powerful theme is the rejection of race by the main character -- and the writer should have created more tension and drama with that and left the affair with the cleaning woman for another movie.  It was so inane for the script to dismiss the "spook comment as innocent because it was uttered by a tragically undercover black man. Hello? Been to film school? That's the perfect dramatic hook for the character. What if he meant it because of how society's prejudice drove him to hate his blackness and the lower rung he was, by color, relegated to. What if in the flashbacks of his secret black life we learned what pushed him to cultural self-rejection , to, as his mom said, "murdering his black self. What if he finally let that venom out in class one day because he felt the truant black students epitomized the behavior that made society deem blacks lazy, shiftless, and worthless. More drama would have been created if he successfully convinced the college his remark was harmless and he got his job back -- all the while the audience knows he hates both his blackness and the society that compels him to reject it.  Instead we get a completely unnecessary love story, and superflous characters like the Vietnam veteran and the writer friend. And asinine preaching at his funeral about why his spook comment was not racist because he was black. BTW, why was the main character's death essential to this plot? Two other people had already unnecessarily died. Ridiculous story development here.
 The Human Stain has a dream cast, but each star is shockingly miscast.  Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman lead the list of Oops, I shouldn't be here, but are closely followed by Gary Sinise and Ed Harris.  So mujch talent, so sadly wasted.  i actually felt embarassed for Hopkins.  Better luck next  time!
 I was really anxious to see this movie. I have aleays loved Hopkins and Kidman and Harris is a great supporting actor for every film. But this film is really disappointing. Not only for the actors, but for the story which is too confusing and plenty of flashes-back. The accident in the first scene is also a failure, because the film loses all interest. Sinise's part is really strange
 I sat through this entire film even after my wife begged me to turn it off and then stormed out of the room to watch TV in the living room.  She was bored to tears and felt that the premise was unbelievably stupid.  Little did she know, I completely agreed I just have this thing about only seeing part of a movie.  I had to finish it, even if I knew I was gonna hate it.  To me the idea that Anthony Hopkins could be a black man is so unbelievable that I couldn't even begin to concentrate on the meat of the film.  I understand that the novel is acclaimed and everything, and everyone, even critics feel that this film is loyal to that novel, but if that's the case then the novel can't be that great.  If they had chosen another actor I could have believed it maybe, I mean, I have light skinned black friends and I know they could pass for white, but when they tell you their black you can see the features...Anthony Hopkins is whiter than I am...and there's no way I could pass for black so Hopkins is out.  Really if it weren't for the excellent acting on the parts of Hopkins, Kidman and Harris this movie would have no redeeming qualities.  So here you have it, young black man looks white, realizes it's easier to just play white then be who you are, he disowns his family to live his life easy, he becomes a teacher and now in his 70's he's accused of being racist by the people who think he's white so he starts an affair with a much younger woman whos drunk husband wants to kill them both, and he does, and then his secret is exposed to this guy who wants to write a book about him.  I just had such a hard time getting over the idea that some idiot thought Anthony Hopkins could be black that I can't even see this movie for the good that it is.  I'm sorry; this review is probably so tainted it's not even funny.  For all I know this is a great movie, I mean even the premise is something I would normally really enjoy it's just so hard to get over...I'm rambling...never mind.  Like I said, I really tried.
 A professor notes that, five weeks into the semester, two students have never appeared in his class. He asks if they are spooks, as in ghosts. But they happen to be black, so this professor (Anthony Hopkins) is sacked. You lost me that quickly. There is no credibility in this premise.  Furthermore, he happens to be a black man masquerading as a Jew, and he later falls into an affair with Nicole Kidman, who is a poor young janitor illiterate. Or so I've read in a review somewhere.  Which boundaries are stronger? Old and young? Rich and poor? Educated and uneducated? Black and white? People who watch this movie and Michael LaRocca?  Yep. I gave up in 10 short minutes. This is too heavy-handed, obvious, Hollywood, blunt force trauma. Give them a good cause, and a novel by Philip Roth, and they can ruin it in a hurry. Damn.
 Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a highly respected college dean and professor.  After one innocent remark is misinterpreted as a racist comment, he is forced to quit his job in disgrace.  Coleman begins a strange affair with an aimless woman (Nicole Kidman) half his age, who has had a tragic past and isn't ready to return his love.  For me, this strange little movie was doomed from the start, when the big finish is shown right away.  The rest of the story is shown in choppy, anti-climactic flashbacks (often out of order) which didn't allow for any build-up in tension or sympathy for the main character, Coleman.  As a young man from New Jersey, he's played by Wentworth Miller who is quite charismatic and likeable, but looked and sounded nothing like the Welsh-accented adult Coleman (who sometimes appeared to channel a leering Hannibal Lector).  Hopkins is so horribly miscast in this role that it's impossible to buy the racially-charged plot.  Kidman was also completely wrong for this movie; her innate grace and elegance couldn't be hidden by a messy hairdo and I never bought her as an illiterate custodian.  Her graphic love scenes with Hopkins were more creepy than romantic.  There is so much personal tragedy among the main characters  - including Gary Sinise who plays a troubled writer and Ed Harris as a crazed Vietnam vet - and yet the movie misfires completely and I felt no connection with them or the whole premise of injustice.  Afterward, I was left shaking my head at this surprising mess of a movie and just amazed that so much talent couldn't save it.
 A quiet deliberate movie ultimately suffers from having too much star power. No matter how scruffy and wain the filmmakers try to make Nicole Kidman look, she's still Nicole Kidman. Her portrayal of a janitor really pushes the limits of "suspension of disbelief with her delicate features and legs that go on forever.  And Anthony Hopkins is also miscast as a Jewish professor with a hard knock, secret past. While he remains one of my favorite actors, he cannot escape his "Britishness which is even more unbelievable once you discover what his character's past is! The real discovery of this film is Wentworth Miller's absolutely astonishing turn as the teenage Anthony Hopkins.  Ultimately, the film is worth seeing for Wentworth Miller alone. But the casting of two megawatt Hollywood actors hurts the believability of this film in the end.
 Robert Benton's "The Human Stain is a well-intentioned, ambitious but ultimately deeply flawed film.  It does a masterful job of passing for a profound, Oscar-caliber film.  So masterful, in fact, that for long stretches of time you don't notice that it's simply not working.  It boasts an incredible A-list cast including Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise and Ed Harris, it does indeed boast some Oscar-worthy performances.  I was especially impressed by Kidman's complete transformation into a somewhat-less-than-classy janitor.  In addition to the tour-de-force cast, there's Benton's artsy direction style and the even-artsier cinematographer Jean-Yves Escoffier's beautiful work.  Escoffier died shortly after filming wrapped and the film is dedicated in his memory.  And thene there's the esteemed Rachel Portman's beautifully composed score.  And then there's the source material which was adapted from the brilliantly complex novel by Philip Roth.  However, these glittering pieces never fit together into a movie that's worthy of its prestigious pedigree.  It seems unfair, then, that all of that talent and expertise has resulted in a film that, while beautifully crafted, is so emotionally detached, remote, and confused by itself.  I haven't read Roth's novel, but I suspect that screenwriter Nicholas Meyer, in his attempt to get all the main characters and events from the book onto the screen, had to leave a lot of connective material behind. That material, whatever it may be, may have seemed less important to Meyer, but without it the parts of Roth's story just drift, disconnected, in their own peculiar orbits.  Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a college professor who loses his job over a supposedly racist remark.  The irony of this charge forms the base theme for the story. Silk's comment is innocent because of "the big secret he has hidden for many years.  After resigning from the college where he had worked for years, he begins an affair with Faunia Farley, played by Kidman.  She has her own emotional baggage and is unable to commit to the relationship with Coleman.  The affair, however, revitalizes Silk and he is finally able to confront some of his past demons.  Just about the time all these conflicts are coming to a head, the whole story comes to a crashing halt. There is an extended epilogue. The movie staggers on for about 20 more minutes, but the story has been decapitated, and has nowhere to go. The ending is anti-climactic in the most extreme sense of the word.  The storyline is periodically (and annoyingly) interrupted by extended flashbacks of Coleman as a young man in 1944 New York.  It's in these scenes that we learn "the big secret that Coleman has spent his life concealing.  This is the hidden core of the film.  And it ends up being the ultimate failing of the film. The flashbacks work fine on their own merits, but they don't feel connected at all to the rest of the film. The flashback scenes, and the secret they contain, seem to have no impact on the later scenes. If somebody told me that Hopkins was never even told by Benton what went on in the flashblacks, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.  Kidman, meanwhile, takes a good many risks, playing not just seductive but lowbrow to considerable effect; her character, however, is never fully explored, and a few of her scenes are bizarrely unexplained (especially one in which she talks to a caged crow in a campus classroom, which comes out of nowhere and makes very little sense).
 As I have not read the original book by Philip Ross, I cannot say for certain whether or not the book is better than the film -- kind of usual debate surrounding any novel.  But I can say this for sure -- the story about is very interesting, and the theme very intriguing, but the unbelievable casting ruins everything.  Anthony Hopkins plays a Jewish professor of classic literature, Coleman Silk, who resigns his post after referring to the absentee student, using, some argue, politically incorrect word.  Remember, the time is set in 1998, when that kind of PC debate was still going on.  Silk, after losing his job and wife too, meets a chain-smoking woman Faunia Farley, who works at university and post-office, played by Nicole Kidman.  And Faunia, it seems, is trying to shake off the sad, traumatic memories about her husband who came back from Vietnam (Ed Harris).  All these stories are told by Zuckerman, generally supposed to be alter ego of the writer Ross, and Gary Sinese appears as him, living alone in a hut.  Then Zuckerman (and we) will know the secret of Professor Silk, who in fact was not Jewish, and buried secrets about his family in the past.  Now, think about this.  Anthony Hopkins, born in Wales if I am not mistaken, is hardly the right choice for the role.  Not that he is not intellectual ... he definitely is ... but he never looks the way the film requires.  And Sinese as Zuckeman is also a strange choice, for Zuckerman must be, considering his profile, much older than Sinese is.  And the same thing goes to Nicole Kidman.  After playing Virginia Wolfe or Satine, she cannot play this role.  I don't say that a chain-smoking woman  working at a dairy farm cannot be like Nicole Kidman.  It's only that we have seen too many of her, and we feel that she is stretching her acting too much.  What is most regreattable is that the younger Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller is so convincing.  I know his personal background, and that lends some power to the credible character, but the fact is that Mr. Miller himself is a talented actor, perhaps, as far as the film goes, better suited to the role of Mr. Silk, than Hopkins, who is getting hammier these days.  The film is beautifully shot (the last film by photographer Jean-Yves Escoffier), and the theme is a worthy one, but the script by Nicholas Meyer is curiously hollow.  It sporadically delves the deeper places of the character(s), but is too busy keeping up with the pace, trying to include many things in the film.  Strange thing is, Zuckerman, who should be the link to the characters, is least effective, just muddling through the novel's world.  Did we need him after all?  I am hugely disappointed by the result, and especially the casting, though I admit that the central characters are interesting, and the material is worth discussing.  Maybe we should read the book, as many reviewers would say after watching the filmed versions of their beloved books.
 ***SPOILER ALERT!***  Anthony Hopkins, with his distinctive Welsh accent, plays a black man(!) posing as a Jew (huh?). I guess he developed that Welsh accent as he got older, because it was totally missing in his younger years. Then there's the exquisitely beautiful Nicole Kidman, who does her best to look plain and bedraggled. Both premises are essential to buying into the movie. Both premises are also utterly unbelieveable. Hopkins and Kidman are superb actors, but I could not suspend my disbelief. There is simply NO WAY to believe that Hopkins is even the lightest-skinned black person ever to walk the earth; nor can Kidman hide her radiant beauty behind a frumpy look. No, no, no!
 British actor Anthony Hopkins was playing a African-American man who pretends he's Jewish. Hopkins did the role well and he managed to make me forget that he's playing a Black man from New Jersey. I can understand learning to speak properly but you don't pick up a slightly British accent. That would be pretentious. I just think there are actors that could have been more believable as Coleman Silk. Coleman is accused of racism after using the word "spook when he mean "specter or "ghost because two students never appeared in his class. He never met them so he didn't know they were Black.  Nicole Kidman was playing a woman who came from a rich family who ran away from home at 14 after being sexually molested by her stepfather. She got on my nerves because she came across as she was on smack in every single scene. Coleman Silk falls in love with her despite the fact she seems psycho. I found it impossible to feel sorry Nicole's character. I thought she was capable of doing what her Vietnam Vet husband accused her of.  The best part of the movie were the flashbacks that Coleman (Anthony Hopkins) had of his youth. A younger Coleman was played by Wentworth Miller who was much more believable.  I don't want to say too much about the movie. I bet the book by Philip Roth is better and if anyone is interested maybe should read that instead.
 Since this film has so many problems... lets have some fun with it, shall we? I look at this list and I wish I were actually 'kidding'.  1. Anthony Hopkins... is black?  2. Anthony Hopkins looks like a totally different person when he was 'young'?  3. Anthony Hopkins cares about getting notes denouncing his activities with a younger woman... from a college he no longer works for?  4. Anthony Hopkins is having an 'affair' with the Nicole Kidman character? Really? His wife is dead, she's divorced... where's the affair?  5. Anthony Hopkins only friend in the world is some writer he burst in on in his cabin to write a book called 'Spooks'?  All of these questions are actually descriptive of what you'll find in The Human Stain. The saddest part of this list is, I only watched about 61 mintues of this movie, which was all I could stand. I think I stopped watching when I discovered Hopkins was black, or was it during the arguement over his 'affair'? I kept wondering what could come next? We discover Nicole Kidman isn't really a woman? Honestly, everything about it is grating and very little works. Kidman is fine, but that's almost too bad cause it's a wasted performance. My fave actor in the world is Anthony Hopkins and while he does have a poor movie once in awhile (SEE
 not only too much material  trying to cover but wrong casting.  Love mr. Hopkins but get real.the back and forth,flash backs  made it seem that the film was more like patchwork.  Sort of left unfinished  just seemed not quite able to pull it together.
 Ed Harris does his best performance here.  Anthony Hopkins hasn't branched out much from his past roles, so his performance to me seems typical of what you'd expect.  There are parts of this story that I simply cannot believe.  I know this movie was based on a book, but in today's society where political correctness and diversity are shoved down our throats, I find it equally hard to believe that Coleman grew up with a prim and proper black family that had zero ebonics in their speech, zero animosity toward whites and were jewish to boot.  It's just too much of a stretch for me.  It seems to me all of this was thrown together to further the believability of the story, which otherwise would not be believable.  If it weren't for me being so tired of the whole spin on race nowadays I might've enjoyed this film more.  As it is all I see is a farce that begs to be believed.
 This film has always been one of my favorites.  I own three copies on VHS (two back-ups just in  case the one I usually watch wears out). I make all of  my friends watch it, and most of them love it as much as I do.  It's stupid, completely inept, and totally hilarious. I put it up there with Richard Elfman's "Forbidden Zone and John Paiz's "Crimewave (A.K.A. "The Big Crimewave") as one of the three greatest cult movies of all time.  Only problem is nobody has ever heard of this movie. So I couldn't believe my luck when I stumbled upon the DVD!!!  I thought I was dreaming. I was tempted to buy three copies... just in case.  First off, I watched the deleted scenes and extras,  which were pretty great. It seemed odd, though, because  I had already seen many of the deleted scenes (they are part of my VHS versions). Then, when I settled in to watch the movie, my heart was broken.  Somebody, in their infinite wisdom, decided to  censor out almost all of the nudity, and many other  scenes have either been shortened,  or are missing entirely.  I suppose this version of the film might seem a little more  competent, because the missing scenes may have slowed down the pacing of the movie a little, but the  missing scenes were all PRICELESS. The ineptitude of this  film is what made it special, and editing it down to a  more "professional-feeling version is borderline blasphemy.  After seeing this edited and censored version, I wished I had never bought it at all. I wish it didn't even exist. Thank god for my VHS copies.  Whoever decided to censor and edit this film should be  ashamed of themselves. Thanks a lot for wrecking one of my favorite films. I only give it two stars because  some of the extras are cool.
 All the gung-ho, red-blooded flag-wavers who love this movie should be aware of one pertinent fact
 The one redeeming quality of this movie
 The fact that this ludicrous film was made without a hint of irony is what makes it so hilarious. Favorite scenes
 Back in 1980's, our USSR TV foreing reviewers told us that U.S. imperialistic movie industry have created "Amerika", "Red Dawn and some other propaganda films along with Rambo sequels. Some trailers were shown on, with adequate ideological commentaries, typical for that time. The main result was our huge desire to watch all the movies. Now we can have them completely and - for such a disappointment. To begin with, not too much is authentical. Vehicles are not Russian, nor is the uniform (most bizarre persons are officers including beard-wearing 'cossack' general). Spoken Russian is not realistic, and the colonel's speech is ~70% not understandable, with words and phrases absent in Russian language. In many aspects, movie is definitely not a piece of art.  We in USSR had no films of a kind to compare (the ideas of US invasion into Russian mainland, or USSR invasion to USA appeared ridiculous). The USSR answer to Rambo was "Odinochnoe plavanie (Solo voyage) where 2 elite Soviet VDV paratroopers and 2 marines demolish US secret missile base (killing all Rambo-style 'green berets') to prevent CIA starting WW3. But Americans in that film were not described as ugly war maniacs, they were just human enemies with their human life.  Red Dawn is a must see for everyone who wants to have an example of primitive, easy-going, yet somehow convincing Cold War propaganda.
 I can't believe that anyone ever took this film seriously.  I give it two stars simply because it really defines and illustrates the paranoia and  red scare  mentality of the Reagan era.
 The thing about Red Dawn, the thing that lies buried under two hours of ham-fisted battle sequences and stiff dialogue and right-wing fantasy, is that there were plenty of interesting and fruitful directions that the movie could have taken. This could have been awesome allegory on the loss of innocence, a dark dystopian nightmare, or some sort of social commentary. Hell, I would have settled for an explicit political message. Just give me something, movie, just give me something. Because as it stands, all Red Dawn has to offer is a lot of flat, unexciting shots of people running around in the woods. Every once in a while the characters will do something that annoys me, or something that doesn't make sense (where did they get winter clothes???), or they'll say something really stupid, but that's it; the rest of the movie is a Sarah Palin daydream, full of gunfire and inept communists and easy, uber-patriotic moralizing. The camerawork keeps us appropriately distant from the characters, underscoring the fact that we're barely given any reason to even learn their names; I feel like I'm spending the whole movie spying on them from the next campsite over.  Oh, and this has been pointed out before, but... okay, so, like, the commie sonsabitches wanna attack America, so they choose to stage their invasion from Colorado...? Look, my military experience consists exclusively of playing Age Of Empires II, but even I know that you're not supposed to build a town center in the middle of your enemy's camp; they're just gonna garrison their villagers and burn the thing down (which reminds me; as my friend and I watched this movie, we both thought it would be awesome if the communists tried to win by building a wonder). I mean, the movie tries to explain stuff, but the explanation involves saying a bunch of country names and a bunch of scary words. Every once in a while, there'll be a verb or a conjunction.  Oh, and the head of the Mexican forces turns out to be a pretty nice guy, and when that happens you can practically hear the movie saying "even when they turn into commies, Mexicans are still better than those dirty filthy stinking Russkies. Yeeeeeee-hawwwwww, let's git 'em! Vote Reagan.  Look, I'm not trying to make fun of conservatism here. I have plenty of conservative friends, and they're every bit as reasonable and thoughtful and intelligent as you could possibly want. It's this movie's gung-ho, us-against-them, heartland hero mentality that irks me. And even then, I rate this movie low not because of its politics, but because it's simply an artistic failure; there's no characterization, a flimsy plot, dull and poorly choreographed action scenes, a wet firecracker of an ending, and bad dialogue. Two stars for an effective opening sequence, an interesting premise, and all that wasted potential.
 This movie was moronic.  The Red Army is no match for a small group of dim witted teenagers?!?  Gimme a break!  This movie was chock full of utter nonsense.  It was not believable nor did it suspend my disbelief which is the fundamental rule in movie making.  Instead it called attention to itself at every turn with conspicuous exposition, horrid acting, and bad dialogue.  A screwball from the past like this will normally have some comedic value but this one did not.  I give it 1.5 stars.
 This film asks the question
 One has to admire director John Milius for making a film like RED DAWN.  Perhaps the most politically correct movie of its time, the film's story of Russians and Cubans taking over a small Colorado town must have felt right in an era of Reagan's  evil empire  mentality.  The action scenes, inspired to a large extent by Peckinpah, are also well choreographed. But it's precisely because of its politics and Milius' well-known penchant for loving war, guns, and right-wing jingoism that RED DAWN has dated so badly that there is no way it could ever have become a classic.  And that is really a shame, given those action scenes and the cast assembled--young ones (Charlie Sheen, Patrick Swayze, etc.) and vets (Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, etc.).  Much like THE GREEN BERETS, a certain political slant has largely poisoned this movie.  But whereas THE GREEN BERETS is now more of a joke than ever before, RED DAWN's demise is more complex.  It simply doesn't hold up well under the scrutiny of better war films made either prior to it or after it, despite its good cinematic intentions.
 The only reason Im giving this 2 stars is that this movie is so bad that its hilarious.  I actually bought the movie because I heard it  was horrible.  Nothing is  plausible, from the special effects to the plot.  In fact Im terrified at how many reviewers here find this movie realistic and ingrossing. At this same time, one of these reviewers also quoted (i refuse to capitalize his name)john wilkes boothe, so i realize the demographic of the people who believe in this film.    The box says that Red Dawn begins with one of the most "shocking scenes filmed. I'd says its one the most stupid. Because NATO has randomly fallen apart, the US is all of a sudden completely vulnerable to an invasion. WTF?! Anyways, Soviet troops land on a high school football field in Colorado, the perfect place to invade.  Then of course, the ONLY black person in the movie, the history teacher, walks outside to inquire about all of the parachuters.  He is subsequently shot multiple times.  This cliche is just plain offensive as it is all to common to see the token black dude die first, specifically about a minute into movie. After the director took care of the black guy, he has the soviets fire at the students in the school, obviously a major threat.    Much like the opening sequence, the rest of the movie is laughable. About ten high school kids live in the forest in refuge; the town has been taken over and in only a few days, a new soviet territory takes up the majority of the country.  The towns civilians are being locked up based on gun ownership records.  This is filmmakers' way of say that gun control laws are bad because the Russians could use gun purchase records to have gun owners put into internment camps.    Though the kids are reported as missing and are targets of the soviets, they are able to walk through town unnoticed, with weapons!    The worst element of the movie is that this small group of kids basically defeats an army of trained soldiers.  They are able to do this by hiding and shoot at enemy squads and convoys which pass by.  When attacked, these soldiers are completely surprised and in turn, they run around in circles until they are all picked off.  As for the convoys, they can never seem trace the gunfire and the smoke trails of the unlimited rockets that the teens have to the very obvious vantage points which they are clustered in.  Also, no matter how far away a grenade is thrown from its target, the enemy never fails to keel over and die, 2 seconds after the explosion.  While this seems to repeat endlessly, it stays fresh as new levels of stupidity are introduced throughout the film.    I will now discribe some of the funniest/most stupid scenes
 This movie is about a battle that took place, from what I can gather, sometime between Vietnam and the Persian Gulf War I. It is about Cuban insurgents that infiltrate a strategic town somewhere in the Rocky mountains. The Soviet Union joins the Cubans to fortify the town which is seemingly unreachable by the American military due to it's logistics. A few fresh faced kids battle the insurgency but ultimately fail in the end. This movie seemed to glorify the actual event which gets little if any mention in historical texts.
 John Milius (the Director)  did a fine job in selecting a benevolent cast.  A young Charlie Sean, Patrick Swayzw and Lea Thompson were pariahs from their small town in Colorado.  The Russians invaded this small town and fell their patriotic spirts.  These teens esacped and found refuge in a the mountains. With their supplies they were able t rejuvenate and stay alive.    There was no antebellum period to our knowledge.  It was a surprise attach.  The Russian were behemeth compared to this small town.  Why they attaced in the mniddle of Colorado is unknown and a little unbelievable. Once you goet over the shock of them just attacking a school you c an get into the movie and root for the incognito teens.    These teens called themselves the "wolverines.  Many of them wanted to avenger their families and friends.  The would oscillate through the mountain and reeked havoic on the soilders, the "wolverines had many quells.    The end result is a few loved characters dying and the USA eventually winning the fued.    It is ascertain  the reputations of communistist have once agian been tarnishd by RED DAWN.  The teens became exacerbated because of hte communistit attacking their town but they did something about it.  This was a good movie if you would like to see aspiring actors when they wre just starting out, and you like drama with a little action tied in.
 As a proud Reagan conservative I'm ashamed to admit that we've suffered from impotency since the fall of the USSR. I know what you're thinking, but if you've seen our women you would know why they never did it for us in the first place. Of course, trying to decimate social programs to help the needy and denying healthcare to the sick and dying over the last few decades makes it tingle now and again, but it's not nearly the same. Fear no longer!! Amazon has the miracle cure in the form of this Collectors Edition DVD of Red Dawn. In Red Dawn, not only do the Soviets still have their Nuclear ICBMs pointed at our foreheads, but they even show up in person to shove heavy armaments and automatic weapons in every single bodily opening they can find. They attack us, imprison us, massacre our families, and devastate our communities... heck, I haven't been this rock hard since the Cuban missile crisis!  So grab a copy of this from Amazon along with a jug of lube to hit that $25 super saver limit and have the most intense night of your life! OH YEA! GO WOLVERINES!  P.S. I find having a picture of The Gipper around helps.
 A Reagan-era Cold War paranoid fantasy about World War III, RED DAWN was born in the same year as Tom Clancy's RED STORM RISING, and has (suspiciously) so many of the same faults and foibles. The film stars a callow cast of 1980s Hollywood newcomers like Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen, all of whom overact audaciously. The irony is that this film is far worse than it seems at first. Certainly, this tale of young partisan fighters defending their homeland could have and should be stirring. The difficulty lies first in the fact that there are so many fine and inspiring such stories from real wars that the make-believe war of RED DAWN is gratuitous; secondly, it is hard to believe that a Soviet-led force of Cubans and Nicaraguans could use Central America and Mexico like a six lane superhighway to roll into the Great Plains as far north as Cheyenne, Wyoming without being stopped by the U.S. Military; thirdly, it seems absurd that this untrained band of eight teenagers could pin down what seems to be an entire Army Group singlehandedly; and fourthly, the jingoism of RED DAWN is so overwhelming as to be well-nigh nauseating. Unless the viewer habitually uses Old Glory either as a bath towel or a window treatment, the ersatz patriotism of RED DAWN grates annoyingly.  Much of what makes a movie work is the consistency of its own internal reality. RED DAWN flops badly in this regard. For example, our heroes move freely in and out of occupied areas without being captured despite the fact that they are all on the "Most Wanted list and their identities are known to the enemy. In one scene they actually visit a prison camp, talk to the inmates through the fence, and walk off unmolested with one character screaming, "Avenge me, boys! at the top of his lungs. Nothing too obvious, of course; this is undoubtedly the worst scene in the movie. Likewise, they never seem to run out of ammunition, and are adept with even the most complicated weapons. When they are lured out into the open with food as bait it takes three Hind helicopters to hunt them down---why didn't the enemy just poison the food and save themselves the trouble? Inconsistencies like this pepper the film and dumb it down significantly.  As parody, RED DAWN works magnificently. The utter incompetence of the enemy in the face of the varsity boys is amazing, especially considering that this same enemy has just taken over about 50% of American territory. RED DAWN celebrates all the shotgun shell values of the beer-and-T-shirt contingent by treating its celluloid war like a pep rally. God bless the Second Amendment! The superheroic "Wolverines (named for their High School football team, dear God), are incredibly too dedicated to cheering themselves on, leaving their trademark graffiti on Russian half-tracks, launching light automatic weapons ambuscades against tanks loaded for bear, and winning every time. The killing in RED DAWN is treated like an exercise in testosterone therapy as the Wolverines bite nearly every bullet in their arsenal in half and tough it out through a foodless, heatless Colorado winter. It isn't Valley Forge but the viewer gets the idea. With clearly phony pretensions to be inspiring and patriotic, RED DAWN becomes a video game much as TOP GUN did, but with far less cinematic quality. Never meant to be taken seriously, cartoonish and overwrought, this film is memorable mostly for its silliness and its histrionics. And, like root canal, it's about twenty minutes too long.
 The video started out great with Mr. Segovia playing a couple of peices but quickly degraded to just scenes of the Spanish country-side with only the music being played in the background. If I was interested in seeing  Spain, I would have bought a video to that end. I wish I could return  this tape but unfortunately you cannot return opened video  packages!!! Extremely disappointed, expected more playing and less  scenery.
 Los puntos a favor de esta pel&iacute;cula son varios
 This definitely was not what my kids and I were expecting - christmas you would think would mean christmas episodes but not so much
 This movie is just a waste of money and the story is so juvenile that it might as well be rated NC-17 for how much skin can we show and not be rated XXX. Don't waste your money, especially if you have young children at home.
 As in seasons eight and nine of "Smallville", this tenth season will appeal to fans of the "comic action-adventure variety.  Those looking for solid writing, richly developed characters, and legitimate, non-predictable "wow moments have likely trickled off after seasons 5-6.  I have been with the series for the long haul and, while thoroughly enjoying the first 5 seasons, liking 6-7, and despising 8-9, I cannot give the final season good reviews based on nostalgia perpetuated by the show's ending.  There are a few basic plotlines that run throughout this final season, all of which fall flat in one way or another
 I'm on the second disk now, and the third episode does not play on my xbox 360, on my TV's DVD player it skips constantly, however, it does play on my PS3. Not really sure why, it is not the blue ray version so there is really no excuse for the dvd to only play on certain devices.
 As a long-time Smallville fan, the last season wrap-up of this decade long series is somewhat disappointing. A few stand-out episodes pepper the season early on and Erica Durance's Lois Lane charms us through and through.  However, fans who loyally waited for Clark to get the suit and finally fly under the colors of his heroic destiny will be sorely disappointed.  The obvious "blue-screen effects and the fact that Clark was in costume for what was probably less than 8 minutes at the end of the final episode suggest that the creators of the series begrudgingly gave fans what they were clamoring for -- and only at the last moment.  Other plot and character inconsistencies abound. The last season has a few golden moments, but they're planted like Easter egg gifts among an otherwise limited vision of one of our most enduring American heroes.
 First let me start by saying I loved Smallville. I watched my first episode in 2007 and quickly caught up with the previous episodes and currently own seasons 1-9. I loved that the writers tried to be as balanced and fair as possible. I also loved the energy of the show!  I missed the first two episodes, but made sure to catch Homecoming. I couldn't believe the direction the show was talking with its not-so subtle jabs at "embracing illegal immigrants  I was surprised, because the same sort of comment had been made in the previous episode too. Wasn't it Lois who said in season six, "does breaking and entering not mean anything to rich people? But the message seemed to be that it's okay to enter another country as long as it's done by a someone living in poverty- then you don't need to follow the rules. I didn't like the overall disrespect that the military was given in this season. They were portrayed as villains' and I expected more balance.  I also expected a stronger story. I think the thing writers and producers of comics need to remember is that in fantasy/sci-fi a hero is only as credible as the villain. Replacing strong villains' like Doomsday, Zod, and Lex with a boorish, contrived and ghost-like character that preys on people like some evil little devil sitting on their shoulder is childish and insulting to the viewer.  There were also a few sloppy episodes that made me cringe. A bachelor party themed episode where they wake up and don't know what happened? It was so hard to watch them act drunk, and what was worse was the lines seemed like they were being made up as the actors went along.  Again, I would just urge people to think twice before purchasing this season. I'm glad I saw the epiodes I did, because I will not be buying this propaganda soap box season and the political bru ha ha that took away from the really genuine and beautiful relationship that Lois and Clark were finally able to have.  I would also love to see how that relationship ended, but the constant insinuation that only a corrupt individual would ask people to enter a country legally was just too much. My Grandmother came to this country legally at time when her country was at war and everyone was starving, yet she still managed to enter the US by abiding all laws. To suggest that its' okay to just enter a country, because "they only want the opportunities that you and your family have (As Oliver's lines stated) is a slap in the face to all those who respected the laws of their future country.
 If you are looking for the well written, well produced, and well directed episodes from the early years of this acclaimed series you probably won't find it in this loose collection of bizarre nursery rhymes.  This great series, which I anticipated with each new week, has taken a serious tumble in this jumble of nonsensical short stories. Many are rehashes of stories already told (must have run out of new ideas) and very few afford us more than a brief 45 minute glimpse, which ultimately provides the viewer with a shallow, under-developed story that is way too short to provide any depth to the characters or meaning to the story.  Previous years saw running story lines from one episode to the next that provided us with all the information we needed to become immersed in the story line and the characters, but this season seemed to be produced more for quantity and less for quality (courtesy of Mr. Welling who was the executive producer for the entire season).  Some of the ideas were just plain dumb,like the episode etitled "Granny Goodness", who appears as an evil and sinister old lady who is into S&M and keeps a bevy of scantilly clad "torture girls who are into martial arts".  I know this series is based on a comic book but this is lowering the bar too far.  Now for the biggest disappointment! If you, like I, have been watching this series faithfully and anticipating the moment when Clark actully learns to fly, then brace yourself for a quick few seconds of an "animated sequence of a small indistinguishable figure zipping through the far horizon.  If you are a completist you definitely should purchase the collection, but do so knowing that if you enjoyed the series as much as I did, this season may not meet the high expectations it used to deserve.  On a positive note I enjoyed seeing Lex again (the show was never the same after he departed) but even he couldn't measure up to his old evil ways in the few minutes afforded him in the final episode.  Great series, very weak final season!
 A grade  B  western that deserves a  D  grade. It showcased a Tab Hunter as a young cowboy with a cocky attitude, but Tab was 35 by the time this western was made and in some cases he looked it. However there was excellent character interplay between Hunter and George Montgomery and Yvonne DeCarlo. The crooked railroad commissioner was a blowbag and played to the hilt. For a gang of cut-throats riding in a prison wagon on their way to Huntsville Prison, at times, they seemed like a cheerful lot. John Russell's portrayal as the inept brother trying to save his doomed brother from a hanging was awful. Two stars
 The last special released in the Thomas franchise was <a href="http
 While I like the new computer generated animation, I'm disappointed that the story was much more intense than most Thomas adventures.  The scene where Diesel almost falls off a bridge had my 3-year-old son in tears.  That's not at all what I expect when I pop in a Thomas movie.  Parents be warned.
 There is a certain magic about the classic Thomas the Tank Engine shows that made it as widely popular as it was. This new rendition doesn't have any of it. This Thomas & Friends release, as well as a number of other recent releases, completely lost the concept that made the originals so great. All you are left with is another derivative and uninspired children's disk you hope will distract the youngsters long enough for you get some work done.  So what made the original Thomas great? It's simple really. The show brought the hobbyist model trains to life. Thomas the Tank Engine would showcase what are essentially great big model train sets with all the wondrous detail on landscapes and buildings all done in miniature. This sort of thing spurs the imagination and builds a love of the model train hobby for further generations. It's this simple charm that comes from building a show based on practical effects that you can put together at home that makes the show special.  All that is wiped from the table once you start creating the landscapes and characters on computer, which is exactly what this movie is. Thomas and friends are computer generated train engines with moving faces instead of the models with just the eyes moving. The sets, motion scenes, everything is computer generated. What makes this show any different from all of the other CGI animated shows out there? Now you lose what made Thomas great and are playing catch up to shows that have already proven their worth in the computer animated medium. The end results are boring and lackluster when compared.  I know I am putting a lot of hate on this show based on it not using traditional models like the original series, but as I said before that's the charm and wonder the original brought forth. Don't take my word for it. My son loves Thomas, but was utterly bored with this movie. I had to flip on NickJr to get his spirits up. If you don't think the absence of real models would make a difference for your kid then at least try it out as a rental before you commit.
 I have to agree with many of the reviewers that this Thomas movie was very disappointing.  The four new characters are extremely flat with no endearing qualities, and even Thomas was at times extremely rude and unlikable. The story telling was poor with too many cut scenes, unrealistic snenarios (an old, wooden, underwater tunnel between Sodor and Misty Island? That hasn't collapsed under the water? Really?) and annoying dialogue.  I've also seen a few reviewers remark favorably about the music, when it's actually just a rip-off of the theme from Disney's "Pirates of the Carribean. Listen closely to the opening credits. It's changed slightly, probably in hopes that no one would notice.  Is that even legal?  It's just another example of how unoriginal this entire movie was.  On the other hand... I have to admit that my 3 year old (soon to be 4) daughter loves anything Thomas, including this movie.  She laughs at the new engines while I'm cringing, and she enjoys the ending when all the engines are reunited.  And she sings and dances with the singalong "Misty Island Rescue.  This is the only reason I'm giving this movie 2 stars instead of just 1.  My advice to parents
 Unless you have a "Gamer computer you will be disappointed.  This game is a RAM sucker and a clocking hog.  Frankly, I don't know who would allow their kids to play on a top off the line box  The chapter play has no continuity. It plays like a an old bad movie full of flashbacks and dream sequences so that you never know which way is which.
 Tenchi Muyo! is one of those legendary anime productions that continues to live on in the minds of fans. Essentially a fairy tale and a coming-of-age story, the plot revolves around the seemingly simple Tenchi who inexplicably finds himself surrounded by a bevy of beautiful alien women. Naturally, zany adventure and epic danger quickly ensue. For many, this now common "harem style of anime was their first introduction to the art form during a time when it was still a rare commodity. And for most, the series' cast of lovable, fascinating, and unforgettable characters still remain indelibly etched onto their hearts.  The franchise is also a complicated one, with various alternate versions of the original series spanning nearly all forms of media, including television, manga, video games, and even novels. Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki - Box Set The Complete Series is the much anticipated seven episode continuation of the original OVA (original video animation, or direct-to-video) animated series, although fans expecting to find the show's earlier thirteen episodes will not find them here.  Misleading monikers aside, these newest installments to the Tenchi canon serve as perfect examples of how not to resurrect a series. After a thirteenth episode that ended on a rather inconclusive note, fans, after years of waiting, naturally imagined the new installments would contain the same heartfelt romantic intrigue, epic battles, and zany shenanigans associated with the earlier productions. Instead, they received seven boring, nearly humorless episodes that revolved around characters not even present in the earlier stories. Below are some of my more detailed complaints, but beware of spoilers
 The price and service were exemplary. However the series has no fluidity or any real direction. There are some naughty parts in the first disc of the series. But then they didn't know which way to take it. They just kept making them anyway
 Let me start off by saying that I am in love with the first and second Tenchi Muyo! OVA series. Although sometimes the story was confusing due to writing or translations, it is one of the coolest and funniest animes that I've seen. The character development and inventiveness of the series was great. The latest seven episodes included in The Viridian Collection are unfortunately a big exception.  I was very excited as the episodes were being released sequentially, and I bought the individual volumes as they became available. However, after each episode I was left with a big sense of disappointment. Here is a list of my biggest complaints
 Just pathetic!...Way over the top comedy that just becomes stupid, added with annoying over-the-top acting. Katrina Kaif again does the same wooden acting as she does in ever other film she appears in. No substance, silly story, predictable acting esp by Katrina Kaif - Avoid!...Only thing decent is the soundtrack.
 Has a low budget feel.  like ET but special effects are sub par for a Spielberg production.  No surprises.  Just ok.
 It's like an odd mashup of Jurassic Park, Stand By Me, District 9... And many other movies I've seen before. I'm really surprised because I typically like the people involved. At least I didn't pay to see this in the theaters! That's why I love cheap rentals on Amazon!
 There was plenty of buzz surrounding this movie, I was expecting alot after hitting the play button on my dvd player. What a huge dissapointment this one was. Super 8 left me with a been there done that feeling. It really is a hodge podge of other better movies. Another thing that bothered me was that super 8 Couldnt make up its mind of what audience it was geared towards, The kids in the movie swear like sailors and there are a few monster killings. On the other hand there is cheesy kid friendly sappiness sprinkled throughout,(espeacialy toward the end). Actually I would have rather seen a whole movie about kids in the 70s making a super 8 film with interesting character development and witty dialogue! scrap all the monster stuff.
 I had heard that the reviews for this movie were good and so I decided to give this one a try.  The cast were excellent at the start of this movie.  The action scenes were the best I have watched in a very long time.  It kept my interest until near the end of the movie and it simply fell flat very quickly - the ending made me angry and felt the J J Abrams has finally lost it - not his best at all.
 For the second time in one year I find myself scratching my head and wondering if I saw the same film others did; those that positively RAVED the film anyway. INSIDIOUS was the first over-hyped movie that left me speechless as to just how OVERRATED (and lame) a movie could be, and that was soon followed by SUPER 8. The original teaser trailer promised something dark and sci-fi spooky in the vein of X-FILES. However the trailer didn't blow me away, nor did it make me want to see the film. When I started hearing that this film actually was a lighter film and would recall the better days of Spielberg in which childhood and adventure blended perfectly, I began to get hopeful. But within thirty-minutes of SUPER 8, I felt nothing but disappointment, and that feeling only intensified as the movie lumbered along. An immediate turn-off was the language. I don't care if kids REALLY DO talk like sailors or not, the amount of profanity, which includes one or two instances of the 'F' bomb in this film, is ridiculous and unnecessary. Add to that, the sexual humor and at least one instance of drug-abuse from one character, and you DO NOT have a family film in the best tradition of Spielberg. You have a movie that offends and will probably anger some parents who fell to the hype. Look at the PG-13 rating folks! It's there for a reason!  I have read where others have compared this to films like GOONIES and STAND BY ME. Those films had likeable, believable kids. SUPER 8's kids are irritatingly loud, irresponsible and vulgar. So why am I supposed to LIKE them? The fact is, I don't. They are examples of the WORST kind of behavior from children. I have heard this film defended for its language, because that's how kids really talk. I get it, but that doesn't mean that a film MUST adhere to that kind of realism in order to keep their audience entertained. Other films have won children and adults over alike without resorting to profanity; certainly not to the degree that SUPER 8 contains.  Having kids curse in films is a bore. It's not needed.  As for the big sci-fi ALIEN elements within SUPER 8, all I can say is WOW, couldn't they have come up with something more original than that? All in all, a summer BUST for me. If you liked or loved it, fine. I didn't. If I really want my family to watch a film that blends childhood with sci-fi adventure and doesn't rely on anything offensive, I'll just put in IRON GIANT or HOOK, or a thousand other films that are better than SUPER 8.
 This movie started off good, it was really interesting and engaging for at least the first half or more! Then it started to show a very typical pattern of predictability and although the actors did a good job the story I lost interest with and I was not a fan of the ending.  Some may like it, I watched because it had good reviews but I was not impressed and can now say I've seen it but will probably never watch it again.
 The performance by the actors is great; there are moments that are quite touching.  But the story plot, ET type, is not clearly laid out, and sometimes quite inconsistent.  I would say if you want to watch the movie for effects--OK, for story--not really.
 Guess I was expecting a real sci fi movie but this seemed more like a kids growing up dealing with issues type movie ... with a great train wreck scene thrown in.  Bleh ...
 I found th e mini movie at th e end to b e th e more entertaining of th e two
 I have to say I had high hopes for Super 8.  Needless to say those hopes have been dashed. This was a flimsy excuse for a film which could have done with some more plot and character development and less of a cliche.  The ending was lame and was so contrived a placard could have spelled it out. The thing that I really hated was that up until the last few minutes the movie was actually quite well done.  The problem seems that no one could decide if the monster was good or bad and if should fear or hate it. It leaves us with so many unanswered questions and just wimps out.  All in all this is a very poor movie and is not worth your time.  I am glad I didn't waste my money when it was in the movies.
 I'm not sure why this movie received such amazing reviews.  The story was okay, but the pacing and acting made it difficult to watch.  My husband fell asleep about 30 minutes into it, and he wasn't even tired.  I'm not sure what the price is now, but I would recommend waiting until it hits $.99 or free before I would recommend renting it.  Then again, I often suggest that everyone watch the blockbusters, if for no other reason than to improve future Trivial Pursuit games.
 Often, a movie requires the audience to exercise a degree of willing suspension of disbelief. "Independence Day had some examples, but they were overcome by the sheer fun of the story and the fact that they weren't totally in your face about it.  But this . . .  First of all, the movie was shot so dark that there are multiple times that it's impossible to know what's going on.  Perhaps J.J. thinks it's cool to leave almost entire scenes to the imagination, but there is nothing new about telling a story with audio only. Just ask your grandparents about radio shows.  The acting is mostly believable, but the actions of the characters are not. When the acting becomes lost in unlikely actions, I cease to care.  For example
 Five of us, of various ages, watched this move together.  We all had five thumbs down.  After reading some of the glowing rewiews here on Amazon, I do wonder if they mean anything or are written by the production marketing detartment.  This movie was quite lame; poorly written and the acting was uneven.  We gave up counting the gaps in the plot, such as it was.  Here we have a massive train wreck; yet the colonel walks right up and picks up the film wrapper. I could go on, but why . . .
 This is not a good movie, it's meant for kids but surprisingly given the pg13 cert. because of profanity and coarse language spoken by the child actors. It's shocking to hear that fat movie director character in this film bossing the other ones who are smaller and thinner than him around and that's why I would not recommend it to parents for a Sunday afternoon viewing with their kids. Very similar to cloverfield except the main characters are all tweenagers. Maybe it was intended as a prequel to cloverfield. No ones noticed it but me.. Yeah I think I'm the only one who does. mr Abrams must stop all this friends stumbling upon aliens type of idea.. It just doesn't work anymore. Don't buy the movie, rent it instead. Bluray pict quality 5/5, audio quality 4/5
 they took ideas from 80's classics and tried to bring it to life but it had as much life as the zombie movie they were trying to make matter of fact the zombie movie was better Hollywood garbage wastee of money one word for this picture LAME
 it was a decent movie, part goonies, part ET but those movies are classics and this one is not.  i watched the whole thing but i am sure glad i didn't waste any money on it.
 The "Goonies", "Stand By Me's", and "ET's of my day were way better. Super 8 tries to be a coming of age story, but falls way short. Like so many movies today, instead of developing the characters and focusing on a good storyline the film relies heavily on special effects. In doing so the film loses its heart. We have plenty of Transformer type movies, it would have been nice to see this movie differentiate itself. Also, what happened to the professor in the end....?
 A dud! The "monsters"...the whole movie... was too vague. Not worth buying, but okay for a rental if you're really bored.
 I thought this was gonna be about the alien more then anything else. The alien actually took a back seat for most of the movie, while the rest of the movie goes into character development mode a little to indepth of that as far as I'm concerned. When a little alien action finally comes to play it seems a case of a to little to late to save the movie. It also didn't help that the story revolves mostly aroung young teens. I wanted a frigging alien movie not Monster Squad (which I would say is better then this). Renter at best, had I known what it was going to be like I'd never even bother renting it. (oh that's right I went ahead and saw it at the movies).
 I went into this movie thinking it was going to be similar to an E.T/Stand by Me type of 80s nostalgia film from the comments I've seen from others. After watching this movie I can say for sure that it is nowhere near the quality of those films. This movie is just so lackluster with the cliche, underdeveloped characters and the underwhelming big secret that is revealed that left me saying.. is this it? I'm glad i only paid $7.99 for this on blu ray because I'll never watch it again. I think I'll throw it off a bridge and film that, I'll probably get more entertainment out of it.
 Spielberg and J.J. Abrams got together to do homage to the former's earlier adventure time and alien movies and filming old school style and then used a bunch of CGI effects to do it. Did they want to say, see CGI can be used to create the same experience? J.J. Abrams Loves flare. (Flare are the flashes of light across the screen that occur from reflection on the lens. It is gay especially when excessively present, which it is). This movie is loaded out the hole with metaphors for coming of age psychological-social drama. In small town USA. The train carrying the monster alien crashes into the kids as love/lust blossoms. The girl and boy and their two daddies' conflict and the mother's death.. Girl tells boy not to give up his train for the domineering fat boy. The oppressed alien is released from it's subterranean dwelling, builds it's rocket ship on the town's tallest structure and launches off -after the boy tells the alien it can live and be free. The town is destroyed in the process and the ultimate symbol of society's repressive, overwhelming force (the military) is overcome. And if you aren't paying attention you still get the scene when the boy symbolically lets go of the chain his mother gave him and it becomes part of the alien's ship. Maybe it worked better on paper.
 This is the kind of movie I would only watch one time...and that's why I gave it 2 stars.  The train crash was spectacular...but I think at least one kid should have died in the accident.  The kids were entertaining...for the most part.  This is an E.T. kind of movie.  Good alien.  Bad military.  In the end, the alien gets away.  This kind of movie has been done a few times before.  Nothing new here.  Just different actors and a different looking alien.  The only redeeming value was when the 2 parents stopped fighting and started helping each other near the end of the movie.
 "Super 8 is essentially "ET on steroids, but while it's produced by Steven Spielberg it lacks the emotional force of a Spielberg movie.  The characters aren't really likeable or credible, making their many attempts at creating emotion uncomfortable to watch.  Despite Abrams' reputation for spinning a good yarn, there isn't much of a story here.  All in all, this is a very bad ET re-make, and everyone would be better off re-watching the original.
 I was unable to fully enjoy this film due to the insanely loud sound fx mix and low dialogue mix. I had to ride the remote volume the whole time.
 Lame movie. Kids will probably like it though. Waste of money. Good thing it was a Red Box so i don't feel as ripped.
 Most of the action was in the dark, which is usually meant to mask really bad special effects. I found myself bored fifteen minutes into the film, advancing it, with hopes of improvement, better acting, effects, something, but it never came. If you have really nothing better to do, don't watch this movie still, just sit and stare at the wall, it's brighter and more entertaining.
 Why go w/ a bad guy mil. , this is not the 90's. Film could of at least tried for something original.
 This movie was not advertised as such, but was really a teen movie.  I felt like I was watching a Disney horror flick.  It had some scary parts, but it was clearly geared towards teens, so was a disappointment overall.
 J.J. Abrams, "Super 8 unabashedly draws on Spielberg films such as "E.T", "Close Encounters of the the Third Kind and even a little of his version of the "War of the Worlds.  The story is pretty contrived and the ending very predictable.  It's obvious how it's going to turn out after about 45 minutes, especially with a bunch of kids leading the cast.  Given that the film is presumed to be set in the late 70s, I'm pretty sure the use of "totally as an affirmative had not yet entered teen-speak by that time, at least in Ohio.  L.A., maybe --  Ohio, never.
 This movie was a complete waste of my time and money.  I went to watch it in the theaters and when it ends you are like, "really, that's all it was".  Complete waste of time.  Don't watch.
 You will know what is going on long before this movie "reveals it. I got bored and distracted 1/3 of the way through. I am very sorry I bought it. Rent this one if you have to, but don't expect too much. The acting is good, as are the effects, but it never, ever, astonished me. It was more like waiting around for it to finally end.
 I usually don't rate movie at Amazon. But this movie is just not good enough that I need to voice my opinion. I was expecting more from Steven Spielberg. The plot is too vague. How did the Air Force got the Alien? There is only one shot that you can see more clearly the face of the alien - but it was dark. The communication and inter action between the Alien and human are just not enough in this movie. The movie end quickly without explaining too much. Movie is about 1 hour and 45 minutes long. There are better movies out there - just not this one. I'm disappointed. I wathced the Blu-ray version and the picture sharpness and color are excellent in our 46 LCD TV.
 When I first saw the trailers for this I was instantly drawn in. The moment I found out that SPEILBERG had done this movie, I knew it was a MUST SEE. After waiting almost a year to see this train wreck of a movie, I was VERY dissappointed. The movie dragged throughout and there was no , EDGE OF YOUR SEAT type moments, we all just sat there waiting for ANYTHING.  The timeframe of the movie was perfect and the cinematography was excellent, but the story line was weak and lacking. This movie came to theaters the day I got married and I am so glad we did not go see this. I want the $5 back I paid to see this. This movie could have been a BLOCKBUSTER, but it is honestly just horrible. Speilberg is losing his touch and he should never work with JJ Abrams ever again!
 "Super 8 is to late 70s/early 80s Steven Spielberg fare what the Black Crowes are to Altamont-era Rolling Stones, or what the first Lenny Kravitz album is to "Magical Mystery Tour"-era Beatles.  Which is to say, hugely influenced by it.  But when a movie owes as much as "Super 8 does to other artistic creations ... can it really be considered its own thing?  Critics were saying that after "Mission
 JJ Abrams has made hit movies. Has he ever made a good movie? With Super 8, he wrote, directed and produced two movies, and sacrificed the good to make sure he had a hit.  Super 8 begins just fine, the story of a group of young teens making a movie about zombies. Charles (Riley Griffiths) is determined to enter his movie in a film contest. He's the director and writer. Joe (Joel Courtney) is his best friend and make-up specialist.  When Charles recruits Alice (Elle Fanning) for a role (she can drive and they need a car), Joe starts to learn what puberty can do to a fella.  We're off on a small town adventure of stealth movie making, improvisation, determination, spontaneity and, as far as I know, effective zombie acting. One night when the kids have sneaked away from their homes to film a night scene at the railway station, Charles sees a train coming. "Production values! he happily exclaims and sets up the scene so the train roaring by will be in his movie. Bad luck. A truck drives onto the tracks and smashes head on into the train. There's a massive derailment only Hollywood CGI can create. It goes on and on.  Now the young moviemakers are center stage in a new movie, this one about an alien creature captured by the Air Force and in the charge of a particularly ruthless colonel and his men. This movie is made to insure a hit with that real-life demographic, the 16 through 28 crowd. Yes, in the crash the alien, which looks something like a quick-stepping giant tarantula crossbred with the real mama from hell in Alien, escapes. Thanks to a couple of film cartons the kids dropped as they ran from the crash, the colonel figures out someone might have seen too much and filmed it. Soon dogs run away from town, engines from cars are stolen, electronic gear disappears and people vanish, all in clouds of wowzer and predictable special effects.  In the course of Super 8 we'll follow young Joe through adventures that now are by the numbers...evacuations, tanks, house explosions, great caverns, missing townspeople including Alice hanging upside down waiting to become alien snacks, Joe's face-to-face heroism with the big bug, and one of the most non-thrilling examples of spaceship building in any movie. Although the alien looks like something really big that escaped from an insect zoo, it turns out that, despite its chomping down on people with slobber and lots of teeth, it's really just a guy (or woman) who is scared and lonely, who has been treated badly by the Air Force, and just wants to build a spaceship so it can go home.  JJ Abrams creates a warm, nostalgic story about kids back in the Seventies who are energetically making a movie while keeping it secret from adults. The kid actors do a fine, believable job and we like them. Their small town is a great place to live in. Charles' family is a wonderful mix of love and chaos. We're hooked with these kids and with Charles' movie. And all this just becomes loose ends. (We do get to see Charles' movie during the credits...like an afterthought.  In his determination to win a big audience, Abrams sacrifices all that in favor of by-the-numbers demographic pandering and CGI. Abrams worked for Steven Spielberg for a while and Spielberg is a producer of Super 8. Spielberg's influence is all over the movie. If you liked The Goonies, which I do, you'll like a third of Super 8, a movie with no center, just calculation.
 I would give this movie one star, but thought the makers deserved at least two for what appeared to be an excruciating effort to make something out of nothing.  I stuck it out, but ran the last part captioned at higher speed.  Super 8 gives new meaning to the term "derivative.  It's also NOT a kid's movie, full of hyperactive and desensitizing violence, gore, and pandering.  Fanning was refreshing, but the other characters frankly sucked.  I just finished the whole X-Files series from my local library.  This seemed like a very bad X-Files, dumbed down for kids.  Not to mention ET, Close Encounters, and almost every other Spielbergian flick ever made.  Steve . . . give it a rest.
 Too scary for young kids, and too boring for older kids, Super 8 is selling only one thing, really...nostalgia.  However, the movie tries so hard to invoke the look and feel of those films from the late 70's, early 80's that those who grew up back then remember so fondly, it forgets to be a good movie in its own right.  The sentiment is all cheap, the plot is all recycled, the action is all generic, and as good as the child actors are, they're still child actors.  I heard so many people say they liked this movie without offering up even the vaguest of specifics as to why, and now that I've seen it, I think I know
 The movie had all the childhood charm of most typical Stephen king movies but the actual plot was a little far fetched and lacked a good story. Not one of his best performances by far but worth watching at least once in life. Any more than that I wouldn't reccomend.
 In a world where there is really very little that is new or refreshing, this turkey fits right in.  If you love obviously miniaturized train crashes where a guy driving an old beat-up pickup truck can survive a head-on crash with a fast-moving freight train, and totally derail it in the process.  If you can accept that premise, silly, overused plot-concept, poor character development and CGI from 15 or 20 years ago, this is your movie.  Big mistake for me!  Since I seem to have not learned anything from this drivel, I just rented Cowboys and Aliens.  I wonder how that review will go?  But then, I continue to watch Sons of Anarchy.  Sometimes I wonder if I stuck my head in a Mix-master as a child?
 Pinch me if you haven't seen most of these scripts before
 The preview in the theatre had me at the edge of my seat.  I couldn't wait for Super 8 to become available.  Finally!  I rented with the expectation I'd be purchasing it immediately after.  I was considering writing to Amazon about allowing the rental to be applied credit to a purchase if the customer decides the video is worth adding to his/her video library.  Good idea, right?   I was disappointed that I never got a good look at the alien, although I've got to say that train wreck was super-spectacular! I couldn't believe none of those kids were 'gonners' and that the camera survived! I remembered clips of it in the previews and knew that this was the moment whatever it was in the car was escaping.  It was suspenseful with the first human snatching and humans screaming in terror.  After all that we ran out of salt.   As I was watching the kids making decisions and going through their kid drama, i kept thinking it reminded me of something; this plot is familiar. Before the film was over, I realized it's Goonies revisited.  An alien is taking people and they're arguing about girls.  The girl gets taken so a plan is concocted to save her. We find snatched humans strung upside down in the alien cave, find out they are sustenance for the alien, get to hear him chomp on one, learn he just wants to go home, one of the kids gets caught by the alien but has a mind connection so the alien doesn't eat him.  Anyway, it works out that the alien 's ship pulls itself together and he leaves.  Oh, don't let me forget it's a sadistic military that's holding the alien hostage in the first place.    Well, that's the nutshell version.  A bit of a letdown for me but I think my rental applied to purchase idea's a good one.
 Because I'm the same age as the director, I can say that this film was marketed directly for me and folks in my generation.  I appreciated the nostalgia, but
 I went to see this movie the first week it was out with high hopes. Being a huge fan of lost i was excited to see this since JJ Abrams produced it. The beginning of the movie is decent, but as soon as the stupid aliens show up it was ruined. The actors were below average. Why make a big name, big budget movie have little 10 years as the lead actors? I would have liked to see the dad have a bigger role(the guy in friday night lights). He was the biggest star of the movie and he was only in a few scenes. I went with my uncle to see this and hes a huge movie buff and he fell asleep it was so boring! This movie was like Battle
 Super 8 is a sub-par Spielberg knock-off. A forced-homage to the glory days of blockbuster film-making. I'm a fan of JJ Abrams first two films (Mission Impossible 3 and Star Trek)but this movie kind of left me cold. The story is boring and lacking any sort of emotional resonance. The design of the creature is uninspired, with unconvincing CGI, and not even remotely sympathetic. While all the kids are well-acted, their character's aren't really interesting, and many of them were downright annoying. The ending is silly, sentimental cheese at its worst. If you want to see the real thing, watch ET or Close Encounters instead.
 **1/2  J.J. Abrams' "Super 8 hearkens back to the days of early Steven Spielberg (who co-produced the film) - a time when summer blockbusters could appeal as much to the heart as to the eye, when a group of intrepid suburban kids could unravel mysteries and take on evil forces, when the military-industrial complex was clearly up to no good, and when tear-stained characters could look in wide-eyed, tight-shot amazement at wonders unraveling above them in the heavens.  Set, appropriately, in 1979 - in a time before digital cameras and CGI technology, when children had to express their creativity and imagination with what was then the technological equivalent of chewing gum and baling wire - "Super 8 centers on a group of nerdish preteens who are attempting to make their own amateur zombie-splatter film for an upcoming contest. While filming one night, the kids are witness to a horrifying freight train crash, the repercussions of which go far beyond just the mass of mangled, twisted metal strewn across the area. For it seems the Air Force has taken a more than casual interest in the event, and soon strange and inexplicable occurrences begin happening in town.  The focal point of the story is Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), a young boy whose mother has just been killed in a tragic factory accident, and whose grieving father (Kyle Chandler from TV's incomparable "Friday Night Lights") serves as the town's deputy. Joe also has a crush on the pretty and alluring Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning), who has been brought into the boys' film project at the last moment.  The similarities between "Super 8 and any number of Spielberg - or at least Spielbergian - films (most notably, of course, "E.T.") are both so numerous and so obvious that they really don't bear repeating here. Yet, while I admire much of what Abrams is trying to do in this movie, so much of it falls flat that I really can't recommend it in the final analysis. What's actually missing is that special Spielberg touch, that almost Quixotic visionary conviction that could turn even a simple work like "E.T. into a timeless classic. One never questions Spielberg's belief in his material, but I'm not sure one can quite make the same claim about Abrams, at least not in this particular instance. Abrams' story lacks the streamlined clarity of an "E.T. and, by extension, the emotional resonance that comes along with it. "Super 8 seems to be going off in so many different directions at once that it winds up going nowhere. And, frankly, the sci-fi aspects of the story feel awfully stale at this late stage in the game.  In addition to "E.T., there are bits and pieces of "The Goonies, "Stand By Me, "Gremlins, and "War of the Worlds in the film as well. And that, in the final analysis, is what's most wrong with "Super 8. It's made up of so many borrowed parts that, in the end, it's left with nothing it can truly call its own.
 This film starts off as  a kids film that  makes it  suitable for the pre-teens only. The  mood changes and we then have  a drunk and two  junkies smoking  illegal substances. For Spielberg,why  did you  have to  have junkies in the film as it detracts from  the film's intended audience? Definately not for  pre-teens due to the substance abuse in the film (several times). The storyline  is basically a rehash of the classic E.T. but without  the emotional impact that E.T.had. You know the ending as it is very predictable all the way. In the finale you just  yawn and  say 'who cares' to yourself.Very disappointing.
 This Movie in my View is a B flick.  They might have put a lot of money into CGI to make it work but the plot really didn't work all that well.  If you see a ton of movies this might be a good one to see once but be smart and rent it and not buy the movie.  Thanks Robert
 It is a kids movie with marijuana. What is the target audience for this film? Not for adults and Kids can not watch it!  Take Goonies (kids experimenting?), Close Encounters (the grand evacuation), ET (in the end, the alien was a misunderstood cutie), Transformers (the self assembling cubes), Cloverfield (the monster is a reduced copy, and at least Cloverfield was a very original movie, despite being a financial disaster), a totally unnecessary joint (for the funny guy) and a giant industrial blender (to put all the aforementioned together in a soapbox format) and you have this movie. Nothing original and truly disappointing.
 "Super 8 has lots of great parts to it
 One question - tell me what the alien looks like.  Seriously - what does it look like?  Draw a picture.  I can tell you what ET looks like.  I can tell you what Predator looks like.  I can tell you what the Alien from Aliens looks like.  Sooo... what the heck does this thing look like?  You can't.  We never get a good enough look at it to figure it out.  For that reason alone this movie sucks.  Period.  End of story.  However, it sucks for many other reasons as well.  What the heck is this movie anyway - some sort of mutant offspring of ET, Close Encounters, Cloverfield, and the Goonies?  Oh - except in the Goonies we actually had a group of kids that were likeable.  Not so here.  We get the chunky kid who is directing a Super 8 film - but he is rude, annoying, and entirely unlikeable.  We also have a thin crazy kid who likes fireworks.  He just comes off as a nut who is off his meds.  We also have a couple other young boys, none of which contribute anything to the film other than taking up space.  That leaves us with the young male protagonist (I forgot his name) and the young female protagonist (I forgot her name) and their puppy love story - except that we don't get anything from that either.  At least in Goonies there was a kiss.  This film follows the adventures of this worthless band of kids while an alien is loose somewhere in their town.  The dumb thing is that the kids really have no impact or relevance to anything that is happening.  What do they accomplish?  Do they help the alien?  No.  Do they hinder the alien?  No.  Do they do anything at all that impacts what the alien is doing?  No.  They have no purpose whatsoever.  What is the alien up to?  Well, that is hard to say exactly.  The alien digs himself (?) a cavern under the town's water tower and uses a bunch of local machinery to turn the tower into some sort of giant electro-magnet or something.  Apparently, the point of this exercise was to attract thousands of tiny "alien looking cubes (about the size of Rubik's cubes).  You see - the alien ship was made out of a fancy alien alloy that converts into these little cubes.  One minute the ship has form, the next minute it becomes thousands of little cubes.  The how and why isn't important... just go with it.  Ok - so I can live with that.  However, how the cubes are handled must be one of the dumbest moves in the history of alien containment programs.  When the government decides to move the alien cross country in a train, they put all the cubes into crates on the same train.  Why?  Then, at the end of the film when the alien is using the magnetic water tower to collect metal and such, where are the cubes?  Parked in a series of trucks across the street!  Wow... it's like the most convenient plot twist in the history of film.  What is the range of the magnetic water tower?  Guess that doesn't matter because the government parked the cubes right across the street!  Lucky break for the alien because then the cubes all fly up into the air and re-create the alien ship - which then takes off like something from The Last Starfighter.  To add to my list of gripes - what was the alien trying to accomplish anyway?  If the little cubes had not been parked right across the street from the water tower, what would have been the point?  Let's say that the government had actually done something intelligent and had these cubes in a secret base somewhere for research.  What then?  What was the tower going to accomplish then?  In fact, I'd argue that the only way the plot makes any sense at all is if the alien knew the cubes would be within the range of the tower in the first place.  Otherwise, what is the alien doing except wasting time?  So the end result of this fiasco is that we have a bunch of kids that we don't care about chasing around an alien that we don't care about.  This is mixed in with some parents that we don't care about and some military leaders that we don't care about.  Super 8 only gets up to 2 stars because I didn't turn it off.  1 star is reserved for movies that are total garbage and unwatchable.
 This film kind of lost me at the train wreck...I've seen a train hit a truck, in fact a box truck not a pickup.  The train just swatted the truck aside (destroying it in the process) and continued on, with out derailing a single car. This crash was as though the train had hit an immovable wall, propelling huge freight cars through the air as though they were weightless, at least until they hit the ground. Speilberg does love his CGI....but it doesn't make a movie.
 *** This review may contain spoilers ***  It sure doesn't hurt to have your film produced by Steven Spielberg and apparently J.J. Abrams, creator of the highly commercially successful 'Super 8', understood that the way to Mr. Spielberg's heart (as well as his purse strings) was to create an homage to the 'master', a Spielberg clone if you will, that both legendary director and scores of uncritical teenagers could appreciate.  'Super 8' certainly begins with a clever concept. A group of teenagers are shooting their own amateur detective zombie movie which they hope to enter in a statewide competition. You can see how this would appeal to Mr. Spielberg--he got his start making amateur movies as a teenager. At the end of 'Super 8' during the closing credits, we actually get to see the amateur film ('The Case'), the intrepid teenagers end up creating. It's one of the most clever and enjoyable moments in 'Super 8', and it's too bad the rest of the film is unable to reflect the true joy and unheralded abandon of young teenagers trying to find their way in the adult world.  The protagonist here is Joe Lamb (very nicely played by newcomer Joel Courtney) who is your basic Spielberg stand-in. Note that the young Lamb is the make up and special effects guy who best friend Charles depends on to spruce up the amateur Super 8 film they're shooting at a nearby train station. The tension really builds when a real train derails and crashes in spectacular fashion and the kids barely escape with their lives.  After that, there just seem to be too many contrivances to ignore as Abrams introduces us to another tired alien 'E.T.' narrative, about a misunderstood Anthropod, pursued by a sadistic US military who won't let him return home. It's a little difficult to believe that Dr. Woodward, the kids' biology teacher, is able to survive the horrible train derailment; in addition, one can only wince that the film's primary victim is another saintly black man who must sacrifice his life for the good of all humanity (please see 'Terminator II' and '2012' for further examples).  Much more egregious is the idea that there is a psychopathic Air Force Colonel (Nelec) who has an entire group of soldiers who follow orders (like any good Nazi), ensuring that a kindly alien is tortured needlessly for years and his main protector, is murdered after surviving a horrendous train wreck. After the kids discover Woodward's treasure trove of journals and film, we realize that it's not only the military (represented by Nelec) who is indicted here, but the scientific community who went along with the cover-up. Thus it seems rather obvious that Abrams is content to take cheap shots at both the military and scientific community since in these days of heady conspiracy theories, it just seems like the easy thing to do.  While I had to suspend my disbelief that the military was unable to uncover Woodward's treasure trove before Joe and his gang get to it, I was more bothered by the fact that neither the local or national media picked up on this story considering that there were a lot of unusual goings-on in this little Ohio town. First off there probably would have been a lot more questions from the media regarding the massive train wreck which probably would have drawn even more reporters to the sleepy town. Then after the power went on and off, and the sheriff disappeared, there was a town meeting (which certainly would have been covered by at least some local media), leading to some additional uncomfortable questions, which in real life, probably would have led to further scrutiny (perhaps leading to coverage by the national news.) In other words, this is something that could not have been covered up so easily as Abrams would like us to believe.  Abrams has more difficulty turning his alien into something lovable and cuddly. After all, he's locked himself into a corner when Nelec is depicted as having tortured the hapless creature relentlessly for years. Abrams is content to have the creature communicate telepathically--once anyone bothers to do a 'mind meld', the alien 'understands' that humans mean no harm, and it conveniently backs off acting aggressively. This is shown in the past with Dr. Woodward but also in the present with Joe, who tells the creature 'it's okay' to go home! The problem remains is that the creature has kidnapped a whole bunch of townspeople including Joe's love interest, Alice, who remains suspended upside down, in the creature's subterranean lair. One wonders how long the all those people have been hanging upside down. What happens if they have to go to the bathroom? And why does the creature grab the sheriff a second time? Has he killed him or simply hung him up on the 'rack' for another bout of suspended animation? It's obvious that Abrams doesn't want to kill the townspeople off since that will put his cuddly alien in a bad light!  For those who haven't noticed, 'Super 8' does have a 'B' story. No it's not the prepubescent romance between Alice and Joe but rather the conflict between their warring fathers, Jackson and Louis. It seems that alcoholic Louis missed a day at work and as a result, Joe's Mom was killed in an industrial accident. Unfortunately, Abrams misses an opportunity to develop Louis's character and he comes across as too petulant for most of the film. Jackson is good trying to wear many hats in attempting to help harried townspeople during the 'creature crisis' but later, the big 'rescue' of the kids flops, after Joe and his chums escape from the besieged bus, by themselves.  For those who enjoy Spielberg, 'Super 8' may be the ticket to relive the memories of some of Spielberg's sci-fi classics. But for those who want something that's not so derivative, you'll probably come away being a bit disappointed.
 The bad new
 I knew I had to see this film when I saw the trailer. A trailer usually promises what can be deemed as a faithful description of the film. Watching Super 8 was like watching a 2 hour trailer of a film which never really begins, I kept waiting to be awed but the film lacks an intriguing storyline. I haven't read the book and don't intend to but I paid good money to watch this and came out feeling rather ripped off. I cannot fathom Spielberg made such a lousy film especially since he has BACK TO THE FUTURE to his credit. When I think science fiction, I think of films such as - District 9, War of the worlds, Jusassic Park and such. Definitely not Super 8. It's the kind of film you will never ever remember for anything, not even for the fat kid who thinks he should be a director. No irony and the direction seemed very auto-pilot'ish.
 after viewing super 8 I thought the action footage was great. after reading the reviews I can see why the country is in such a mess. you get all these good reviews and not once in the good reviews do I see anyone comment on the rude and nasty behavior of these 12 year old kids. Im 65 and even today i would not treat anyone like these kids did in the movie. the script writers think that this is funny to treat other friends this way is a joke. i would not recommend this movie for anyone under 18 years of age. come on America clean up your act
 With heightened anticipation (Steven Spielberg is THE cinematic deity and Abrams...well Lost was quite original) based on a phenominal trailer I took my family to see Super 8. The movie seems to have been heavily influenced by ET and while it's not completely fair to make the connection, the movie would have been better served had it taken some lessons from the classic. I enjoyed the developing relationship between Joe and Alice who find a connection based on their difficult family circumstances and it was a pleasure watching these two young actors, as well as the other supporting character child roles. Unfortunately the movie fails miserably on three counts. One, the "bad guy", a military commander, is the same standard two-dimensional, typical cardboard cut out baddie that we've seen a gazillion times before. Two, the movie attempts to have the audience feel empathetic to a creature-character in the film, but fails to invest in any meaningful attachments that had to happen between it and the children. In fact, scenes were chosen that actually work against the emotional buildup that's required to appreciate the ending, instead you could really care less. I've seen ET nearly three dozen times in the last 25 years and it never fails to bring moisture to my eyes in the final moments of the film while your heart is breaking because of the character bond's established in the film - there is none of that here. Third, special effects and action scenes are fun to watch, (the train wreck scene is pretty cool, I'm not going to lie) but it would have been better to put more emphasis on story and character than on sequences that seemed pointless or were drawn out too long. Overall, I was marginally entertained, but felt let down given the pedigree of the talent behind the film - as if God was resting on the Sabbath day.
 This movie had great potential but really fell short. If I had gone to the movie theater to see this movie I would have been terribly disappointed.
 This is the same old four public domain titles that pop up everwhere.  They also appear on the SONY Three Stooges DVDs, restored form 35mm.  If you want cheap, you'll get what you pay for here. If you want quality buy the SONY DVDs.
 The 3 movies were such bad quality, they were difficult to watch. Bright Eyes was so bad the entire film "jiggled". They had the look of pirated films.
 I randomly stumbled upon this film while browsing around on Netflix. With a title such as this, it immediately peaked my interest. Being a horror film buff, I hadn't even heard of this film, so I knew what I had here was probably just a fairly bad B-movie from the 70s. And that's pretty much what this film is. Not to say its down right horrible or unwatchable, but it gets closer to this status as the film progresses. And towards the end it becomes just plain bad. But I will get into that later. The basic plot of the film (told in a flashback sequence) involves a few buddies that get trapped a cave while exploring it. While being trapped for weeks, worse comes to worse. And after drawing straws, the friends cut off the unlucky winner's arm for food. Unfortunately, help comes almost immediately after, leaving the guys to make up a story about how the severed arm happened, and leaving the victim, Ted, delirious from the entire experience. It's now 5 years later, and after one of those friends receive a severed arm in the mail, they all know that their one-armed friend Ted is back for revenge. Of course, it ends up not being that simple, because as usual with movies like these, there's a twist at the end. In all honesty, I really like this plot. It's one of the better ideas for a horror film out there I think. Unfortunately, this movie had pretty much everything else working against it.  This film has tons of problems. First off, its pretty easy to see this was low budget. The special effects weren't good, though there wasn't much of them, mainly only a fake looking severed arm. There's barely any blood in this film and hardly a body count. The sets were cheap looking, especially the cave and hospital scene sets. The make-up effects? Oh boy! Look no further that those scenes inside the cave. First off, those guys were supposed to be trapped in that cave for weeks, right? Yet they look pretty healthy, and haven't lost any weight. But during that time they did however grow the bushiest, most fake looking beards I have ever seen! Its laughable. You just have to see it. The music is typical 70s synthesizer (and xylophone?)  babble. I've learned to accept that with most of these films from the 70s and 80s. but its seemed to get worse (and louder) as the movie went on. And continuity? Wow. This film might have the worst continuity scene I've ever seen a movie, period. It happens towards the end of a film on a beach. It literally goes from pitch black night to bright day, then back to night! It's so bad it's hilarious. The acting , though it isn't purely terrible, isn't great. The main character Jeff is pretty dull, and the character of "Mad Mad Herman as he calls himself, its quite laughable. It does however have one of my favorite B-movie actors Paul Carr (those MST3k fans out there might remember him in the "It Lives By Night episode).  With all these elements working against it, this film really has no chance to be good. The original concept is there though. It even has "the call is coming from inside the house gag that predates When a Stranger Calls by 6 years. Overall, this film is a great candidate for a remake. I don't see why Hollywood doesn't dig out films like these and realize their potential. Instead they go for the most popular franchises with such die hard fan bases, there's almost a guarantee of a backlash from fans. For having an original idea alone, I give this 2 stars. Its just a shame that everything else falls flat. Hollywood should take a look at this film.
 i have had many bootlegs of this over the past 25 or more years and most of them are better quality than this, i dont know if this is official or not but its not worth your money, i gave it 2 stars for the audio alone video is crap!
 this is totally bogus. ozzy's vocals are overdubed. they are not even close to being what he sounds like live. the music sounds great, but then ozzy comes in with studio created vocals. i wish they would give us the real raw product.  i saw this tour, his voice was rough but it was live. in concert he can't get all the notes, but who cares, it's still great when he can't reach all the high stuff. it is done so badly sometimes he is singing one thing and you hear words that don't match with his lips.  very disapointing. ozzy don't be ashamed of your voice we love it anyway.  don't buy this for ozzy's live voice, it's a studio creation. i blame sharon
 Hey look, the songs are great but when I had the DVD, the sound or at least the 5.1 sucked. Only for serious collectors.
 I've said it before, and I'll say it again
 This DVD produced by (shudder) Madacy offers a very good Laurel and Hardy film ( Flying Deuces ) with a very, very poor one ( Utopia , AKA  Atoll K ). Bad picture quality (with compression) is evident on both films, along with wafer thin sound. The extras are typical of Madacy. There's a trivia game, filmography, and some biographies. All in all, you should stay away from this to find a better transfer of 'Flying Deuces.'
 I recently found this two-pack in a bargain bin for five bucks, Being a Lucy fan I snatched it up and brought it home. Well all I can say is that I'm glad I only paid five bucks for it. On the up side the shows are highly entertaining and they highlight an era in television that rarely receives it's due, But on the down side the tranfer looks like it's been pooped on and at times all you see is a white screen with an outline of Lucy. But the shows almost make this DVD a good value, bottom line! BUY IT FOR FIVE BUCKS. Any higher it's a bad value.
 I'm not going to rip Hilary Duff apart like a previous reviewer because I actually think she was about the best part of this film, hence the one star. It's fun and girly but I couldn't enjoy it because of the constant stereotypes (i.e. blonde girl enters the business world and doesn't know anything apart from how to utilize colour, as well as the consistent way the female characters judge men by their 'hot abs' or 'tight asses'). It just seems a bit sexist in terms of both the male and female characters and, while I know most chick flicks are like this to some extent, it has never been to the extent that I've felt the need to switch off. The English guy's accent is laughable. Why don't they just use English people to portray English people rather than people whose accent flips between Australian and American? The other characters besides Lane are pretty rubbish and wooden, including her best friend and more or less all the people she works with. The story, I guess, is light-hearted and cutesy, but if you have an ounce of intellect and don't assume that all women are bimbos whose specialist subject is coats and men's worth is assessed by the tightness of their buns, I suggest looking elsewhere. I was also a little concerned about the sexual references (i.e. painting each others bodies with chocolate and then 'burning it off' after one date, talk of climaxing etc.). Surely that's a bit much for a younger audience?
 The film emphasizes Nash's wild childishness and insanity, which apparently were true, but conveys no sense of either the depth or breadth of Nash's mathematical creativity and contributions.  Nasar's book of the same title is far better and is far more informative, although it receives some reasonable criticism in Mirowski's 'Machine Dreams' (where the question 'What does it feel like to play a Nash equilibrium?' is posed). For an even better history of game theory, RAND, military funding of science, and simultaneously a biography of von Neumann, read Poundstone's 'Prisoner's Dilemma' (which Nasar quotes abundantly in her book 'A Beautiful Mind'). One interesting point conveyed by the film
 Amazing record by Ron Howard - has managed to ruin every movie he's directed so far. Way to go! Can take a great, cool story, and load it with triteness and cliche-ridden cinematics, pacing, and story. I was quite excited to see this movie when I bought it - I knew it was about a famous mathematician, that it had won awards (or been nominated, anyway), and I like movies and plays about math and science. And lest you think I didn't like this because it was ron howard, I didn't know it was Ron Howard when I watched it.  After watching this and feeling that I had been taken for a ride, with every emotional response I'm supposed to have being telecasted to me through script and music (like a Spielberg movie but without the artistry), and being taken so far from reality, I and my friend who watched it together felt abused and misled. "Who directed this thing? I asked. "Ah - Ron Howard. That explains why this movie, which has a great and compelling human story underlying it and could have really been a greaet movie that people would watch over time, sucks. Though I give it two stars, let me give 5 stars to the cast - incredible acting, especially from Russel Crowe. Ed Harris great as always. Rest of the cast, brilliant. This movie has some tremendous acting. It's just too bad that Mr. Howard felt the need to manipulate us, tell us what to feel and think, and tug at the emotional heartstrings intentionally, instead of letting the story itself do that for us.  The story of a person's life, told truthfully and accurately, without manipulation, is *far* more compelling than any fictional story we could think to invent, and certainly far more interesting than taking a person's story and adding in some fictional components to make it "sell to the movie public. Sorry, but the movie public just ends up feeling abused. Nash's story could be told on grainy black and white film, with the same cast, but with no special effects, and audience would be riveted, because Nash's story *itself* is riveting. Please stop adding fiction to real-life stories; please stop manipulating the viewers, Mr. Howard. On the DVD itself
 This is not the most beautiful movie. Sadly, though, it may be the most of the whole year. When I went to see this film I hadn't know much on John Nash. I still do not! After sitting through (*shudder*) Russel Crowe, who you cannot escape anywhere, for 2 and a half hours, I had to find out the whole thing was a down-spankin'-right evasive flick with tomfoolery! Ron Howard is one of those... directors who loves to play around with real life and switch it' into an innocent, benevolent and tender motion picture. I urge you to take a look into his recent films
 They don't pass out pens to revered professors at Princeton. And John Nash was, very briefly, a very good mathematician.  This manipulative tale plays upon all sorts of prejudices --eg  if you're that smart something else must be wrong  and somehow manages to ignore the fact that during this period, at Princeton, the urbane, sane, funny, and more brilliant John von Neuman not only invented game theory (to which work Nash's is essentially a special case), but also was responsible for the architecture of the stored memory computer (still the model for our CPUs fifty years later), and designed much of the theoretical and practical system by for US command and control of its nuclear forces-- in short he did what Nash is presented as fantasizing about. So we have a celebratory film about a mathematician who did some good work, then went mad, and is now not so mad. That is not exactly a beautiful mind. . .
 Not that I expected a documentary, but playing John Nash's delusions straight for the bulk of the film and then jumping out and yelling "Surprise! reminded me a bit of the Ewings trying to pick up their lives after Bobby died, in "Dallas, and then having him show up in the shower the following season because Pam was dreaming for all of last season. It was a cheap trick. This film exploited Nash's schizophrenic hallucinations at the expense of the very real handicaps he had to overcome, and I didn't appreciate it one bit.
 A BEAUTIFUL MIND is just a mediocre film. After seeing such brilliant films as DONNIE DARKO, MOULIN ROUGE, VANILLA SKY, LORD...RINGS, MULHOLLAND DRIVE, etc., I fail to understand why this film was nominated for anything. After seeing this film for the first time, I thought
 After all the hype and Oscars, I thought I'd better get around to watching "A Beautiful Mind".  While the first half of the film steers you completely and deliberately in the wrong direction... which is very clever when the secret is revealed, after this the second half of the film seems to go downhill toward a typical Hollywood-esque weepy finale.  While I really tried to like the main character, Mr Nash, I found I didn't really care! After the closing titles rolled, I felt the film was desperately trying to out-do "Shine".. but with all the film's fancy camera work and ageing make up, it didn't quite manage it. If you want to watch a film about mental illness which has great acting and real emotion... Watch "Shine"!
 Until the revelation of the Big Surprise, the movie is great.  After that, it becomes the typical Hollywood head vs. heart smackdown.  Like any professional wrestling presentation, it's a fixed fight.  You're a fool to bet on the gray wrinkled tinker toy instead of the little red pumping engine that could.  We Americans can't seem to get enough of such this corner/that corner spectacles, despite the predictability of the formula and the drabness of the platitudes that pop out in the end. Crowe puts up a good struggle here, but no actor could slog gracefully through the syrup that coagulates over the last third of this script.  Ed Harris is awesome.  Jennifer Connelly is a pretty cream puff and little else. The DVD is full of the typical self-congratulatory and mutual back-patting nonsense, along with a bunch of useless behind-the-scenes material.  What's the point of knowing how the special effects and make-up were done, how the cast was chosen, how the score was written, etc?  Especially for this film which is not destined to be a classic.
 Ron Howard takes an inspiring story and, true to form, reduces it to its most saccharine components. Consequently, this movie is virtually indistinguishable from Howard's other work.  The movie chronicles the life and trials of John Nash, a prodigious mathematical talent and eventual winner of the Nobel Prize. Nash matriculates as a doctorate candidate at Princeton in 1947, where he stagnates academically until he discovers his  truly unique idea ; that single accomplishment that distinguishes him from what he perceives to be the majority humanity
 Having read the book, I was quite disappointed with this movie.  Sure, the movie is gripping because the story is tragically sad and the acting is pretty good.  In this sense, the movie does a good of job highlighting the impact of serious mental illness and the need to help those who are dealing with it.  But the problem is that the movie is about a real person, and comparison with the book (which I trust) shows that the movie left out and changed so many key elements that it represents an unacceptable distortion of the truth of John Nash's life.  I could go into detail by giving many examples, but instead I urge you to simply read the book (or listen to the audiobook).  The true story is far more powerful and interesting than this ridiculously popularized movie.
 This is one of the worst adaptations of a book I have ever seen. I was looking forward to seeing Russell Crowe play John Forbes Nash, Jr. in the adaptation of what is an excellent book. Instead, what I saw was a movie that happens to have the same title as the book and whose main characters also happen to have the same names as those in John Nash's life, but the resemblance doesn't go much beyond that.  The movie does focus on one major element from Nash's life, and that was his schizophrenia. Unfortunately, Ron Howard decided to make almost the whole movie about Nash's schizophrenia. In doing this, the movie resembles an X-Files episode more than Nash's real life -- much in the same way other movies allow themselves to take outrageous and interesting plot twists and then the main character wakes up in the end realizing that the things that happened were nothing more than a dream. Nash's life was so much more than his schizophrenia. The film does have its good points. Russell Crowe gives an excellent performance as an academic suffering from delusions. Also at one point in the first 25 minutes of the movie we get a clever -- but much too brief -- taste of what game theory is about, the field in which Nash's work won him a Nobel Prize.
 In the movie 'A Beautiful Mind' we are supposed to understand and sympathize with John Nash as he battles schizophrenia.  But what astounds me about this movie is that it never explains schizophrenia.  Most people still think it's that MULTIPLE PERSONALITY URBAN MYTH.  They might think the imaginary roommate is personality #2.  I must also add that I read the book and the movie and book are extremely different.  The movie is the HOLLYWOOD VERSION.  Most of the stuff in the movie is fictional.
 I knew this movie would be a disappointment, and I was right.  It left me untouched, unmoved, and failed to evoke any emotions in me.  Acting was OK.  Story and plot were weak.  Nothing much happens here.  There is very little to keep anyone awake or interested.  And yes, as many viewers point out, the whole  love saves the day  thing made me nauseous.  After  Gladiator  won Best Picture last year, I knew anything the Academy did afterwards would be utterly ridiculous.  I was right again.  This was a potentially interesting premise totally squandered by sentiment, cliche and swelling violins.  Ugh, the more I think about it, the more I don't like it.
 Despite the fact that the acting and makeup in this movie were well done, A Beautiful Mind suffers from Hollywood syndrome. Ron Howard's directing has never impressed me, and this movie is no exception. Generic classical techniques flood this film, and even when the camera is doing something interesting, there is more of an emphasis on  money shots  than anything else. If anything the plot was coherent and possessed a few points that were somewhat clever, but that does not help the unoriginality of this film. Like Men of Honor, this is a typical overdramatic biography film that suffers from exaggerated dialogue, stale camerawork, and as always a predictable score, chock full of soaring violins and oodles of crecendo. Once again the acting was not bad, but it still suffered from the melodramatic plague that has infected nearly every Holloywood blockbuster in the past decade. The pacing of this movie also suffered greatly, for it either moved way too slowly or too awkwardly. At times some scenes seemed thrown together or piled on. Bluntly put, this film just did not interest me. It was not realistic enough to come across as a biography (due to the score, acting, and dialogue), not paced well enough to make a great deal of sense, excruciatingly long and painful to watch, and not compelling enough in regards to both the plot and the esthetics. If you must see this film, wait until it is released on video and rent it. This could pass as Oscar material, but only because Mr. Howard has pulled every old trick out of the proverbial book. Save your money and your 2 hours.
 Well, it appears that this film made enough academy members weep and decide finally to throw an Oscar Ron Howard's way (which he truly has deserved in the past), but this film is not nearly as remarkable or memorable as these awards would suggest.  [Just read what the serious reviewers had to say at rottentomatoes.] In addition to the fact that it is in essence a  fictionalization  of Nash's life, I found the film uneven and, gasp, even boring!  And what's worse, much to my friends' horror, I found I didn't even care about the John Nash portrayed in the film.  As portrayed he is certainly a tragic figure, but despite Howard's often over-wrought style, Crowe's Nash is not particularly noble, courageous or even likable.  I didn't feel much if anything for this man, but I know that I'm supposed to like him because that's Russell Crowe up there on the screen and that's Ron Howard directing him.  Well, rather than swallow this bland bait, I'd rather watch something meaningful.  I guess that's why I'm not an academy voter... If you want to watch this as a work of fiction, and you can stomach the manipulative tenor of Howard's direction, I guess you'll like  A Beautiful Mind.   If, however, you care about legitimate portrayals of historical figures, and you'd rather not have the director play on your emotions without any real substance to back it up, don't bother.  There are scores of films that are much more beautiful out there.
 The praise heaped onto "A Beautiful Mind befuddles me. This film, who's only redeeming quality is Russell Crowe's marvelous performance(Say what you want about the man's personal life, you cannot deny that he can act), is dull and lifeless. In fact, without that performance, the film is little better than a TV movie of the week.  The story, following the life of Mathmatician John Nash, is plagued by the dull pacing and scant charachterization that only Akiva Goldsman, the writer of such classics as "Lost in Space and "Batman & Robin", can provide. Only the Nash charachter is given any insight, as Jennifer Connelley's charachter, Nash's wife Alicia, is little more than a cipher, her reasons for loving Nash never explained, as Nash appears downright unlovable. I would say that her winning an Oscar for this and Crowe's being passed over is akin to Kim Basinger winning for "LA Confidential and Crowe not even being nominated, except that "Confidential was so much better a film, that the comparison would be insulting.  The direction is standard Ron Howard, which is to say workmanlike, hetting the job done, with few stylistic flashes, and not much else. He fails to elicit much from any actor besides Crowe, and since Crowe has publicly said that Opie let him "be himself"(read
 After looking at several other reviews, I'll be the counter- point.  First of all, no question that Crowe did an excellent job.  However, maybe because my education is all in mathematics, I was looking for something more ... including a better, more accurate, characterization of the mathematical setting Nash found himself in.  Didn't happen. I don't believe the film was intended to be a documentary - Howard could have done much better at that.  It evidently wasn't a biography either.  What then was it?  A story about mathematics and/or a mathematician?  A study in mental disorders?  If it was intended to be either, it fell short.  On the one hand the  person in the street  could not get much of a feel for Nash and his contribution to mathematics from this film ... an important and significant omission.  On the other, nothing really was said regarding the events leading up to THE high point of his career - achieving the Nobel Prize.  Ya just can't leave this kind of stuff out in a flick like this!!  Moreover, there is no Nobel in mathematics and that is a significant point in this case. If this was a study in mental disorder all I can say is it was way too shallow. Glad I saw it, wouldn't see it again.
 If you want to see a movie about the JOhn Lennon killing, get Chapter 27 with Jared Leto. It's much better. I have both this one and Chapter 27.
 Some of the tracks were bad. I wanted to send it back to you for a replacement, but I had been very busy. Is there a possibility that I can get a better one?
 Anybody who falls for the cover blurb "SEVEN meets SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is gonna be disappointed...kinda like me.  Nicely filmed and that's about it H is the clunky, unexciting tale of a copycat serial killer who's reenacting the grisly murders of another killer who was arrested 10 months earlier.  Very interesting idea.  Now enter the world's most inept cops.  First you got Kang who in every single scene freaks out in some way and either kicks something, breathes heavy, screams, wrecks his car or all of the above.  His partner, Kim, has a haircut like Mia Farrow in ROSEMARY'S BABY and the personality of the wooden Indian in CREEPSHOW 2.  She also likes to disrupt crime scenes, stare blankly and punch or shoot Kang.  I wanted to like the film.  I was all excited and happy for about the first minute and forty seconds then Kang showed up and it all went downhill from there.  On the bright side I did learn that if I ever want to head up a surprise raid on a serial killer's house to NOT land a helicopter in his front yard first.
 A pair of emotionally damaged police detectives (Jung-ah Yum and Jin-hee Ji) investigate a series of gruesome killings that emulate the murders of a serial killer (Seung-woo Cho) who was imprisoned ten months earlier.  They suspect that he has an accomplice on the outside.  In a sense, they are correct.  The truth provides a nice twist that would have had more impact if it had not been imbedded in a plot that has so many lapses in logic.  Unprofessional behavior makes it difficult to take these cops seriously.  They seem to make some pretty big intuitive leaps and there are plot elements that don't connect very well to the main story, although both of these could be the fault of poor subtitling.  The final moments of the film are intended to shock, but they require one character to behave in a way that contradicts what we have seen of her before, so it comes off as cheap exploitation.
 Was not the movie I wanted my misstake  but it came on time and was packaged as it should be thoe I have not watched it so I have no opinion on this movie. silly me.    Barb
 such a bad movie. i can't believe how many good reviews this film has received. first of all, a good horror movies either has good gore/story or both. mulberry street has neither. horror fans want to see some blood. nothing really happens in the first 40 minutes or so, the audiece is painfully forced to watch the comings and goings of a group of people. there is no charater development at all. if the write and director wants a good story, then they must have good character develoment so the audience can relate to them. these pathetic character have nothing to do with the plot. and when the reall horror begins, there is nothing scary or even remotely original. in fact, i hate these charaters so much, and i cannot wait to see them being attacked and eaten. the apocalpse/zombie story has been done countless times, but others do a much better job. this film makes me angry. avoid it
 this movie is the worst movie in the 07 set and i would not buy this movie maybe rent it if you just have to see it
 Based on the reviews here and on imdb, I was expecting a lot more. I can only imagine that the reviewers are not horror afficionados and so their ability to be startled and scared are somewhat lower than your usual horror fan. The first problem with "Mulberry Street is that it takes much too long to start. Too much background information that could've been inserted during breaks in the action and very slow progression of incidents leading to the fun of Act 2. And as for the action and suspense, the director fails to provide any real thrills and chills with the shaky camera movment just becoming annoying after awhile. With films like "30 Days of  Night, "28 Weeks Later, and the Resident Evil series bringing the "mankind vs. the maddening hoards premise to new and more interesting levels, "Mulberry Street, fails to bring anything new or interesting to the genre. Besides this, the somewhat double ending was odd and unsatisfying leaving me and other viewers to wonder if the two male leads had a relationship. While not terribly awful, nor as bad as some of the Sci-Fi Channel fare, you'll wish you had spent your time otherwise instead of wasting it on "Mulberry Street. Last year's initial offerings of the After Dark Horrorfest films were surprisingly good.  There were no classics in the group but neither were there any real duds either (Although The Hamiton's came close).  The films were consistently well made considering the budget constraints they were under.  With that in mind, the anticipation for this year's films was quite high.  Unfortunately, things don't get off to a very strong start with Mulberry St., a ridiculous creature feature that is about fifty years too late.  Most of the action takes place in a New York apartment building with a diverse group of tenants including former boxer Clutch, androgynous Coco, single mom Kay and her teenage son, and some assorted old coots.  For reasons which are never explained and barely even touched on, rats in the subway begin attacking and biting people.  We're never shown these attacks, we hear about them only through TV and radio news reports and thus, it's impossible to grasp just what kind of scale we are talking about.  Is it dozens of rats?  Hundreds?  Thousands?  This part of the city is locked down to try and contain the virus spread by the rats, a virus which turns the victim into, for lack of a better term, were-rats.  Now if the virus had simply turned the people rabid and crazed with a taste for blood, it could have worked.  But no, the virus actually turns them into human rats with pointy ears and noses, long sharp teeth, and whiskers.  The make-up was so bad that the actors looked like rejects from the Broadway play of Cats.  It was unintentionally funny.  There is no logic to the plot.  What caused the rats to start attacking?  What caused people bitten to turn into rats?  And what was done to prevent further outbreaks?  All of these questions are left unanswered.  The rat-people converge on the neighborhood including the apartment building, crawling between the walls and ceilings to attack the residents who think they are safe behind closed doors.  The performances weren't terrible and you have to laud the actors for at least going along with the awful plot and giving it their best.  Kim Blair manages to stand out as Clutch's daughter Casey, a solider returning home from the Middle East just as the outbreak begins.  There's nothing terrifying in Mulberry St., and there's no suspense.  The rat-people were unconvincing as a threat, and the story is filled with crater-like divots.  Extras  Mulberry St. does come with a number of extras should you really want to see them.  "Behind the Scenes
 Seeing the preview for this movie, I knew two things
 Both "Africa Screams & "Jack and the Beanstalk have been around for years. The two films were once available in Super 8 & 16mm dupes of varying quality. The Roan Group DVD is simply a copy of the Image Ent Laser Disc from the 1990's. Screams suffers the most as the first 30 minutes is very soft, and has a greenish tint to it. The remaining 50 minutes is great though. Beanstalk is BEAUTIFUL and has all original Warner Brothers opening and closing credits. Be mindful that it is the original release version running 78 minutes, not the 81 minute pre-view version. All in all a good buy, just don't expect the best quality.
 My paranormal group will be going to the USS North Carolina within the next several months, and I wanted to get some ideas about the location, and I thought this video might be of some help.  I had contemplated purchasing the DVD for $25, but I saw that it was only 30 minutes long. I did see there was the option to view it once on either  my PC or through my Roku box for $1.99, so I decided to go that route. I felt that if the video had plenty of good content, as far as paranormal hot spots and a decent tour of the ship, I would go ahead and purchase the DVD version. I'm glad that I didn't get the DVD version.  Danny Bradshaw is the night watchman for the ship, and he is the primary focus within the video. Danny has been there for 33yrs and he's had several experiences there during that period. He did mention a couple of other people having experiences as well, and I should mention that he also has a room on the ship.  The amateur looking video is loaded with promotions for all sorts of things unrelated to the ship, and Danny also has several moments with promoting his book, urging people to buy it because the money would go to a relative's trust fund. I get the sense that the proceeds of this video is also going towards that trust fund too.  Danny talked several times about how the book contained 13 paranormal stories, with eleven being things that he experienced and two from other people. I got the sense the video was a teaser towards buying the book, and during the video, I saw that Danny held the book in such a fashion to where I could see that it was extremely thin; I'd have to guess that it might be about a quarter inch thick.  Danny told several ghost stories about things that happened in his room, in the bullpen, and in the mess hall. I can't be sure if he actually told all thirteen stories or not during the video, but to me, it felt like he didn't. At the end of the video, I had a great sense of disappointment at feeling the video was loaded with promos and very little content. I think that I would have been very angry if I had paid $25 instead of the $1.99. I didn't actually time the amount of content versus the promos, but if I had to take a wild guess, I would have to say there might have been +/- 15 minutes.  If you absolutely positively have to view this video, I would suggest watching it for the price of $1.99 instead of purchasing the $25 DVD video. If the video is any indication on how well the book might be, I feel that I well be skipping that as well.
 I've said it before, and I'll say it again
 This DVD produced by (shudder) Madacy offers a very good Laurel and Hardy film ( Flying Deuces ) with a very, very poor one ( Utopia , AKA  Atoll K ). Bad picture quality (with compression) is evident on both films, along with wafer thin sound. The extras are typical of Madacy. There's a trivia game, filmography, and some biographies. All in all, you should stay away from this to find a better transfer of 'Flying Deuces.'
 While I don't always get to see the wide range of movies thanks to shoddy stores, I've always loved many of the films that come from Asia from the horror of Ringu and Ju-On to animated ones like Millennium Actress or the quirky awesomeness of the Host. So I like to check out films that most otherwise would bypass but I've heard of Stephen Chow and his films "Kung Fu Hustle and "Shaolin Soccer but never have actually seen them but when his new film, a family film called "CJ7 was out, I thought I'd check it out. Ultimately what I got was a cute and time-tested idea ruined by some bad script decisions and humor.  Ti is a hard-working man with a job at the construction site but he's so poor that he has to work extra hours just to buy an electric fan and good luck finding decent food as well. His son Dicky is enrolled into a school so he can realize his full potential if only it weren't for his ratty clothes and constant picking-on by classmates and even teachers. So when Ti brings home a ball hoping to give the kid a new, impressive toy, Dicky's surprised that it's actually an alien from outer space and the 2 become friends and help deal with their family problems.  That last part I have to admit was a little hard to write since it doesn't really do that all that much, or well. Think back to the film this got compared to
 I appreciate other reviewers here cautioning us as to the content of this movie, and I think that caution should be heeded.  This movie vastly presents itself as a whimsical almost light-hearted morality tale for youngsters, but there are definitely a half a dozen scenes so different as to be glaringly out of place, if not downright unsuitable for young children.  For instance, in one scene the father thinks the boy is lying and begins to whip him with escalating frustration, to the point of being what in this country would definitively be called abuse.  I was so stunned by this scene that I thought for a moment that the movie must have skipped to an "extra features section.  Then there is the boy stabbing his toy.  The point here is not that children never project their frustration through acting out violently.  The point here is that this movie is so predominantly a child oriented fantasy that this scene of violence is completely out of place.  There are several other scenes that fall into this category.  I like some of Steven Chow's other movie's (I'm a huge fan of Kung Fu Hustle).  And though there are many things I liked about this film, its construction seems poor compared to his previous work.  These out of place sequences disturb me enough that I am forced to rate this movie much lower than it could possibly have been.
 I like Stephen Chow's work.  Especially Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle.  (I have Kung Fu Hustle on DVD, Blu-Ray and UMD.)  I pre-ordered this DVD without seeing it first.  I wish I had seen the movie in the theater first.  It is not what I expected.  Yes, it is probably intended to be a "family film.  That's perfectly fine.  However, I cannot imagine sitting down and watching this with any young kids.  Unless of course it's pouring raining outside and they just watched "Bambi and "Old Yeller back to back.  That will prepare them for what is to come in this movie.  There is some cute stuff in the movie.  But there is also some content that might be difficult or emotional for some kids.  The brief homages to Shaolin Soccer, Kung Fu Hustle and Mission
 I love horror movies, but I'm the first to admit that I prefer the creepiness of traditional films in the past.  The newer movies that prefer to skip right to violence or aim for the squeamish unnerving of their viewers - they're not really my thing.  I found that this movie was a double edged sword.  Not only was there a lot of seemingly unnecessary violence (toward characters that we were unable to find a connection to) but the story seemed a little convoluted as well.  After reading a little about this movie online, I found that this is a prequel to the director's 2004 movie Malevolence.  Maybe I needed to see that movie to appreciate this film more, but I didn't see any mention of the connection at all in the movie description.  I feel like the movie was maybe trying really hard to explain the situation in the first film, but without Malevolence's storyline put into the context - this film just seemed like a meandering concept.  Either way, I'd say if these types of horror films are your style, then watch both movies then maybe you could get more out of this than I did.  I just think this goes off target in too many aspects for my taste.
 Rule #1 for pretty women in horror films
 This is why I'd never heard of this movie before, even though I'm sort of a movie buff.  It pretty much sucks.  The first part is slow and boring, a few slasher scenes notwithstanding.  Michael Biehn turns in a poor performance, and neither the killer nor his kiddie apprentice are believable at all.  There's just too little evil in the killer.  The rest of the film is mostly predictable and like the setup, really needed some good editing (and acting, and scripting, and everything).
 Understanding that this is a prequel to the movie Malevolence, this movie may, in fact, be more meaningful than it came off as a standalone, since I cannot attest to how much it ties into the first movie. I understand that these movies are supposed to be a trilogy ultimately with Bereavement as the first installment, Malevolence as the middle, and one more to come after the sequence of both these movies. In general, I haven't seen out of sequence movies work particularly well.  I mean it didn't even work for Star Wars since you know what's going to happen, it's simply an element that's been taken away from the enjoyment. The primary message of this story focuses on the never ending debate of nature vs. nurture.  Can you take a young innocent sweet child and turn them into a psychopath?  To me, this movie was more about natural selection, because the characters in this movie were simply TSTL, too stupid to live.  A young six year old boy, Martin, with a very rare medical condition that enables him to feel no pain, is kidnapped in the beginning of the film by a crazy psychopathic killer.  It's unclear to me if Martin was actually targeted by the killer since he seems to know right away that Martin can feel no pain, but the circumstances of the man's living conditions and the way he's trolling for victims makes it appear more random.  Regardless, we flash forward five years and Martin is still living with the killer and has witnessed five years of stabbing and mutiliation of female after female and the victims are plentiful indeed.  Close by, a teenage Allison comes to live with her uncle and his family after the death of her parents in a car crash.  Allison is withdrawn and rebellious and takes out her pain and frustration by jogging which leads her past the killer's ramshackle home.  When Allison sees Martin in the window time after time, she grows curious and eventually decides to inspect the home where she finds unspeakable horror.  With the synopsis over, let's move on to the TSTL moments.  The movie contains a limitless amount of kidnapped women in what appears to be a very small community where neighbors are miles and miles from one another.  The killer obviously leaves his neighborhood to find his victims, but after so many, you'd think that police/FBI and surrounding area citizens would be leary and on the lookout.  The movie actually takes place from 1989 to the mid 90's and the psychopath grabs his victims in public and broad daylight half the time with a very conspicuous vehicle that apparently no one ever notices.  Not likely.  The victims who are kidnapped apparently only know how to scream in this film and there is absolutely no sense of self preservation.  Apparently when you know your life is on the line, punching, kicking, and arming yourself with the plethora of knives sitting in front of you doesn't occur to anyone.  Just meeting total strangers does not prevent you from accepting a ride with them.  Whatever happened to don't talk to strangers?  During escape attempts, you should simply scream so the killer knows where you are.  And never ever should you call for backup or try to get the police.  It was simply obnoxious and you pretty much want the killing scenes to end because they're all about the gore factor.  This movie is incomplete and disconnected with the timeframe which it takes place. You know every minute with every scream what is going to happen, not only because the first movie pretty much tells you, but the creators of this movie didn't even try to throw a surprise at us.  There's no mystery, police procedure, red herrings or anything else.  It's simply a timeline of how an evangelical madman can raise someone in his image with the help of the incompetent citizens living around him.
 I went into this 1 watching with an open mind, even though these slasher type of movies don't do much for me. There was a lot of hype surrounding this one, sadly that's all it was  hype. It starts out pretty well but gorily. Sadly the meandering story goes nowhere, never really develops plot, or the characters into someone who you care about. Then it mindlessly digresses into a mindless slashfest, with no heart. Horrible, predictable, and utterly boring to me. Anyone can film a bloody mess, it takes talent to make it into an interesting story with characters you care about. Gave it an extra star for the pretty girl, thats about it. Don't pay to see this movie.
 A young boy, denied an education and forced to work in the family's animal processing plant while being repressed and abused by his father, grows up to be the creepy guy who lives alone at the now closed dilapidated plant in the middle of nowehere. He drives the beater looking van from the business and spends his time punching young women and dragging them back to his lair. Just for kicks, he picks up a young, seemingly mute boy and brings him back to learn the new family business.  Pan ahead 5 years, and we see voluptious, orphaned Allison arriving from Chicago to move in with her aunt and uncle in this boring small farm town; I mean, really, it's so small that the local high school doesn't have "much call for girls' sports (and this is the 90s). Mix in a bit of teenage rebellion, the local bad boy with a drunken, wheelchair-bound father, a motorbike and a penchant for auto mechanics, and a daily running regimen that takes young Allison right by the old Sutter place, and you have a recipe for what is unfortunately an all too familiar slasher flick.  Pros
 This movie is so repetitive and unoriginal. I'd give it one star but that is like giving 0 stars in my opinion (since one star is mandatory). Some of the acting was ok, so it gets 2 stars. Seriously though, skip this movie. I kept zoning out and dozing off until I heard the screaming; the same thing kept happening over and over again. It's one of those movies where the foreshadowing is so pointless because without it you already know what's going to happen, so you can't really be surprised, only annoyed that they thought this was actually going to be engrossing.
 I was not sure what to expect from  this film, but even without high expectations, I found myself disappointed.  This struck me as nothing more or less than a run-of-the-mill slasher film, purporting to explain the development into a young serial killer of an innocent 5 year-old boy who is abducted from his back yard.  I found the film unremarkable in every dimension - writing, production values, acting.
 Ineffective storyline plods along from scene to scene of gratuitous torture and murder. A crazy guy's occassional delusions passes for character development. As in many films of this nature there are very attractive women, cast as victims, and they do dumb things that put them in absurdly dangerous situations. In one scene a victim's foot flail's uselessly around the perp's head begging more than the obvious question of why doesn't she kick him in that peanut head-- rather how did the actress AVOID kicking the guy in the head.  I did not like the movie.
 I found this to be very slow moving. The main focus is on a young woman who has to move to the country to live with her uncle's family when her parents die. Interspersed with that is the evil guy who has abducted a young boy, and who likes to hang women up in his workshop and torture and kill them. Eventually the two plot lines converge, but by the time this happened I was to bored to care.  This might be worth watching if it shows up on your streaming video service and there's nothing else to watch. Otherwise I would recommend skipping it. If you like this type of movie, there are a lot better choices.
 I got this thinking it was a horror movie, and not knowing that it is a prequel to Malevolence, which I had not heard of. I had never seen a slasher movie, and did not know this was one of those.  It turns out there is a big difference between horror and slasher genres. Whereas a horror movie (Hitchcock's Psycho, The Exorcist, The Omen) builds suspense, fear, tension, or mystery, this movie did not waste time on these. The bad guy easily captures his prey, then keeps them around until he decides to kill them. For each of the 12 or so killings, it goes pretty much the same way. With a few (e.g. the rescuers) he kills them right away.  I guess the slasher genre is a bit like pornography - it's about the action; you don't want a plot to get in the way. Like porn, the action here does involve tools plunged repeatedly into young women's torsos, but the tools in this case are long and narrow knives used to stab their bellies. Where porn is judged mainly by quality and quantity of the action; this slasher movie scores high on quantity but low on quality of the gorey action.  The movie does not focus on realism. Each young woman starts screaming hysterically at the beginning of her scene, before anyone is threatening them or even nearby. They scream without interruption, and it actually grows in intensity as they are being stabbed. In real life, surgical modifications from the knife would cause their screams to change into other utterances, or stop as their diaphragm is unable to push air to their vocal cords. But like pornography, this is not real life, and such details are not important.  The bad guy is being harrassed by his dead father (a shadow, or a shrowuded figure on a bed), or by one of the horned steer skulls inside or around his dad's ruined meat packing factory. He talks about how they don't have feelings so they don't have fear, perhaps referring to the animals processed there; this is as much insight as we get into his background. Early on he kidnaps a six-year-old boy who has a disease that prevents him from feeling pain, and the implication is that he has no psychological feeling either. How these story elements fit together, or what relationship they have to the title, remains unclear to me.  A second plot line starts when a young lady with large breasts arrives in the same town to live with her aunt and uncle. How will this second plot line intersect with the first? Oh, the drama!  The movie is predictable. I guessed the plot resolution during the first five minutes. In most cases, I knew what was going to happen next. The plot surprised me a little when each of the two would-be rescuers went down so easily, as I thought they might build tension by having the victim have a chance of being saved.  Steven Mena is the creative force behind this movie
 Bereavement is a film that doesn't seem to know what it wants to be. We open to the films killer trolling the neighborhood for children in the kind of sinister beat up truck only found in films. He settles on snatching up a young boy on a swing. Through expository dialogue from his mother we discover that the boy suffers from a condition that causes him to feel no pain (don't remember the medical term). The mother explains to a babysitter that this is a serious condition and the boy must be monitored at all times since he could break a bone without noticing or even bleed to death from a cut. This detail is called a plot device since the risk of danger to the boy is never brought up again and he simply becomes a boy who feels no pain (quite an oddity for a serial killer who revels in torture). One would think that being raised by a schizophrenic killer in a filthy blood splattered abandoned meat packing plant would be a serious risk to someone with the boys condition but with the plot device established we need not dwell on the details. Also, this is the only child and only boy the killer ever grabs so now it's both a plot device AND a plot convenience. His true victims du jour are young hot women and this small town seems loaded with them.  Cut to five years later and the film starts to establish the other characters of the movie. Here the movie seems to want to have its cake and eat it to. The ancillary characters are not your typical stereotype or hopeless jackass. On the other hand they're not that compelling and I never felt emotionally invested in them but at least the film was trying. The problem is films create unlikable characters so that when the films killer/hero starts brutally murdering them it's popcorn munching fun. If you create characters for which you can have a shred of sympathy you expect them at the very least to put up a struggle or have a meaningful death. Instead bereavement just dispatches characters at rapid fire pace and suddenly I'm wondering what the point was of establishing them just to give them such an inglorious exit. Rather than feel scary the film just felt cruel and pointless. We also spend a lot of time with the killer and I guess the film was somewhat trying to make us feel sympathetic for the fact that he's emotionally tortured by some bulls skull that he believes is ordering him to commit these sadistic acts.  The film tries to rise above by creating characters rather than caricatures but then falls back on tired horror film tropes. The main girl in the movie is only captured by the killer because she's blisteringly stupid. At this point the audience should be concerned about her welfare but all I was focusing on was how amazing her braless breasts are. It's hard to think of bereavement as a more mature serial killer film when all you can focus on is how stunning the main actress's boobs bounce. Actually now that I think about it the unhurtable boys mother also had a freakishly stunning rack which sort of made it hard to focus on her anguish at the disappearance of the boy.  As much as bereavement tries to be thrilling it failed to pull me in. I didn't really care about the characters but I didn't dislike them enough to look forward to their deaths. I felt like bereavement was trying to satisfy everyone including fans of thrillers, fans of torture and gore and fans of boobs but never succeeded in presenting any of these well. The ending was obvious a quarter of the way into the movie and after it was all over I felt diminished for having watched it. I can handle gore and sure as heck can handle boobs but it's the meanness of it all that made me queasy particularly when it involved children. I would actually prefer to watch a dumb teenage slasher because at least those films generally know what they are.
 This item I bought was scratchy in the middle of the film. The disk never finished a specific scene and jumped-skipped to another scene. I never received the first copy I ordered though said it was shipped, so a kind woman from Amazon.com sent me another w/o charge or shipping.
 I'm generally a supporter of Tyler Perry productions. That being, the plays, and the TV shows. The movies for some reason never do it for me. Why Did I Get Married was not bad. The sequel for me, failed miserably. For one the intense comic relief along with the supercharged drama doesn't blend well for me (i.e. Madea Goes to Jail - the movie) The plot was all too predictable, ex wants the ex back, hubby and wife aren't happy, they argue and tragically one dies..meehhhh.... oh, let's not mention, one has cancer and it's not addressed at all other than when it's mentioned..It just seemed like a mash up of a bunch of recycled movie plots, all put together crudely. Hmm, just didn't sit well with me at all. Sorry.
 This movie is absolutely ridiculous and the only reason I gave it two stars was for the pretty scenery while they're in the Bahamas. I seriously could not believe this movie and truly wanted to stop watching, but like witnessing a train wreck, I could not pull myself away. Honestly, after the first movie that seemed to end with some redeeming qualities about marriage, I thought this one would continue in the same vein, but this was just a marriage basher. After watching this, why would anyone think marriage is a good thing? Two couples have major trust issues, another one  has a wife on the verge of an affair, and the last one, the Janet Jackson marriage is beyond awful. Her character, which always seemed the somewhat calm one, turns into this raging lunatic who wants a divorce for reasons we never know. All in all, please skip this tragically horrible movie. It's not worth the time!
 I usually enjoy Tyler Perry movies.  This one was just over the top melodrama with no  laughs.  The characters jumping to (wrong)  conclusions and the vindictive, uncontrolled reactions wore thin.  Stick with the first movie.
 one yes people forget what they learned and go back to there old ways. So sometimes they must learn again but the movie was not believable the 2nd time thru and was overplayed quite a bit.  Next the ending of the movie was VERY bad story telling and was not fond of the movie I feel it could have been done much better than it was so that is why I gave it a 2 out of 5  I did like the first movie and would give it 5 stars but when you have a 5 star and deliver a 2 star film that is bad.  shame shame
 I really loved the 1st movie "why did I get married anyway"?  This one was not up to par for me. I usually like all Tyler Perry's movies, but didn't particularly care for this one. I didn't even like the ending.
 Way too sad and depressing.  Not entertaining at all.  Can't believe that this movie has been rated as 4 stars.  The first one was much better.  Hopefully this is the end of the "Why did I get married films.
 Except for cinematography by Vittorio Storaro, this film is way over rated. It is totally homophobic. The entire premise of the reason the protagonist was a Fascist murderer is because he thought he accidentally shot and killed a man who molested, or at least tried to molest him once when he was 13. The man was 6-10 years older. So he became a murderer for Mussolini. WTF? What about all those dozen adult men and women who are shown standing two feet away while a dozen kids his age have his pants pulled down and are molesting him en masse, for who knows how many times. No, that would not make him a murderer. The guy who molested him was not a homosexual. He was a child molester, because the boy was prepubescent, presumably. Later in the film, we see the "homosexual trying to pick up a much older male prostitute. I don't think child molesters evolve to like older people as sexual partners, so this is not true to life. He is also shown to be a total wimp, a stereotype. The protagonist's new wife confesses to having been raped for 6 years by a man 50 years older and says she enjoyed it. She seems as normal as anybody in the film. Talk about a double standard! The director should have followed the golden rule of filmmaking
 The cinematographer John Bailey (American Gigolo, The Big Chill and as good as it gets) was speaking at the LA film school in 2003 and showed clips from the Conformist. I immediately asked him about it. He said that there's a new print at Paramount made by Vitterio Storaro. I have written Paramount and Criterion. Please harass Paramount about it. It's a shame that such a classic and influential has been ignored for so long.
 Having now seen The Conformist again, in "restored form, I've got to say I think it terribly overrated. Just for a start, one thing I find problematic is the equation of repressed or latent homosexuality, if that's what it is, with fascist tendencies, or guilt about some homosexual exeperience (as indicated at the end of the film) with whatever the central character's pathology. But then this is not sufficiently clearly sketched to make any real sense; it's the kind of thing that can only be taken seriously in the context of a particular kind of left-wing European machismo of the 1960s. Otherwise it's nonsense. Perhaps one's not meant to take it as "realism but as "symbolism all the way through the film, but even then it fails to join the dots; certainly, it doesn't work as "realism". Despite some effective scenes (like the final murder), I think that as a whole this movie has a vastly inflated reputation.
 Why the release of this outstanding film to DVD has been so long delayed has been mysterious. Previously the only version available in the USA was an overdubbed VHS. Not that Bertolucci used actors who were all speaking Italian in the scenes, the sound was added post, but it is great that this version has the option of Italian and French. However, this movie is really meant to be seen in original Black and White and this copy is TECHNICOLOR. Wierd. I was wondering why so cheep. Kind of dissappointing for one of my favorite movies of all time.
 Not as spectacular as other reviews led me to believe. I hadn't seen it before, but with comments like "precursor to The Godfather and "one of the 10 best movies I thought I'd give it a try.  It's an OK movie at best.  It has some interesting visuals and unique cinematography, but the story is just not interesting or engaging.  I'm generally very easy to please when it comes to movies, but for the last half hour of this movie I was just waiting for it to end. The cheesy 70s dialog and hammy acting didn't help either.  Sorry, but I really can't recommend it.
 Yes, there is the scene where Omar Sharif makes love to Lesley-Anne Down in the dark, taking advantage of the fact that she does not know that he is not Clouseau.  HOWEVER, in the original film (previously issued on DVD, and now missing), Sharif then sings to Down "Come to Me", which is the set-up to the joke at the end when the real Clouseau sings to her in his own bed, and she comments on his voice, noting in her surprised reaction how different it is from what she heard before.  So, what's the problem with releasing an entire movie on DVD, instead of additional selective edits?  There are certainly no shortage of substandard "director's cuts where we get everything that should have remained on the cutting room floor, but for a modern classic, why do this???  And where's the disclaimer on the box that warns the consumer that they are NOT getting the entire original movie?  With decisions like this, Hollywood deserves every lost nickel of revenue from writer's strikes, actor's strikes, etc.
 DVD only works first 5 minutes, movie scratched. Movie continues to not work even after out threw cleaning machine. Waste of money!
 Seen the first, 2nd would probably be just as boring. They are rated 2 to 3 stars that isn't much and really i didn't find this briliant so the 2nd would get boring too. It is a little bit like scream, but scream is much better. Because the set is stupid on this like at the begginning, she sees the murderer and he sits laughing and it looks a little bit silly. Scream is more serious than this it is more freaky for people and scream is way better.
 The idea of Scary Movie seemed great,but the results aren't so great.Entertaining to say the least,up the story line follows Scream to closely for most of the movie.Some of the humor is funny,but I don't really care to see women with male body parts or male parts in someones ear.
 Similar in spirit to Wayans' cult classic  I'm Gonna Git You Sucka  (which, it should be mentioned, was clearly influenced by the Abrahams-Zucker-Zucker brand of spoof comedy (Airplane!, Naked Gun)), but updated to satisfy the Y2K hunger for low-brow humour.  Despite the numerous moments of hilarity in the film, I found Wayans' exuberant over-reliance on toilet humour to be too tedious.  I, by the way, can't wait for this brand of humour to fade away.  I love low-brow humour as much as the next intellectually-stunted guy, but being crude for the sake of being crude is not the same as being crude for the sake of being funny.  For example, I am bewildered as to why anyone found the flatulence bits funny.  Maybe it could be funny if it was set-up and paid-off in a comedic situation, but flatulence by itself is not funny.  Another example
 Scary movie was a sad attempt to satarize real  scary movies.  In addition to it's predictability, it was filled with bland humor. Oh yes, some parts did make you smile, perhaps even giggle, but over all it was a waste of my $7.00. It's only one of many movies today making an effort to mock popular teen movies. My suggestion, see a real teen movie. Because you know the joke you're in for when you go to see it.
 "Scary Movie, whose script liberally borrows from the first two "Scream flicks, poses the question
 Why spoof a horror movie, any way? Those teen-scream flicks I KNOW WHAT YOU DID... and SCREAM (plus sequels) practically spoof themselves. What can be added by making this flick? Alright, so SCARY MOVIE was funny in some places. And I can appreciate some vulgar humor in the SOUTH PARK vein. But unlike SOUTH PARK, SCARY MOVIE doesn't come off with the same success. SOUTH PARK tries continually to outdo itself, but it pulls it off with a certain level of  class . SCARY MOVIE ultimately fails because it tries to hard. Hence resorting to flashing the male anatomy several times for a chuckle. Please! If you want to do toilet humor, fine, but at least make it funny... something more like Mike Myers drinking  poo  in AUSTIN POWERS, as he says  It's nutty!  and grins.  Shawn Wayans fans will enjoy his performance. It's great stuff, there's just not enough of it. I wouldn't feel bad if you fast-forwarded through the rest.
 This film was a definately different twist to the gross out comedy genre.  I will give the film that, it is different, but comedies like these lack substance and are ultimately pointless.  Scary Movie was sick, and not entirely funny.  The script, the idea, and the concept were not worth putting on film.  It may have raked in some cash, but if the movie industry is not going to care about film quality and greatness, and only about money and box office revenue, the film industry may has well stop making movies all together.  Do not see this movie if you like films that are serious and potentially could be a classic.  I would reccomend this mmovie for any fan of gross out humor.  Trust me there is plenty of it in this film.
 I enjoyed watching this laugh-your-but-off comedy that parodies Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. I loved it from beginning to end; there  was at least three or four laughs A MINUTE! If you love comedies this is  the movie to see. It's better than I expected!
 The scary thing about "Scary Movie is that it is aimed to a strong audience of American (As in America the Continent, not the USA, duh!) teenagers and young adults with no sense of good taste and a preference for toilet humor instead of some good comedy. I'm glad I didn't have to pay from my pocket to see this one.   Call me an antiquarian if so much you want to, but with the sole exception of a few scattered jokes, there is nothing of much appeal in here for anyone with a high self-esteem. (Yes, this movie is THAT bad) The "jokes are all in the classical North American tradition and this is enough to make you think for a second time before venturing in. That's right my good sir, we have everything ranging from fart jokes to gross sex and everything in between. The only thing this movie is capable to do, is to show the importance 90% of North American teens give to sex instead of other, far more important, issues. (Well, the horror movies this movie tried to "spoof already show such given importance, anyway)    The producers, director and screenwriter(s) seem to be unable to spot the difference between the disgusting and the genuinely funny, and knowing that there are people out there who find this funny gives me the creeps. After all, how stupid do you need to be to think that a penis that ejaculates like a hog house is funny?   Case closed.
 This movie was mainly about all the other scary movies of the summer. They combined them and made an r rated comedy. It had lots of nudity and adult  language. They took certian parts out of other movies and put them all  together and got a bunch of garbage that didn't make any sense.  Next  time I will read reviews about movies before I spend my money. They should  give all the money they made to a charity and never try to make another  movie of this sort.
 Here's my problem with  Scary Movie 
 Although this movie is worth a few laughs for ADULTS, it is basically a glorified porno flick and should not be shown to young children. This would seem to be obvious, but in the movie theater I went to see this sub-standard film, there were quite a few idiots there with their young kids (at an R-rated movie? Couldn't you find a sitter?) and the kids seemed confused and disturbed much of the time. Yes, I laughed a couple of times at this movie, but it was not easy with little girls watching the same thing. If you have a young child, especially a little girl, and let them watch this film with four ... scenes and an adult ..., you are a disgusting piece of trash who should be thrown in jail for child abuse. That was my experience with watching this film in a  family  theater.
 First, let me say that this is not my type of humor.  That is my bias.  That being said, Scary Movie is the type of movie that begs and pleads for you to laugh at every given moment.  It almost looks like the actors just pause for an instant and wait for you to burst out into tear-filled hysteria. The movie is what it is.  There's no point in saying this movie isn't intelligent-that wasn't the goal here.  If you like sight-gags and parody driven plots - then rejoice because this is your movie!
 Another Tom Cruise 'slice of life' film in which he plays a budding bartender. You can't go very far with that synopsis. All budding bartenders eventually realize there's more to life. This is like the characters from  Midnight Cowboy  with credit cards.
 Viewed
 The movie itself is great. I'm a big fan of Fast and Furious movies... For this item (both theatrical and extended versions), I noticed that at one part of the movie (where Dom & Bryan are having conversation that they will do the final job and disappear forever), the film stopped at the part of Dom's line "...forever with no sound and continued again.
 I ordered and received the blu ray on time but it would not play. It kept freezing up and one time it stopped and returned to the main menu on it's on. I contacted Amazon and they promptly returned my money including shipping and even provide a return lapel at their expense. I was not happy with the disc but I am very pleased as to how I was treated by Amazon and I continue to purchase from them. I just wish that everyone treated their customers with the same level of customer satisfaction that Amazon does. They are a very reputable site and I am very pleased with them. I shop their site all of the time and just recently bought Richy Rich and two car alarm remotes and they were top notch products.
 I don't know why so many people like this movie.Sure it had cool cars but that alone doesn't make it a good movie.I thought it was boring.I usually like Dwayne Johnson but I just didn't like him in this movie.I didn't really care for any of the characters except for Han.He's the only reason I gave this movie 2 stars instead of 1.Maybe If I was a guy or if I was into racing,I would've like it better.This movie was to long and I was glad when it was over.
 It was an entertaining movie and I'd watch it again, because of the action.  I found the dialog to be a bit corny and some of the behavior unnecessary (you found the hideout and they're on satellite.  Is it necessary to be fly'n thru the streets and bouncing around in your armored cars to get to their location?)
 Worst out of the "Fast franchise. Outrageously unrealistic. The whole thing was ridiculous. Would not waste my time on this.
 This film is a great example of why discriminating movie buffs could care less if hollywood fell off a cliff. There is absolutely NO TALENT in screen writing these days. These folks seem to think that all we need is a lot of BS stunts and CGI effects and we'll just drop to our knees in praise of them. As one other reviewer clearly observed, the stunts and some of the story line were SO ridiculus until it made the whole story unbelievable and utterly unrealistic. When I'm watching a supposedly non-fiction movie the one thing I absolutely can not stand is to have my intelligence insulted!  This movie does this hands down, so much so until it should receive an honor for its efforts.  In my opinion, Rock, Vin and Tyrese gave the best acting efforts...very matured and natural acting skills. I really like Paul Walker but he should take more acting classes because a lot of his lines sound too artificial...sounds like he forces his delivery too much.  Their ridiculus stunts were too much for me, they borrowed scenes from Clear and Present Danger (the ambush that killed all of Rock's men but curiously kept him alive eventhough he was in the middle of the street with NO protection against rapid gun fire), and, to me, borrowed too much from the Ocean's 11 & 12 themes (with the crew of 7 or 8 guys that all had different specialties, tired). The two Challengers that pulled a bank vault at high speed down the highway was just stupid...no snapped cabled, no rear ends being jerked out, not to mention the overwhelming effect the massive vault-weight would have had on the cars themselves.  It just got dumb at that point.  It was amazing to see that Brazil had Dodge police cars like America...I really didn't know that. I also thought it strange that a DEA task force of 4 or 5 men could come into another country and operate all willy-nilly without ANY cooperation with the hosting country other than one "translator that ends up being Vin's love interest at the end credits. I'd like to see some other country come into America and try that!  Anyway, glad I didn't reward hollywood with a box office receipt for this (this is the main reason I don't spend money at the theatres today). There's worst entertainment for sure, but really disappointing for supposedly a solid franchise, and the fact that this movie took in over $640 million worldwide. What does that say about our moviegoers today?!?!  One last thing, fire the director from future projects for putting crap like this out!  Thanks!
 i have quite a few blurays and hddvd's and they are all uniform height. i have adjusted the shelves to fit them. So i order this bluray and it comes in a FULL SIZE CASE that now will now fit on my shelf. NOT COOL, very dissapointed.
 I'm on the same boat as J.G. I REALLY wanted to like this movie. I am a huge fan of the series having bought the DVDs and the Blurays for all 4 (so far) so I Was really looking forward to this. Throughout the movie there were a lot of suspension of disbelief (as you should) in any movie. Mainly on what cars can and can't do but there are some things that go to far.  If it would have been in the context of fantasy (Harry potter casting a spell and a giant magical elephant pulls the safe out the window, or Yoda uses the force and pulls it out) Then YES by all means I can be like "oh well it's a movie. The force is strong within him". However, when it's 2 real cars pulling a real safe out of a wall I just can't swallow it. I really ruined the movie for me and should for anyone that's ever watched Mythbusters. More than likely they would have just sat there spinning their wheels until their tires exploded or the cable would have snapped.
 Yes its a small issue, but when you buy a Blu Ray it should come in a blu ray case.  All I have are blu rays on my shelf and this one doesn't fit.  Needs to be the little blue jeweled case like all other blu rays.
 This part of the Fast and Furious franchise was the worst of them all to me. Some people may think diferentely about it but I thought it was horrible and too long and drawn out. Hang it up guys.
 I purchased this product because the title of the product advertised "... + Digital Copy in DVD Packaging I was extremely upset and dissapointed when I found that the digital download code had expired and is not redeemable. Misleading Advertisement!!
 pretty darn un realsitic  kinda a cowboy movie with cars  painfully predictable  so un realistic it hurts
 Spoiler!  So just like in any other fast and the furious movies they have stunts and what not that you know a car wouldn't hold up, and wouldn't be drivable after it happen. But the were on the border line believable which made it awesome. Just did some of that movie magic stuff just like in any other movie. In this furious movie it was different. it was good from the start wasn't great just good. Had the normal stunts type stuff cool story line, and seem to have a twist to it different from the other movies, but then there was the last seen. The last stunt. It just totally ruined the whole movie or me.  In the movie the say it's a 10 ton safe or some outrageous number. That's 20,000lbs. Also it's concreted into the wall of a building so it might as well be 100 tons. A peterbuilt semi might be able to get it to move, maybe just maybe, but 2 dodge chargers with hemis are not even going to budge it. I doubt the differential would even hold up, also you would need something a lot heavier then a 2 ton car, a couple of muscle cars doesn't even come close to having enough torque/horsepower/weight to move it. No matter what engine mods you did to it, even if they were four wheel drive it still wouldn't have enough grip, power, strength to move it. A dodge truck with the 5.9 cummins in it wouldn't even have enough, and that makes more torque then the chargers could ever even think about.  I understood it was a movie also the other movie had "fake stuff in it just like any movie does, but they made it seem like it could possibly happen, but when they had those 10 ton safes were whipping around on the road like they were ten cans that was just stupid. Defies all laws of physics period. I probably won't even buy the movie even though I own all the other ones.  Now saying the stunt could happen. Say they did pull the safes out of the wall with a couple of dodge chargers.  For anyone who has towed anything that weighs more then what the vehicle towing it weighs. The trailer normally ends up controlling your car and you not controlling your vehicle. It'll pull you all over the road and everything else. Unless you just got like five miles an hour to your destination. Now these cars are just whipping these 20 ton safes around like they are tin cans, and it doesn't even come close to pulling their car in a direction they don't want it to.  The whole thing was just bogus and ruined the whole fast and the furious movie for me...  Now if you can get over the fact of simple physics, and don't look too much into that then you would probably like the movie.
 **1/2  "Fast Five, so named because it is the fifth entry in the highly lucrative "Fast and Furious franchise, finds our intrepid band of car-racing criminals, played by Vin Diesel , Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster, masterminding a heist against a South American crime lord played by Joaquim de Almeida .  Wayne Johnson joins the cast as an American Secret Service agent hot on the trio's trail.  Replete with wafer-thin characters, corny one-liners, substandard acting and muddled moral messaging, the movie culminates in a spectacular, though really rather ludicrous, car chase through the streets of Rio de Janeiro.  Strictly for aficionados of vroom-vroom storytelling.
 Movie was absolutely good. But I was very disappointed to find out it was a rental and it did not permit me enjoy the extras (features or bonus). I will surely read betternext time. I felt cheated.
 If you've spent years yearning to see a woman masturbate to the images of spooky 3-D clowns while sitting in a pool of her own urine, then, brother, Frightworld is your perverted dream come true.  For the rest of us, Frightworld is - at best - 103 minutes of pure cinematic torture.  It's a pity because the film does have a unique hook - it was filmed in Buffalo at Eerie Production's Frightworld, "a dark ride amusement featuring five different haunted houses, live costumed actors and state of the art special lighting and sound effects.  Having access to one of the country's most popular haunted attractions obviously helped the filmmakers out budget-wise, but I don't think the scares of "Frightworld the Amusement transfer over very well to film.  I found the abundance of visual effects (flashing sequences of images, strobing lights, etc.) more annoying than anything else, but at least now I better understand why the film was shot in this manner.  Speaking of annoyances, there's the loud heavy metal soundtrack that, on a number of occasions, drowned out some of the film's dialogue.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, though, as said dialogue is so bad that I couldn't help but wince at some of the characters' lines, especially early on when the cast apparently set out to break the Guinness world record for the most lame sexual innuendoes crammed into a single scene.  What about the gore, you ask?  There's definitely plenty of blood and gore to go around, I'll grant you that, but I didn't find it exceedingly realistic (especially when it came in the form of extended minutes of flashing images).  After a bloody introduction to Verden Fell (Gary Marzolf), a serial killer of 29 victims cut down in the prime of his murderous life, we join Jack (Andrew Roth) and a group of his exceedingly non-conformist friends in the warehouse holding all of the goodies from the famed Frightworld amusement park of yesteryear (which just so happens to be the location where Verden Fell died).  Jack is set to reopen the place in a couple of weeks, and we are among the first to endure his grand tour of the environs.  Of course, these crazy kids can't go too long without stopping to get drunk, smoke the biggest doobies on the planet, and - of course - pair off in couples to fornicate.  By this point, you're halfway through this overly long movie and - if you're like me - seriously considering pulling all of your hair out, downing a bottle of drain cleaner, and running stark naked out into the night in the grips of utter madness.  Finally, and not a moment too soon, the killing begins, and the movie actually becomes almost watchable.  I found a number of the murders somewhat confusing, though.  When I clearly see X kill Y, I can't help but be confused when the body, when discovered, ends up being that of X rather than Y.  On top of that, I know there's some sort of soul transference thing going on, but that's just one of many aspects of this film that doesn't work very well at all, in my opinion.  It's difficult to figure out which is worse
 Viewers beware, this is just a bad imitation from the original Korean blockbuster - "Old Boy".
 yeah, yeah, yeah we know this is the big Hollywood version..but you have to see the original Playhouse 90 version, with Cliff Robertson and Piper Laurie!! its available on VHS (I have it) and 10 times better than this retread....Piper Laurie was incredible...CLiff Robertson says that when he lost the film version to Lemmon, Lemmon said "I didn't think you'd be able to play comedy"...to which Robertson replied; "I didn't think 'Days of Wine & Roses' was a comedy"..it's all there in the supplemental material on the VHS....see it instead of this version!!
 When playing the DVD the voices were nearly inaudible. I had to turn the volume to maximum and even then it was difficult to understand the words in quite a few places.  Guests watching the DVD agreed that the problem was significant.
 I'm sorry but despite some brilliant acting performances from Hopkins and Thompson this has got to be one of the most BORING movies I've ever tried to sit through. Don't be fooled by artsy film snobs, this one is a snoozer. And oh by the way, the tenacious "loyalty, devotion and integrity of Hopkins character that so many critics think is the cornerstone of the film, is in my opinion, distracting and ridiculous.
 "2-Headed Shark Attack is the latest ridiculous sea monster flick from The Asylum. Before you can even get to the film there's an intro from The Asylum bragging how they have done over 100 of these cheesy disaster films so far, and the beauty is that if you've seen one you pretty much know what's going to happen in any of the others
 There are good cheesy movies that are so bad, they're fun to watch and then there are cheesy movies that are just bad.  2-HEADED SHARK ATTACK falls in-between. Carmen Electra as a doctor?  Charlie O'Connell as a marine biologist?  Yeah, totally believable---LOL. We have a slew of college students with huge boobs or six-pack abs stranded on an atoll stalked by the hilarious two-headed shark.  The cast is awful; the effects are terrible; and the direction uninspired and inept.  The Asylum boasts a catalogue of 100 films, most of them easily forgettable. There are a few laughs and the ladies are some of the worst screamers committed to celluloid.  Rent don't buy!!
 Bad special effects, a shark with two heads which both manage to roar while underwater, poor acting, dumb dialogue and delivery of it, and more!  All very silly but worth a cheap rental just to make fun of it.
 This is the tragic tale of an upset hungry shark who is a mastermind misunderstood genius, and had several powers.  The first power was how it would constantly chomp two people at once, and the two people were always the perfect distance apart to line up beautifully with each mouth.  Cosmic synchronicity, or an example of pure shark predatory genius?  We know the true answer.  Next, the shark was able to change size immediately.  It would smash an entire boat in its jaws (actually it causes a whole island to sink by crashing its head into the underwater land-part and biting biting biting it), then five seconds later it was sneaking up on people standing in three feet of water.  Obviously it had the secret power to grow and shrink itself, and also the skill of teleporting.  Then, the shark could also regenerate, because when it lost one of its heads - the left one - it would miraculously grow it back while the right head went away.  It kept switching missing heads, because reptiles do that, and sharks and reptiles are the same.  It was also attracted to electricity from big engines because electricity made it mad, but it always managed to go out of its way to chew on people.  Hm.  Hey wait a sec.  I guess the island must have had a crazy invisible electrical charge because the shark was very very angry at the island and kept attacking it when it had nothing else to do.  The shark bit a guy's leg off, flipped his body into the air with its tail, then launched out of the water to grasp him cleverly in both jaws and rip him apart.  I wanted to give the shark 10 out of 10 for gorgeous synchronized chomping.  Next, the shark hid inside a tsunami and flooded the island before and after making the island sink.  The coeds all hid in a floating church that suddenly appeared.  At one point a dude was hitting the shark in the head(s) with a wooden cross that fell off the wall, then they tried to explode it with a plastic barrel and stab it in the eye by going to the blind spot between its heads.  But neither worked because the shark is too tricky and smart for silly humans.  No explanation for how or why it had two heads, which was the most pressing unanswered question, because that was clearly the root of all its issues and unhappiness.  When it finally died by biting the engine of another annoying electric boat engine, which caused it to explode, there was a sense of injustice and loss that will take months to recover from.  And no answers, now or ever.  The "stars were Carmen Electra's halter top and a series of well-filled-out bikinis, plus Jerry O'Connell's brother.  But we all know the true star
 If you only care for seeing hot girls in their bikinis - this is your movie! That's the only reason why I gave it 2 stars instead of one. I have never seen such a movie have so many girls in bikinis all throughout the movie.  The movie itself is horrible made. The shark is a joke. The story is really bad. The CGI is horrible. But, the extras and actors they used were hot!!!!  The shark is mostly CGI, but it is done really bad. You won't believe it at all. And, then when it comes up to attack it's a badly made puppet.  The worse acting I have every seen! The acting is so bad, I hated see and hearing them talk. You won't believe anything they say. They sound like they are reading every line just before they shot every scene they did.  --Spolier Alert--  The story really doesn't make much sense at the end. The shark is in the wining situation and everyone should had died based on how they set up their storyline up to that point. The last group of people about 6 people were left. They have no why to get off the island. The island is sinking fast. The shark will kill them once they go underwater.  But, now suddenly, when it came down to the last group of people, the island isn't sinking as fast as before. They somehow find a cabin half sunk and they run inside. Three of the 6 members don't make it, where they died and the other 3 escape outside the cabin.  Now they are just in the middle of the island and it's still have sunk. They suddenly have a gas barrel flow by them and surprise their still a lot of gas inside. Now, all they have to do is set up a trap and have the shark take the barrel and make it light up and blow up. Well, somehow it doesn't go that way and the main star, she still lived by fighting it off??? Not possible because she was just in the middle of the shark's  two heads hacking at it with a stick! What??? The other girls had a gun and she still didn't live? What luck?  Then, the main star gets away and the shark actually eats the barrel and it blow up without any light or fire at all underwater too. But only one head blew up. Then, the last two people makes the shark go after a boat and the shark bites the boat propellers and the whole thing just blows up??? Why??? The gas barrel was gone. Just bitting the propellers wouldn't make the boat blow up because the shark did that to so many other boats before, but this boat must be one crazy boat because this time, it blew up.  The movie makes no sense!!! Don't buy or watch this thing!
 *Spoilers*  In the opening scene this 2-headed CGI shark swallows two girls whole. Then later in the film it attacks a group of kids in about three to four feet of water!?!? It seemed to drastically change sizes throughout this awful, albeit humorous film.  I think the moment that made me laugh hysterically is when the kids' teacher scratches his leg, falls down on the ground and screams like a 3 year old little girl. I also like the fact that their ship is sinking and the one left in charge (Carmen Electra) decides the best course of action is to sun bathe.  Awful CGI, horrible wooden acting from a cast that I couldn't wait to see as shark chum and an incredibly stupid plot, (with MANY plot holes) kills this one almost from the start.
 FIRST OFF I LOVE BROOKE HOGAN...BUT MY DAUGHTER IS IN LOVE WITH SHARK MOVIES SOO I WAS LIKE WE HAVE TO GET THIS FOR HER... SHE IS 5 AND EVEN SHE HATED IT .. I HAVE TO SAY THE BOOBS IN THIS MOVIE AND THE GRLS KISSING WAS A LIL TOO MUCH FOR MY KID BUT ALL IN ALL SHE LOVED THE SHARK BUT THAT WAS IT THE MOVIE IN SOME SCENES HAD CARTOONISH QUALITY. I LOVE THE FACT THAT BROOKE HOGAN LOOKS BORED THROUGH THE WHOLE MOVIE AND ALOT BITCHY..LOL.. IM GLAD SHE DIDNT DIE BUT PLEASE DONT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH THIS MOVIE OR EVEN YOURSELF... IT TOOK 2 HOURS OUT OF MY LIFE...
 Let me be clear by this proclamation. I am a true-blue dyed in the wool science fiction fan, and Alphaville is among many top 100 lists as the best in this genre. The annals of Sci-Fi have decreed this movie a classic and pretty much required viewing for us SF fans. I get that this is a film steeped heavily into the 1960's New Wave movement in French cinema.I get this is a Godard film. I get the film's allegory, imagery, impressionism, underlying message and I even get some of the literal and cinematic references peppered in the film. However in my eyes, in the way I see and enjoy films, Alphaville is pretty weak.  This movie is more of an avantgarde art house film instead of a science fiction movie. Now please understand I am not speaking for the art house enthusiasts or cinema intellectual who can appreciate this film for many, many underlying themes and subtle undertones. I am speaking for the general science fiction genre fan and am writing this review for you. The first thing you need to consider is Jean-Luc Godard is not your standard film director. His films were all about defying the convention of his day. Many of his films focused on the existentialism of social issues. Alphaville follows the same agenda. Only this time using a classic noir theme placed in a futuristic setting. For a Fci-Fi literalist (if you accept such a thing) like me these things aren't enough and must be combined with something more. This is where I feel Alphaville lacks.  When I say the film is futuristic this only refers in the very basic of levels. Alphaville has no futuristic sets or settings and has hardly any discernible futuristic technology. The city of Alphaville is simply Paris and all the devices are modern day items of the era. Our hero Lemmy Caution (Eddie Constantine) goes around taking pictures with an Instamatic camera and fights with a Colt automatic pistol. Vehicles and events of the time are called out by name as if they are part of the future with no explanation. On this level the whole movie has this vibe like the adults are pretending it's the future when it's not. Like kids would do in a neighborhood outing pretending to be space cadets. Much of the film's dialog was improvised, as is Godard's standard practice. This also lends to that feel of the actors pretending to be in Alphaville. All of this pretense of course is intentional as Godard was only using the veil of a futuristic society as a means to illustrate his social commentary on today's society. However for a sci-fi fan like me it's a bit grating to see such an utter lack of consistency with the world Godard claims to create.  The next limitation to me is the story itself. Dystopic societies abound in science fiction, and while Godard's example is quite interesting on paper the execution feels heavy handed. Alphaville is a society controlled by a master computer that criminalizes concepts of individuality, and in turn art, poetry and emotion. The inhabitants are practically brainwashed. Lemmy is tasked to find the creator of that computer and later incapacitate said computer. Later it is learned that brainwashed individuals leave for other civilizations to incite revolts discourse. Lemmy ends up stopping the computer using it's own logic against it (sorry for the spoiler). All this sounds pretty cool until you see how it's executed. Most of the information I just said comes from what feels like casual dialog. This applies to both major plot points and and tertiary dialog throughout the film that is intended to give you a taste of the world of Alphaville.  The way the movie moves doesn't help either. Many scenes change with the pacing of someone moving from one room to the next. At least that's what it feels like. You're just placed in a scene with very little setup. Then there are the odd little instances that seem to just come out. Lemmy would get attacked out of nowhere and as quick as the attack comes he shoots them dead and then walks off casually as if the dead guys just asked him for a cigarette. There is the execution scene where people give their last proclamation while standing on a diving board, get killed via firing squad, then have synchronized swimmers collect the body. Then there is what I call the Eternity perfume commercial scene where Lemmy and his love interest Natacha (Anna Karina) wax poetic on existentialism. You get scenes like these that not only break what little flow the film has, but do so with little rhyme or reason other than to be one of Godard's cinematic "gotchas defying convention and linking underlying metaphor (even at the bemusement of a coherent script).  Continuity also irks me in Alphaville. Since we are talking about actors "pretending it's the future apparently going from one galaxy to another means getting in your car and driving the expressway. There is even a driving scene where, according to the events of the film, there should be no other cars out. I can forgive this movie's filming mistakes like seeing film crew in full view of the camera, but Godard could have at least tried to make his environment consistent with his script.  Music is the connection a film makes to your emotions. A good score will enhance the feeling and vibe of a scene to such a degree that makes the movie all the more memorable. You don't get that here. Instead composer Paul Misraki opted for capitalizing on a single musical effect that was used in detective noir and thrillers as a means to inspire suspense. Only Misraki uses this effect all the freakin' time. It's essentially the only music you hear in the entire film. I am assuming this is intentional as a means to go over the top musically. Intentional or not it's as much boring as it is annoying.  Now in all of this criticism I cannot deny some of the interesting cinematography I find in some of the scenes like the extended camera shot in the beginning of the film. Nor can I deny the excellent use of shading and composition in one of the scenes I previously ridiculed. I also will not deny being intrigued by so many literary references planted in the film. These things are also Godard's trademarks and he does them well. Unfortunately this is not enough for me to call this good science fiction.  This Criterion release looks as good as I would bet you could find anywhere for this film. I do notice visually the film doesn't look pristine, but I am assuming this is due to the source material and not Criterion's efforts. Audio is in French with English subtitles and for a monophonic track is clear with very little distortion. I would have liked to have experienced an English dub on this film and wonder if the translated track may have helped the flow of some of that dialog. There isn't any extra features on this disk, but there are liner notes that give you a good deal more than your standard insert.  Interestingly enough I will bet many of you would chide me regarding my remarks reminding me Alphaville wasn't intended to be good science fiction, and that much of the heavy handedness, pseudo Sci-Fi and awkward scenes I mentioned were all intentional and should be regarded as a quality instead of a shortcoming. But keep in mind this review is based on viewing this film from the standpoint of viewing science fiction cinema, as it is represented an accepted as such. As a fan of Sci-Fi to other fans of Sci-Fi I have to say watch this movie with a hefty grain of salt. Also you need to go into this film with a very open mind and look beyond the aesthetics and even story to get what many critics and lovers of this film find in it. Even then you will not find a very good Sci-Fi film.
 This French snooze- fest from 1965 and acclaimed director Jean-Luc Godard is baffling to say the least.  Evidently, Godard meant this to be a spoof of many of the sci-fi/spy movies of the time.  Our lead Lemmy Caution - there's a giveaway - is played by dog ugly actor Eddie Constantine.  Somehow Lemmy attracts young lovelies and thugs trying to kill him with the same ease.  What's going on?  The world of Alphaville is an off-world...uh...world that you can drive to even if it's not our world, or something like that.  This film is a Criterion release which suggests it has historical significance.  It also is praised by critics.  I just couldn't stay awake and don't understand what all the fuss is about.
 I rented this movie and thought my TV was not working because the color was all faded and I turned the knobs and the dials but I still could not get the color to work.  So I think this movie has real bad color.  At any rate it has a guy named Lemmy who says, "Lemme tell you this and lemme tell you that! and he was always telling me things even when his lips were not moving.  And then he meets a pretty girl but she just kind of walks around in the movie really bored until Mister Lemmy says, "Lemme introduce you to the director.  He is French!  And then Lemmy talks to a light bulb.  A really big light bulb.  And the light bulb talks back.  Well Lemmy tell you this!  One star for the pretty girl.  One star for the talking light bulb.  But zero stars for the color.
 This old TV special is made up from 10 cartoons, using only about 3 minutes of that cartoon.  It would have gotten 5 stars if the cartoons were complete.  For some unexplained reason the Easter Bunny calls Granny to tell her that he is sick & unable to distribute Easter Eggs.  Granny thinks Bugs Bunny would be a good substitute, so she goes down to the Warner Brothers Studio where Bugs is filming 3 minute segments to complete his cartoons.  Here she must sit through the various filmings & screenings of Looney Tunes Cartoon segments to try to talk to Bugs. The new animation is pretty poor & Mel's vocal work is weak (well he is older).  It is hard to realize that this poor material was produced & directed by veteran Looney Toonists FRIZ FRELENG & BOB McKIMSON.  Oh, and since this was for the kiddies, all gunshots by Elmer Fudd have been edited out of the TV Special. (NOT by Warner for the DVD.)  Cartoon clips used from
 Wow.  Three previous reviews... all 5 stars.  Hmmm.  One reveiwer was in it, and one knows one of the people in it.  Can't blame them for wanting the best, but....    Well, it isn't quite that good.  Now it's no where near as bad as some of the indie zombie flicks that have come out lately, but we have a long way to go before we hit "great territory.    It's a nice premise, a cautionary tale about cloning and religion and war.  But even allowing for the lack of budget and experience in the cast and crew, there are a few things which really hampered my enjoyment of the film.    First, there is more stock footage used here (mostly of war) then in any movie outside of Ed Wood's collection.  The movie is only a little over an hour long, and literally a good quarter of that is stock footage.    Then there are the action scenes.  Especially for the first 2/3's of the film, whenever someone is attacked by one of the zombie/clones, the footage rapidly (and I do mean rapidly) jumps between different shots.  The cuts are so jarring that it is nearly impossible to get a sense of what is happening.  Afterwards, the characters will say something like "Stevie was dragged into the woods!  Well I'm glad they told me that, because I sure didn't see it.  Maybe it was done because it's very hard to make a fight scene look realistic, and this effect would cover it up.  Or maybe they just thought it looked cool.  I didn't.    Finally, with about 15 minutes left, the movie switches to a silent movie format.  No dialogue, just people occasionally mouthing words while caption cards appear and distorted music plays.  Why?  I don't know.  It's a seemingly random ploy that comes out of nowhere.    But at least this movie ... tries.  Unlike certain other low budget recent releases which I won't name(cough cough "Zombiez cough "Corpses are Forever cough).  If it didn't try to be so quirky and arbitrary in it's presentation, I might have gone up as high as 3 1/2 stars.  Give it a look if you like, just don't expect 5 stars.
 not much action nor history but marginally better than their other films...Another day at an reenactment..except your feet don't hurt after..
 Have many blu-rays.  Lots of concerts.  A lot of hype has been written about this blu-ray concert, so I bought it without hesitation.  Now about 2 years later, I have watched it ONCE.  Boring.  Boring.  Try renting it.  Not for everyone.
 This tape is good and we all love the songs but the tape is only 15 minutes long...kind of a dud really.... thank you...
 This is an absolutely terrible movie, but well worth having in the collection if only to see Jack Nicholson slim and with hair and young. Made in 5 days, yes only 5 days, on the sets used for The Raven, this is one of the best bad films ever made, and as such is hugely enjoyable. Consider it as part of Corman's Edgar Allen Poe series and you will know what you are getting.It's quite short too.....
 Not the actual movie I was looking for, but an ok 70s flick. It was a good 'B' flick. Seemed drawn out though.
 Why is this a pick for some film festivals?  Looking for something different, and not much available I suppose.  Starts off being overly salacious. Keeps a bit of that throughout.  The directing is herky, jerky and not very real.  Characters are similar.  Acting is poor at best.  Story is a bit off kilter and perhaps the only redeeming quality.  But so much of the basic interaction is wholly unbelievable.  Quality of video at least as a streaming Amazon  movie is poor.  Kept wanting to like it, but never could.  Cliched and no real redeeming value, no intrigue, no real reason to watch it.  Don't waste your time, better stuff is out there.
 The third installment of the popular  Beverly Hills Cop  series is like a distant relative who comes to stay with you. At first, you're glad to see them and catch up on old times, but they sure wear out their  welcome fast. This film reaches that point after about fifteen  minutes. Eddie Murphy is back as Alex Foley, the increasingly improbable  fish-out-of-water detective from Detroit. Once again, Axel is doing battle  with the law enforcement establishment, the Beverly Hills Police  Department, and the Bad Guys who killed his friend. Sound familiar? Even  Serge (Bronson Pinchot) is back, in a desperate, painful scene that seems  to go on forever. The direction, by veteran Murphy helmer John Landis, is  acceptable, showing Landis' usual flair for pacing and stunts. The  screenplay by the usually reliable Steven deSouza, though, is woefully  half-baked. It is never clear what the tone of the picture is supposed to  be. The action scenes are very off-hand and frequently played for laughs,  while the comedy scenes are forced and unfunny. The story never builds the  sense of jeopardy and conflict that is essential to a film of this type. It  is neither a laugh riot, nor is it even remotely suspenseful. Also, any  film that makes Hector Elizondo--one of the best character actors  around--look bad has some serious problems. There are two good things  about  Cop III.  One is an excellent action sequence set on an  amusement park Ferris wheel. That is the only exciting part of the film.  The other thing I liked was the series of cameos by a variety of famous  film directors (like George Lucas), a typical Landis gag. It at least gives  you something to look for in some pretty boring scenes.
 Beverly Hills Cop needed no introduction. It was one of the best action comedies of 1984. It helped usher Eddie Murphy into the mainstream and reigned supreme 1984. Beverly Hills Cop II was pretty good. A little over the top but still fun. It complimented Tony Scott's style of film-making and it also captured the essense of the 80s. This monstrosity is instantly forgettable from start to finish.  A bust goes horribly wrong and Inspector Todd(Gilbert R Hill) is killed. Axel(Eddie Murphy) traces the killer known as Ellis De Wald(Timothy Carhart) to a cheesy Disney knock-off called Wonderworld where Ellis De Wald is the supervisor.  Where do I start first? Axel Foley doesnt even feel like Axel Foley(kind of like how Big Top Pee Wee is different from the Pee Wee of Big Adventure). Eddie spends the whole movie looking like he cant grasp what his character is supposed to be. Gone is the tenacious but silly cop that annoyed his target. He is replaced by a guy who is so laid back in his demeanor that he gets boring to watch after a while.  The only returning characters are Inspector Todd(but he gets killed in the beginning) and Rosewood(Judge Reinhold). Taggart is gone and so is Sgt. Bogomil. That was the tipoff that this movie was DOA.  The first two BHC movies had pretty good villians considering the time period. Victor Maitland and The Alphabet Killer were good villians but Ellis De Wald is awful. No disrespect towards Timothy Carhart but he was pretty hammy and his mater plan was weak and showed laziness on behalf of the writers. Using an amusement park to make counterfeit cash? How lame is that.  The movie is rarely funny and bringing back Serge(Bronson Pinochet) was a cheap attempt to make us remember the first interaction that Serge and Axel Foley had in the first movie. There is one redeeming moment in this movie
 Beverly Hills Cop III is the worst in what was a promosing action comedy franchise. Murphy was in a carrer slump and I guess he made this film to help out his carrer but it didn't help just sunk it deeper. The film is full of mistakes such as the loss of Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckhiemer a weak script and a lack of action. John Landos who worked with Murphy before and made good films fails here. The film needed a good action director like Renny Harlin,Dwight H. Little or even Karthyn Bigelow who were all at the top of their game back in 94. Skip this one even if you're a die hard Murphy fan.
 Beverly Hills Cop III is the last installment in an awesome trilogy where nonstop laughter and action occurs. The first 2 are classics and the original is especially a definite must see.  But, this one isn't at all as good as the first two. But....  THe movie is fairly descent with some ok action and funny moments but there aren't enough funny moments and the action is cheesy. Plus the whole movie basically takes place in a theme park. Yeah, a place like Disneyland called Wonderworld. So, I was sitting down, listening to some stupid theme song go off every second. I was about to rip my hair out. I mean, it was annoying. Also, R rated movies shouldn't take place in a theme park! It just seemed too babyish. On top of it, it's just such a dissapointment to me because the first 2 were classic and this one was a horrible end to the trilogy. If you watch this without watching the first 2, you'll like it better than me. And for those of you giving it 4 or 5 stars, come on! THe Wonderworld setting alone screwed it over!  Watch the first 2 and act like this doesn't even exist because even though it isn't the worst movie ever, it is a horrid end to the trilogy and an affront to the first two.
 Forgive me for using part of my review for the original film to explain my rating  for the sequels. "When Eddie Murphy took the world by storm, he was pretty much able to do whatever he wanted in movies. After a few extremely funny films, Eddie took a shot at the action genre and while the Beverly Hills Cop series does succeed on some levels, it falls short because Eddie just isn't that good of a serious actor.  This film may seems familiar, almost 48 hours-ish, but with nowhere near the wit. Part three isn't all that bad, but considering the first two films weren't great to begin with, this film seems pretty unnecessary. I like the theme park location, but it isn't used to it's advantages. If you're expecting LOL funny Murphy, then this is going to disappoint you. Eddie looks like a kid playing cops and robbers in these films and while they are not meant to be taken completely seriously, they are played serious enough that we must believe Murphy is this character, which we do not! While I didn't find this film to be a complete waste of time, I didn't find it all that memorable either.
 Murphy returns as Axel Foley, yet again, in the third installment of the popular series. As often the case by the third movie, this series has lost pretty much all its steam. Foley is no longer that funny, (in fact, at times, he is uncharacteristicly angry), major players like John Ashton, Ronny Cox, and Paul Reiser are gone, and that cool feel to Foley's presence is all but gone. This time, Axel's boss in Detriot bites the bullet meaning no silly excuse for leaving town or crazy schemes to cover up the fact that he's gone. Hell, he doesn't even use some clever idea to get into the park for free like he did before, he just whines about ticket prices and comes back to pay. Terrible. This character just isn't the same as he once was. There are a few fun moments here and there but Beverly Hills Cop III. is definetly the very least of the series.
 If you are well versed in scripture and possess Wisdom and Knowledge, you will not be pleased with this movie.  The knowledge offered in this movie is watered down with doubts. There is no hard hitting truth, and the outcome is unrealistic. Look else where for truth to build on. This is not a resource for the watch of Him who comes like a thief in the night. I would say that this movie deserves 2 stars.
 This one is about a group of surviving Kryptonians, living in the flying Argo City and one of them happens to be Superman's cousin! The thing that really dissappointed me about this one was the horrid story. The idea of  Supergirl coming to earth in pursuit of a magic Kryptonian device only to  get in a ridiculous love triangle between a gardener and nutty witch is  pretty dumb for a superhero film. While Supergirl does have some okay  moments, the conjured up monsters and the sfx for them were blurry and  difficult to understand. Also, the inclusion of Jimmy Olsen, while  interesting, doesn't seem to fit in anywhere.Lucy Lane was a good idea  though. Overall I was dissappointed by this movie, but the only reason I  gave it 2 stars was because of Helen Slater's one of a kind portrayal of  Supergirl. Watch it, but don't expect to see a super-movie.
 I watched this film because of the many glowing reviews of it which you can find here.  Micheal Caine does a fine job portraying the relentless Jack Carter.  He is very steely and cool, and brutal, and manipulative.  Unfortunately, the film takes a very long time to get mildly interesting, and none of the characters are very likeable.  I found it hard to believe Jack Carter's motive.  Why would a man like him even care about his own brother?  The film evokes one or two gasps, but no cheers.  It is a seedy and ugly cloud, with no silver lining.  Edgy as this film is, it would have been more interesting to me if Carter had gotten away with it.  But then the film might have caused a moral outrage.  So, instead, the screenwriters have Carter make a stupid fatal mistake.  Sigh.  Great as Caine is, he can't save this picture from the distasteful and unromantic world it _slowly_ portrays.
 MY RATING- 6.3 This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine. The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music! However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers first season star Ian Hendry. Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
 This is one of those even-less-than-low low budget films of the late seventies.  It's just your typical sorority house boob-fest with a lot of unknown actresses and actors.  The only familiar actor I've seen in this film was Danny Bonaduce (from The Partridge Family).  Lots of topless nudity, adding hope to all that atrocious bad acting from every character.  But still, I'd never miss a cheesy, campy, ditzy girls-gone-wild eye-candy film to kill some time on my weekends while having a few beers.  It's up there (well, maybe down there) with Pom Pom Girls, The Van, and the such for typical low budget politically incorrect "babe fests".
 I so wanted this movie to be great.  Or even good.  But it's neither.  In fact, it borders on being down right bad.  Stiff acting, tired premise, laughable special effects.  I give it two and a half stars, though, because it did magage to hold my interest.
 The Cardinal has one of the great soundtracks of any film of this size/length, and it has John Huston, about whom the entire film should have been about. A lying, prevaricating, domineering, proud, greedy, irreligious prelate that reflects what we know today about Cardinals and Bishops and Popes. Huston hits the mark of our time over and over, but the focus of this film is essentially the church justifying its fascism for God wants it that way for the time being, a fascism that includes the exclusion of all truth, so that scandals abound, but they are part of the crosses the Church must bear as well as create. Lies, truth, sex, power, embezzlement,etc etc are all in the hands of the church to do with as it wills. Too bad then\ laity disagrees, but they'll come around in time.  I wonder what God thinks of all this? The Catholic Church would say,"If God disagrees, write out a big check for Him. He'll take it. I just saw this movie on late-night TV. Here's my take with no references or research. I'm stunned that anyone could love this movie except as pure camp or 70s relic. Stilted acting, odd editing, novice cinematography, simple direction, cheaply made. One star. As a campy b-movie
 I don't mean to berate the great Jim Danforth, but this is an extremely low budget rip-off of The 7TH Voyage of Sinbad. The legend is that producer Edward Small turned down Harryhausen's pitch for 7th Voyage. Ray went to Columbia, and the finished product was a huge hit, making 12 mill in America alone in 1958!! Small probably kicked himself a few times, and decided to make an exact duplicate of the film at MGM. He hired the same director (Nathan Juran) and same stars (Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher).Unfortunately, the animation models were not of the quality of Sinbad, and the stop motion is rushed (Small had a very tight budget. The result is a fun film for kids, but fantasy film fanatics do not regard this as a classic. Jack (Mathews) must rescue a possessed Princess from an evil sorcerer who wants to take over the Kingdom. Columbia actually sued Small for ripping off Sinbad, and the film remained in limbo for many years. In the late 80's, MGM turned the movie into a musical!!!!!! They dubbed over dialogue and made it look like the characters are singing! This version was shown on the Disney channel for a few years, and it is a sight to behold. In the mid ninties, MGM restored the film for a VHS release, and now the "widescreen DVD. There is some controversy regarding the films original aspect ratio (see stopmotionanimation.com). Kids will enjoy, but stop motion fans regard this film as a footnote in history.
 Jack the Giant Killer could be considered an adult version of an old English fairytale, Jack and the Beanstalk "Fee-fie-foe-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman", or Walt Disney's delightful 1947 movie version Mickey & the Beanstalk. Jack the Giant Killer is more about Boy meets Girl, Boy saves Girl, Boy falls in love with Girl and I'm not sure if they live happily ever after. Although the Producer Edward Small hired Director Nathan Juran, the handsome hero Kerwin Mathews and the villain Torin Thatcher from the similar and very successful film the 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958), it lacked the most important ingredient, the genius of Ray Harryhausen, master of the motion picture special effects and most famous for his brand of stop-motion model animation. The monsters and fight scenes in Jack the Giant killer are laughable and hardly interesting. A disappointment! Some of the favorite Ray Harryhausen movies that can still be enjoyed today are
 This should have been a better quality production - not sure why it failed to entertain...
 Although the film stars Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher, both from  The 7th Voyage of Sinbad  and is directed by the same director  of that film, Nathan Duran, this is a much weaker film.  The stop-motion  work is nowhere near as polished as Harryhausen's and the score by Paul  Sawtell pales in comparison to the brilliant Herrmann one for the earlier  flick.
 A good deal of scenic travelogue footage fixes the location in this futuristic affair as being an unidentified but exotic Asian island, ipso facto ruled by a villainous technology mogul, Morgan Wells, played in his best deadpan manner by Robert Hays, who has financed development of a preposterous weapon that is engineered to translocate the minds of its outer directed human targets into a permanent condition of virtual reality. Wells' mistress, Rebecca (Alexandra Paul), weary of his harsh treatment of her, steals a CD-ROM which contains encrypted data requisite for the weapon's implementation, with the hope of capitalizing her escape and freedom but understands she will not be able to achieve her objective alone, thereby luring naive Jack Morris (Martin Kemp), navigator aboard the tycoon's yacht, to aid her in her flight. Jack and his Cockney shipmate Manny (Adam Ant) have their shore leave interrupted by Rebecca's plans, particularly so since Morris permits feelings of compassion to bring him into a romantic involvement with the waifish temptress, who induces him into having the stolen data tattooed upon his back within a dragon-like design, and soon Wells and an opposition troupe are literally after Jack's hide (the original title was Sailor's Tattoo). The comic book background of scriptor James Robinson is easily visible throughout this low budget film as there is but meagre development of his characters, and neophtye director Erik Fleming is not yet adept in the craft of pacing, but there are scintillas of wit, and savoury acting turns from James Hong and from Hays as a wryly devilish Wells.
 The movie
 This is a bland little crime drama that screams for a decent story line and script. Two undercover agents(Fred MacMurray and Claire Trevor)try to bust up a drug-smuggling ring in Mexico. The two not knowing the real identity of the other end up falling in love. MacMurray proves he can play any kind of role. Trevor seems out of place and wrong for the part. Raymond Burr plays a heavy in more ways than one. Also in the cast are
 Both my wife and I are into gaming, but not this type of dress-up/act out gaming.  Unlike some other reviewers here, I didn't think the "players gave it their all. They were ignoring "game decorum every 10 seconds or so, so it really made everyone look half-hearted and  silly. There were a few comedic moments here and there which were ok, but the drama was totally uninteresting. Maybe there is a good story here somewhere, but neither my wife nor I could get into this film.  A big thumbs down for us!
 I didn't think this was particularly well done... in comparison with the book it can't hold a candle. I was surprised at the good quality of the film, for being so old. I didn't think that most of the actors looked right for the parts, particularly Kat. And the movie dragged on and on and on.... I guess as I watched it I kept thinking of better ways this could have been filmed to coincide better with the powerful impact of the story.  See it if you like, but I really can't recommend it...
 It hasn't been that long since I rented this movie and I have already forgotten the thing. That might provide a clue as to how good a movie this is. I streamed it via Roku after paying Amazon for the privilege and though I think I paid less than $3.00 to rent it I still feel a bit ripped off. I cannot recommend this movie in any way.
 This could have been a really good sci-fi movie, but it attempts to be "Dawn of the Dead at the end.  And fails miserably.  It's more watchable than the Sci-Fi network's wreck of the week, but not by much.  Good actors hamstrung by an awful script.  Actually, I may have to take that Sci-Fi statement back.  At least you know what's going on, (and probably know the whole movie), within the first few minutes.  This piece of dreck doesn't seem to know where it's going or what's it's all about until half way through this slog.  Confused about the first 2 minutes of the film?  Don't worry.  It ties back in somewhere toward the end.  Assuming you want to wait that long to find out.  Even if it was free, you're better off re-watching "Night of the Living Dead".  You'll feel dead after watching this crap.
 I have a great deal of respect for Werner Herzog and have been moved by many of his films, but unfortunately this isn't one of them.  Stunning visuals.  The Australian Bush is an amazing sight.  An Aboriginal face has something about it that makes you think you're looking back through all 40,000 years of their history, into something wise and mystical.  "Are you enjoying the movie? I was asked after 30 minutes. "I'm still waiting for it to start.  I'm sorry, but there is a sole conflict throughout.  A timely conflict, a timely topic, a very important and worthwhile cause for consideration.  But alas, the characters are as flat as the landscape, and the resolution of the plot is one you can predict before you finish reading the cover blurb.
 I hated it...way too cheesy and I thought she was way too fast and a terrible teacher.
 I hear there are two versions of Mary Poppins' DVD going around - a single layer and a dual layer version. I unfortunately and unknowingly bought the single layer. Middle of the movie, it stops dead, an animated hand appears showing a disc being turned over and you have to leap up and flip your disc for the movie to resume. This is almost sacriledge in any movie but to do it in Mary Poppins is a crime. It kills the flow and destroys the magic. It should be clearly marked on the label if you have to flip your disc. So be warned all
 I wasn't even aware of the Tulsa race riot in north Tulsa in 1921 until in recent years some element tried to get reparation for this horrendous event, nor have I ever heard of the clan operating in Tulsa in these times or in all the years I've lived there. The general public would not tolerate that outrage, so if they're around it's hidden well. The climate you portrayed in the documentary of separation is not accurate. African Americans live, work, and succeed in every part of Tulsa. There is always going to be the poor and disenfranchised, and those who refuse to work or live responsibly, but there are plenty of good families who have lived in north Tulsa with honor and integrity for generations, and they are the ones who suffer the most for the bad element who thrive in north Tulsa neighborhoods.  One part of Tulsa's story that was misspoken by one of the African American speakers in this documentary is that the African Americans are forced to assimilate into south Tulsa by whites. If they want to go to a grocery store or patronize other types of nice stores, or malls, then yes, they have to leave that particular neighborhood, and unfortunately there is a good reason for that. Grocery stores will not locate in the area, especially deep into the north, because they cannot guarantee the safety of their customers, or risk losing their businesses and livelihoods, very possibly their lives, to repetitive robberies and arson. Black on Black crime in north Tulsa is endemic. A mall and grocery stores in years past were robbed so many times by north Tulsa thugs that even African American business owners will not relocate there anymore. One hears the same stories from people who live in places like Watts or south central LA where people have rampaged, rioted, looted and burned their own neighborhoods, including African American owned businesses, and then complain that no one will rebuild there and they have no grocery stores. There is a good, hard working population there, but even they are afraid of the criminal element with entitlement fantasies that have churned out generations of welfare breeders in the numerous projects and run-down neighborhoods full of  blight and boarded-up crack houses. State and city agencies have built projects and allowed Section 8 housing in some of the nicer areas of Tulsa, such as Midtown and South Tulsa, which has since seen much higher crime rates and a feeling of fear in some old middle class areas. I have lived in midtown, south Tulsa and Sand Springs for 32 years, and have seen the safety level and some of the old neighborhoods deteriorate. This is equally hard on the educated and honest African Americans who have worked hard to better their lives and have chosen to move out of the north side, or never lived there. Part of the north side, in the Greenwood area narrowly aligned on the border is coming back with some art galleries, restaurants and pubs.  It's a bad situation for the honest population, but until black leaders and much of the general north Tulsa population who expect government handouts quit blaming whites for all their troubles, and quit accepting the culture of drugs, gangs, and irresponsible layabouts who think everyone owes them a living, will this area and others like it prosper again.
 Although the scenes in the DVD are all beautiful, the editing is the worst I have seen in any travel films. The film shows, or more precisely flashes, constantly moving images so that a viewer may feel dizzy after watching it for a while. Most of the film is aerial photography, and as such, it lacks details. Sometimes I am wondering if this film was made by professional photographers and editors.  On the other end, this set does offer more stuff than any other travel films on Italy. And the price is low, considering the length of this Blue-ray is 11 hours.
 I think it's a nice gift with a nice presentation, but once we watched the dvd it's was a little bit poor. I know italy very well and i have to say that this one it's like a "museum description of the country, and you can not listen to native speakers talk in it's own language...you always have to do it in english...so sad.
 The 2nd collection of James Bond movies was a gift to me. As my title suggests, I do not like movies in mono. They should have re-mastered or done anything they can to not present a movie on DVD in the year 2001 in mono. Rediculuous, IMHO. The movie Dr. No is one of the best Bonds so I have to give the movie pack some positive rating. Plus, DVD is better than VHS so that is a second star. For my money, I would not have spent so much money on 3 of 5 movies in mono. Just not what I'm about. Along the same lines, I bought T2 early on - and it was not remastered at that point for DVD and it sucks as well - even though we all know the content of T2 is among the best. If you can (and if they ever do), I suggest waiting for these to be remastered in 5.1.
 As a lover of Bond films, it is difficult to seriously critique them -- they are what they are.  Unfortunately, some of them are...bad.  Gift set Vol. 1 gets a loving five stars -- Volume 2 -- well, let's face it...it  contains some of the worst of the series.  Dr. No is EXCELLENT, and worth  five stars on its own merit.  A must for any Bond fan because Sean Connery  does a masterful job at portraying James Bond as Ian Fleming wrote him.  On  Her Majesty's Secret Service IS underrated, but I would recommend it only  to the die-hard fan.  Lazenby simply isn't likable enough for the role.  In  other words -- it bores me.  The Spy Who Loved Me -- well done and  deserving of four stars.  One of Moore's finest outings, just behind For  Your Eyes Only and just above Live and Let Die.  The others, The Man with  the Golden Gun (so much potential if ONLY they had gone with the Fleming  version! Doh!) and Moonraker are forgettable garbage that bear little and  sometimes no resemblence to the stories Ian Fleming wrote which could be  forgiven if they had improved on them.  They don't. And I'm not an elitist!  Just because a movie bears no resemblance to its own inspiration does not  automatically mean it is a bad film.  These two films are simply not well  made as far as both story and character.  My condolences to Mr. Moore (he  made a fine James Bond -- the fault was in the writers and filmmakers).  My  advice -- save yourself some money and purchase Dr. No and The Spy Who  Loved Me, which are both well made and enjoyable, separately to compliment  or begin any Bond collection.  Then wait for From Russia With Love.
 I got this for my 7 and 10 year old boys who are really into Robin Hood now.  They watched the old disney movie of Robin Hood and loved it.  However, the picture in this is often very dark making it difficult to see the actors.  Also the sound is very bad.  Some of the plots are a little boring.  But I think my kids would still be okay with watching them if it was better quality.  I wanted something not so violent or fraught with sexual innuendo, which this isn't.  I just wish it was easier to watch.
 Central Park Drifter had potential, but lacked good acting abilities.  DVD has a good cover, nudity, sex, and violence.
 Sometimes, you just want to watch a cheesy horror movie with a ridiculous storyline, lots of bad acting, and such sparkling dialogue as "Cut the crap, fart breath - and when you're in that kind of mood, Prime Evil stands ready to meet all of your lowest expectations.  It even throws in one of the lamest fight scenes in movie history for no extra charge.  This is actually one of the better films from director Roberta Findlay, best known for a string of hardcore pornographic films in the 1970s (she and husband Michael Findlay have been called "the most notorious filmmakers in the annals of sexploitation") before turning her attention to making bad horror films in the 1980s.  Now maybe you're thinking Prime Evil must have a fair amount of nudity in it, and it does - but it's all relegated to naked female breasts.  If nothing else (and I do mean nothing else), the main purveyor of all this "prime evil does have charisma, and that's an important thing to have when you're basically Satan's 800-year-old prime minister on Earth.  For all the cheesiness of his role, William Beckwith actually turns in a pretty good performance as "Father Thomas Seaton.  Everyone else - not so much.  Christine Moore is OK as the na_e and necessarily virginal Alexandra Parkman, but the rest of the cast would, as I like to say, have a hard time acting their way out of a dark room with a flashlight.  Special kudos to the two cops, who actually make Hayden Christensen look like a good actor (well, almost).  As far as the story goes, Alex is fated to be the next sacrificial victim for the local New York parish of Satan.  If you think that sounds like bad news for her - especially since she's being given to Satan by her own grandfather - try being one of her friends.  Father Thomas takes quite a liking to the young lady, and he doesn't want anyone interfering with his plans.  Throw in an undercover nun and a special cameo by Satan himself (looking absolutely ridiculous, I might add) along with little bit of blood and some kooky gore at the end, and you've got Prime Evil.  The whole thing is a complete and utter waste of time - entertaining to lovers of bad movies (such as myself), but a painful ordeal for those born without the bad movie lover gene.
 This so-called document will probably be replaced with the longer almost complete BLUE WILD ANGEL documentary film. I just saw this 1 hour 40 min. doco on TV [SBS, Australia] last night and was amazed to find not only 13 of the 18 songs complete but also replete with  between song misshaps and dialogue. The songs were also in the correct performance order. Yes, the complete versions of  Machine Gun  and  Foxy Lady  are here and yes, rare tracks like  Ezy Rider  also make their debut. The question is
 Having just seen this mess of a performance on Trio, I'm glad I didn't purchase the dvd. If you watch carefully, you can see from Jimi's facial expressions that he is not happy with his performance or the band's or both. The band sounds unrehearsed, the playing is sloppy, vocals are missing. Jimi does try his best to salvage things with some interesting solos but that as brilliant as it was, can't save things. Some songs in very raw form- Machine Gun, are trying to listen to. Yet on the other hand, 'Red house' is quite good. Sound quality is nothing to brag about, sounds like an old 8-track transfer-raw. I wonder if Jimi would have approved of this release, based on the way he takes his guitar off at the end of the show and slams it down on the stage, I think not. The serious fan will pass this one up. Hopefully, the Hendrix estate will choose future releases(both audio and dvd)more carefully.
 It's obvious that Jimi wasn't in good shape when he performed at the Isle of Wight. His singing is atrocious and he often forgets lyrics to his own songs. He sings with chewing gum in his mouth and he's unable to complete "Voodoo Chile because of some sort of technical/mechanical/sound-related problem. The band sounds poor compared to his studio recordings with Redding and Mitchell. Jimi reinvented the way guitar is imagined, but he also crashed very quickly. Band of Gypsies would also pale in comparison to the original Jimi Hendrix Experience. Jimi's wild life style is what did him in, and this dvd makes it apparent that at the time of filming, he wouldn't have much longer to live. In fact, he died just 18 days after the Isle of Wight concert. Millions of people love Hendrix, but are unaware of men like Earl Hooker, Buddy Guy, Elmore James, and Muddy Waters, who were Hendrix's greatest influences. Earl Hooker was also a better guitar player than Hendrix, in my book, though he didn't totally alter the way guitar is thought of in the way that Jimi did. It's a shame that Hendrix died so young, as his three studio albums are all excellent, and show a real creative genius at work. This dvd is disappointing, so I'm not sure if I even want to see his Woodstock performance.
 I gave this one 2/5 because it does have some original ideas, otherwise I would have given it lower. The movie has a great idea going...it's just not implemented well...or should I say, in a horror fashion. I know a lot of people in reviews like to say "the ideas weren't implemented well but that's really the only thing I could think. Bulbous, protruding phallus members belonging to homicidal maniacs? Bring it on, I said. Unfortunately, this one has the vulgarity and nudity typical to most of my favorite horror movies, but not enough gore and too many alterations to make the reader try to feel the effects of whatever drugs these kids were on. So, while the film didn't "bring it on, per se, it'll definitely be one I'll be thinking about in the near future...so I'll know what to avoid.
 It's so obvious that someone's trying to make a statement about the use of drugs,that I wondered if the movie was financed by the DEA. Two minutes of alright gore&shock,but that's it. It's something you could show in schools to scare the little kids but it's NOT A GOOD MOVIE. Big regrets I bought this one.
 This is one of those rare occaisions where I can read both the extremely good and extremely bad reviews for a film and understand where both parties are coming from. Very bad things is, on one hand, a poor movie because it  breaks one of the commandments of plotting a film
 Christian Slater, Jeremy Piven, Jon Favreau,Daniel Stern and Leland Oser go to Vegas and have them selves a bachelor party with a sexy stripper and then it turns out that she turns up dead, also a security guard too. bummer. they get rid of the evidence and take a pact that they wont tell anyone what really happend. but bad habits surface close to Favreaus wedding and Stern flips out and ends up dead. Janeane Tripplehorn suspects some foul play and then she ends up dead, with Jeremy Piven. Christian Slater goes bezerk and attacks Leland Oser and Favreau at the wedding. Cameron Diaz kills him or at least she things she did, but Oser actually kills him by making him fall down a flight of stairs. dark and sometimes comical, this one goes way to dark and ends up somewhat of a thriller more than a comedy. the comedy ends up coming back at the end. not the most worst film of all time but it had some moments. Berg did an ok job on this but it runs out of steam along the way.
 I was drawn to this movie because it was billed as a  dark comedy  I thought that meant that it was supposed to be funny, at least on some level.  But, it wasn't funny (darkly or in any other way).  It was not suspensful because it was predictable.  It did however feature a  very hip cast... except for Daniel Stern and Leland Orser who provided us  with the extremities of acting (overacting and no acting).  This movie  reminded me of the late HBO series Tales From the Crypt, minus the  cryptkeeper.
 ****MAJOR SPOILER****DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW****  Before I invested time watching this, I wish I had found a review saying there was a death of a major character at the end.  I wouldn't have bothered, it wasn't that good anyway.  Maybe this review will save someone.  Giving it 2 stars because I've seen abyssal films that only deserve 1-star, and this is not that bad.
 This film was just awful, and I decided not to waste my time finishing it.  Everything about it was bad, from start to finish-  at least to the finish line that I chose.  A real stinkeroo.
 There is handicap and deadly disease, poverty, alcoholism, loss of a parents during childhood and super abusive mother. All that topped off with great love and forgiveness. Little bit overdone even for my (romantic) taste.
 This is one of those movies that are so terrible that you have alot of fun watching it and making fun of it. The swamp natives are stereotypically ignorant backwater white trash, and the leading lady is ever so  stereotypically ready to faint and hide her face at every scene, and always  leaves the dreadful work up to the big strong men. That and make coffee  ofcourse. She always was making coffee for the men. The acting is  beautifully sub-par and almost seems as if it was shot while they were  rehearsing their lines (except for the believeable character of the  sheriff). You'll marvel at the scientific dialogue of the   doctor  and his theories of the leeches origin (hokey fourth  grade science that is, almost as bad as the movie where the locals needed   SODIUM...WE NEED SODIUM!  ) You'll cheer when the giant leeches  attack the bad people, and love every leech sighting. This video edition is  in terrible shape and is so dirty it's too dark to make out at times  (usually the thick swamps)...but that's why it's so cheaply priced. I  highly recommend this for camp movie buffs, and especially for B sci-fi  lovers like myself. It's a gem. You know you want it, or you wouldn't have  found it on Amazon...I mean...how many people go and search for   Attack of the Giant Leeches  unless they liked movies like that  in the first place? Thoroughly enjoyable.
 I am an avid fifties sci-fi buff, but this movie was really sadly put together even for back then. I gave it two stars because of the effort. It really could have been a great movie if it was for the "special effects ... they were really special.
 I knew there was a reason I had always avoided seeing this movie. Jamie Lee Curtis is the only entertaining actor in this very mediocre movie. It's just too ridiculous to keep your attention from the very beginning in my opinion.  It has a very poor plot and really centers around Jamie Lee Curtis' character using her body to get her way and men who drop 50 IQ points around her.  I hated it, but obviously at 4.5 stars, a lot of people love silly movies that go nowhere. To each their own. If you are a fan of the actors in the movie, most likely, you will like it.
 I know I will get lots of "unhelpful votes for this, but I must say that this comedy did not work for me.  The characters are exaggerated, even offensive (well, not PC), and the situations are utterly outlandish if not grotesque (e.g. eating the neurotic stutterer's fish right out of the acquarium).  OK, the actors are all extremely good.  Alas, taken together, I just felt like I was wasting my time watching this, like it was too silly to believe.  What I mean is, it didn't click, my laughs were forced and rare, and I couldn't suspend my disbelief, but instead constantly felt like someone was making this up as they went along.  Not recommended.
 This movie is, in a word, hilarious. I defy anyone to watch it and not have tears streaming down their face from laughter. It's one of those classic, uproariously insane comedies in the Monty Python style, just plain crazy funny. I am an animal lover but even the part where the poodles that get annihilated was hilarious and Michael Palin's reactions to that are beyond funny.  This is one movie that is guaranteed to make you scream with laughter.  I have seen it about a dozen times and it still makes me laugh till I cry.
 Well, after Python, John Cleese and Michael Palin decided to go more into 'serious' comedy with this film, A Fish Named Wanda.  The story is about a group of four who successfully steal some diamonds, but then, as all good burglars do, turn against each other only to fall into complication upon complication.  The film has a decent amount of big names, such as Kevin Kline, John Cleese, and Jamie Lee Curtis.  However, I just never really got into this.  The plot is well twisted so that is not the problem; however, I just lack the interest in the characters.  First of all, Michael Palin is just going off of the stuttering bit he did in Life of Brian. Moreover, and I never understood how anyone could be, every male character is heads over heels for Curtis, which just seems so unrealistic to me even in a plot.  Really though, the 'comedy' just was not that funny, except for a bit of semi-absurdity near the end.  Thus, I would advise a different movie.  I do not really know which one, but particularly something different.
 Despite a couple of funny scenes (just funny, not really hilarious), this movie is average at best and highly disappointing. Some might say that  A Fish Called Wanda  is a masterpiece comedy, but frankly I fail to see what the hype is all about. Sure, there are a couple of quirky moments here, yet the plot is substandart, the directing is weak, the characters are not likable in the least and the acting shows signs of competence still isn`t all that great either. Overall, this effort is a mildly enjoyable cinematic experience that`s probably worth watching once if there`s nothing better around. Decent and tolerable, but a classic this is not. Passable entertainment.
 My girlfriend really wanted me to see this movie.  She kept telling me how  hilarious it was.  We finally rented it and, about a half hour into it, I  turned to her and asked,  When does it get funny?   Seriously.  I  saw nothing funny about the whole beginning of the movie.  About an hour  into it, we finally get to a scene that made me laugh.  There were a few  others after that, but not many. Not only wasn't the movie funny, it  wasn't very well done, either.  The movie starts with these people planning  a burglary.  Then the burglary occurs and the so-called hijinks begin.  Who  are these people?  Why are they robbing this bank?  We get no background on  these characters, how they met, or what their relationships are to each  other.  That might have helped. Finally, what's up with the title?  What  does robbing a bank have to do with the fact that one of the guys has a  fish with the same name as Jamie Lee Curtis' character?  I don't get  it. If you're looking for a good crook comedy, check out DIRTY ROTTEN  SCOUNDRELS instead.  This one was a big disappointment.
 NOTE
 Fear not, DVD fans, a brand new Special Edition version will be released in the first quarter of 2002!
 This gut-busting comedy starring Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis, John Cleese and Michael Palin deserves better.  The DVD has the worst sound I've ever experienced on DVD or VHS.  If you're used to 5.1 sound, mono just doesn't cut it.  It's one of my favorite comedies, and maybe my most disappointing DVD.
 It is necessary for me to start by saying that I have never been a fan of Oliver Stone's films. Part of filmmaking, in my opinion, a necessary part of every film, is to, in some way; entertain the people watching the film. Many films also educate, inform, incite, but entertainment needs to be a part of the equation of any successful film. Too often, Stone is so intent on getting his message across, he begins to beat the viewer over the head with these ideas. Subtlety is lost. When the film becomes a lecture, it is no longer entertaining. So I often avoid Stone's films or catch them on DVD.  But I should also say I am a very liberal Democrat, which is why I went to see "W". The liberal Democrat in me was stronger than my distaste for Stone's films.  But "W is not a good film. Apparently, Stone was so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election, he fast-tracked the project, rushing every aspect of production.  And it quite frankly shows on the screen. When I exited the theater after the screening, my companion and I both agreed the film was on a par with a television movie. Something you might see on Lifetime Television.  Why was Stone so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election? What effect did he hope it would have? Bush isn't up for reelection. I don't get it.  But to have any kind of power, the film has to show us something new. Something we didn't already know. Something the average viewer couldn't have already gleamed from a mixture of skits on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart or "Saturday Night Live or through various exposes in magazines like "Vanity Fair".  And "W doesn't tell us anything new. The "big revelation the film seems intent on beating us over the head with is little more interesting than your average TV movie. "W simply dies on screen. Which is a shame. Because as much as I dislike Stone's films, I dislike the work of our current president even more and would have loved to see a truly great, insightful look at everything that went wrong with his presidency.  A far better expose of the 43rd President continues to lie in Michael Moore's film "Fahrenheit 9/11". Check that out instead. Moore delves into the various political and business connections of the Bush family and their political co-horts, connecting the dots for us to see.  That said, there is one reason to watch "W", maybe when it appears on DVD or cable (Lifetime?). And that one reason is Josh Brolin's portrayal of Bush 43. From the moment Brolin appears on screen, he seems to be channeling something deep, very deep, to make this character interesting and multi-faceted. Perhaps more interesting and multi-faceted than he has a right to be based on the writing and directing.  We initially meet W as he leads a meeting of his senior staff at the White House, trying to come up with the "Axis of Evil speech. Then, through a series of flashbacks, we see a few moments in W's early life; presumably to give us an idea of what led to this man becoming President. He gets hazed at Yale, he gets bailed out of jail by 'Poppy' (James Cromwell) and he quickly gives up on a job on an oil rig. Poppy, who is running for the Senate, doesn't know what to do with the boy, especially since Jeb is going to graduate with honors. And you get a clue about Stone's theory about how W became the President. It's a weak theory, especially as portrayed in the film, which is part of the significant problem with "W". The flashbacks seem particularly rushed, even unfocused. Is Stone's theory about this man really that superficial?  Then one fateful night, Poppy asks W to run his campaign for President. Bush 43 comes up with the Willie Horton ad against Michael Dukakis. And the rest is history.  Brolin does a good job of portraying Bush and often walks a fine line, tottering between caricature and an actual attempt at creating a meaningful performance. There are moments when Bush seems in charge and other moments when he seems like a fool, ripe for leading by Karl Rove (Toby Jones) and Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss). It is an interesting, intelligent performance for a man I don't think necessarily deserves such treatment.  The rest of the cast is much more problematic. Thandie Newton ("Mission
 You can usually expect intense, provocative movies from Oliver Stone. He achieved something special with JFK and Nixon. I was expecting this would also be provocative and really have an opinion about Bush. Instead, its just a boring, standard biography. No insight or and special messages. A real disappointment.
 So I watched W., and I'm torn.  Josh Brolin's protrayal of George W. Bush during the White House years is compelling and almost spot-on. However, his portrayal of the younger man is tooth-jarringly awful, with a broader accent and attitude that makes him look less like the spoiled, arrogant rich boy we know he was (and is) and more like a high-functioning mentally retarded inbred hillbilly. After fifteen minutes I went back to the start of the movie, keyed on the subtitles, and set the audio to the director's commentary so I wouldn't have to hear that voice.  More to the point of the movie itself, on reflection I'm stunned but not surprised that every character other than Bush is a cardboard cutout. Cheney is an oil-obsessed Machiavelli dedicated to empire; Rove is a toady more interested in winning elections than in any actual governing; Powell is the ineffectual voice of sanity in an otherwise wholly incompetent Bush administration.  George H. W. Bush is possibly the most cardboard cutout of them all. The keynote of Oliver Stone's portrayal of Bush is that Dubya hates his daddy- resents him for being a better athlete, a war hero, more intelligent, and more successful in business. As such he decides to be everything the elder Bush is not- stubborn and inflexible ("strong in spirit"), confrontational, and dogmatic. In support of this, we only see Bush I as a man disappointed in his son, but unwilling to actually discipline him or even confront him about his youthful excesses or his adult incompetence. There is no sign of '41's positive qualities whatever. Apparently, in Stone's view, the fecklessness of the father created the irresponsible, arrogant man of privilege we know today.  Add to this the utterly superfluous and nonsensical bits of "cinematography Stone throws in- three fantasy scenes in a baseball field, Dubya nearly choking to death on a chip, and a "mystical scene on a jogging trail shot by someone deep in the throes of an LSD trip- and the film is, put mildly, deeply dissatisfying.  Stone claims to have done deep research for this film, and a short feature packed with the DVD should be an introduction to any course on what was wrong with the Bush presidency. (This short feature was NOT done by Stone himself.) However, for the sake of his message (that Dubya became what he is because people around him were "enablers") Stone takes liberties with the facts- including turning Laura Bush from the final factor in Dubya giving up the bottle to a meek woman willing to accept threatened spousal abuse. The frequent use of "unsourced (translated
 When will it ever end??  ...the movie I mean.  I realize evil political machinations will continue until arageddon. Omigosh!  Take the advice of other reviewers and rent or borrow this DVD from the library before putting your hard earned bucks in it!  Most of the characters appeared to adequately "represent in some fashion their counterparts in "real life, although, Barbara Bush, the only character I was actually privleged to meet, seem quite different when I shook her hand. (Of course, she could have been shamming me for the vote she did not get.) For a different point of view for motivations, read "Armed Madhouse by Greg Palast (Available from Amazon). A film such as this makes one demand that beer be sold at the theater.  The soundtrack, however, although not an "Easy Rider, was pretty good.  The Robin Hood theme pepped things up and the Norman Greenbaum "Spirit in the Sky was a hoot, although "The Eggplant That Ate Chicago could have been a satiric additional reflection of the main character's integrity.
 Not much needs to be said about this film, because the film didn't have much to say either--nothing new, at least.  Any American who has been at least semi-conscious for the past eight years knows that Bush got us into an expensive war based on false information put forward as absolute fact; failed to capture and punish those responsible for 9/11, that Bush countenanced war crimes by Americans; that Bush violated the fourth amendment to the Constitution; that Bush had people held without charges, without legal representation,  The list probably includes another list of things we don't yet know about.  Oliver Stone's film covers the Bush administration, but so what?  Tell us something we don't know.  The acting is mostly okay but a little wooden at times.  Brolin's Bush comes across as a buffoon, an ex-drunk who used religion as a cover for his sins.  But everyone already knew that.  I wouldn't recommend this film to people of any political stripe. It's just not worth one's time.
 As one who had read quite a bit about the Bush Family and about W himself, his life, childhood and personality, this movie was a big disappointment. Giving ample space for artistic license, which I actually encourage, this still was too much caricature and too little authentic truth to leave a credible impression of what "w really was like.  W's story, told with sensitivity and depth, and without rancor, is actually quite sufficient to carry a meaty if not a robust plot. However, this "cartoon of W should have been beneath a filmmaker of Stone's caliber. This movie even casts a negative shadow over some of Stone's earlier work, which I actually thought was quite well done. However, in light of this "rush to judge W badly, Stone screwed up.  I left the movie thinking more about Stone than about "W and that is a statement in itself.  Two stars
 In this movie George W. Bush is depicted in his early years as a hard-drinking, opportunistic, ne'er-do-well who bumbles through life riding the coattails of his distant, disapproving father.  Later on, after a moment of conversion, he is shown as a simplistic, religious fanatic who bulls his way to the presidency and who seeks nothing more than a kind word from George Sr.  Each of the characters is instead a caricature and the movie is full of misrepresentations and giant leaps of assumption about the interactions and motivations of the major protagonists.  "W is depicted as a cowboy who jumps on his horse and rides it to the bitter end, insisting that he is always right and never makes a mistake.  Oliver Stone's comment that this movie is not political is ridiculous and is only superseded by his assertion that he got "into the skin of George Bush".  The sad truth is that he never even scratched the surface.
 Love him or hate him
 The main problem I have with this movie is that it covers all the bad things and none of the good. George Bush was a two term governor and two term president. You just don't get elected to these offices unless you have something going for you. George Bush led us through 9/11 and showed real leadership - none of that is covered in the movie. None of the debates were covered and Bush did well in the debates. George Bush is a very normal, down to earth person but I did not get the feel for that watching this movie. The movie made him to be dumb and inept - and I feel the movie did not treat him fairly. If you watch the movie "Primary Colors which is a story that mimics Bill Clinton's rise to the presidency - it shows his transgressions but also shows his strengths - it was much more balanced. This could have been a good movie but Oliver Stone was more content to take pot shots at President Bush - we certainly know where Mr. Stone stands politically after watching this movie, a failed effort.
 A let down...pretty boring.  I didn't even finish the whole thing.  I rented it mainly because of Josh Brolin and his past roles.
 There was a time, very long ago, that Oliver Stone made relevant movies, granted he always had an ax to grind, but his movies were not provocative, just to be provocative.  W. is a perfect example, it's obvious Stone is no fan of the former president, but he tries I suppose in his own warped way to understand Bush, and im sure he feels he was fair, but really this is just a badly filmed pseudo intellectual mess.  The performances are all over the place, it's like the actors are as confused as the director.  Brolin is passable as Bush, but he really doesnt ever make you forget that you are watching a caracature..the rest of the cast does sort of bad imatations, with the execteption of the singular Cromwell as Poppy, not really sure 41 was like this, but it's a riviting performance none the less..but really there is nothing to recommend here..it's Stone at his most indulgent..granted this mess is not as bad as Alexander..high praise indeed.
 Watching this jumbled, poorly motivated movie, baffling where it tries to be funny and hilarious where it tries to be straightforward, I have to ask
 The only reason I gave this 2 stars and not one star is because of Josh Brolin. And did Chris Crocker write the script? Because this movie is too sympathetic. In fact, it should be called "Leave Bush alone!". Granted, Brolin's performance is great. It's almost like watching George W. himself play the role.  I agree this movie had lots of potential. It's a look at George W. Bush's presidency, and I admire Stone for trying to do that. Howver, just because you did it with "JFK (which is a fantastic movie IMO), doesn't mean you should do one for Bush. That said, this movie fails to reach its potential because the whole time it seems as if it's trying to get us to sympathize (sp?) for Bush.  There are some good moments in the film and they do highlight some of the actual events in Bush's reign. But other than that, unless you actually do sympathize for Bush, this movie is a complete waste of time.
 the acting was good, I thought it was a fair depiction of our former president. Not too negative and not too positive, The acting was very good
 On a side note, I hope Oliver Stone was joking in an appearance he made on The Colbert Report when he praised George W. Bush's presidency and said he was the greatest president in history. He scares me sometimes, Stone does.  On another note, the movie does not feel much at all like an Oliver Stone-type movie, though it has enough of his style in it
 I didn't need this boring, long winded movie to tell me just how insane, stupid and inbred that man really is.  I was awake for the last eight years.  Try to avoid this movie, unless you weren't.
 One thing that immediately struck me when W came out was the odd timing.  Why on earth would a filmmaker choose to put out a movie on the Bush presidency so close to its end when the end result will be a movie that lacks closure and feels unfinished?  Had the movie been spectacular, this could have been forgiven, but in many ways W. is a truly forgettable movie.  I thinks it's easy enough to leave politics out of whether or not you like this movie.  I suppose if you don't like Bush, chances are you'll like W., but that's not really the point.  I know people who despise Richard Nixon, but loved Frost/Nixon.  The movie follows two separate timelines and jumps back and forth between the two.  The first begins with college era Bush, the other begins right after 9/11.  There's no real point to splitting the movie up in such a way, expect that had the story been told from start to finish, the movie might had been even worse.  There are other continuity issues that cause serious problems as well.  The most glaring issue is that many of the infamous "Bushisms make appearances in the movie, but never in the context of when Bush actually said them.  Someone made the decision to cram in as many of them as possible, whether or not it made sense to do so.  The movie's most serious issue though is that it can't decide whether or not it wants to be a parody/caricature, or a serious movie....a comedy, or a drama.  Bush's character jumps back and forth between the two throughout the movie.  Dick Cheney and Condi Rice seem like they're straight out of an SNL skit, while Colin Powell and Donald Rumsfeld are played in a serious way.  This is incredibly distracting and I think it speaks to the fundamental problem with this movie and that's the fact that the 'story' Oliver Stone wanted to tell doesn't make for a good movie.  It's just not that interesting.  Maybe Stone thought that because aspects of Bush are comedic for lack of a better term, they would make for a good movie, but that's just not the case.  If you've paid more than just passing attention to the news during Bush's presidency, you won't learn anything new.  If you haven't been paying attention...first of all what's wrong with you?  Second, this would be a horrible place to start if you want to learn about the last 8 years.
 All political opinions aside, W. is a huge disappointment of a movie and will more than likely manage to please only the most ardently blind and slave-minded of Bush haters. To start with, Stone's blind hatred of Bush administration members Rice, Rumsfield and Cheney; and his love affair with Powell is as obvious as a supernova. Stone tries to portray Cheney as an imperialist and a warmonger, Rice as a brainless court monkey and Rumsfield as a pervert. The movie contains several instances of complete and utter BS that Stone has trumped up in an attempt to cover the fact that he obviously did next to no real research in the writing of this film and had absolutely no intention of showing the audience anything more than a pack of half truths, misconceptions and flat out lies. I would say that Stone's film borders on treason if it weren't so completely ridiculous and such a poor representation of reality. Speaking as an Iraq veteran and former military journalist, and as someone who has actually met and spoken to former Vice President Dick Cheney, Stone is a shameless liar who has proved with this film his irrelevance in the modern world. The only bright spot of this aging liberal's wet dream of a movie is Josh Brolin's incredible performance as Bush.
 Oliver Stone establishes at the beginning of "W. that's it's fictional, with George Jr. imagining he's the Texas Rangers centerfielder. Conversations are invented, facts altered, important players eliminated, composite characters presented as real. Later, there's a dream sequence where Jesus tells Dubya to run for president, him drifting off to fantasy land during a strategy session and a nightmare of Pappy Bush challenging him to a fistfight.  He's portrayed as two-faced
 The basic problem with the film's narrative is that it simply goes nowhere for no reason, and this is summed up in the film's final dream scene- and the film is so pointless that my iterating its end will not matter one iota. W. dreams he is playing centerfield for his old baseball team, the Texas Rangers. A ball is hit, he runs back to the centerfield wall to catch it, as he did in an earlier dream scene. Except, this time the ball never comes down. W. just looks up into the heavens with a goofy look on his face, clueless as ever. While the ending may simultaneously capture the real confusion of the real President as well as Stone's caricature, it also recapitulates the superficial glibness of Stone's whole film. It is shallow, dull, and cannot even induce the hatred inspired by the real W. Yet, even if one accepts that there is no `there' there, inside of the President, could not Stone have at least turned his guns on the American electorate for electing such an idiot? In an earlier film of Stone's, Natural Born Killers, Stone really tore the American consumerate a new hole. Granted that film was over the top where this film is too reserved, even as both are broad in their portraits. But Natural Born Killers, at least, had balls, and skewered the average American. W., by contrast, is a eunuch, and Joe Average gets off as easily as W., the real man, has.    That stated, the two extremes mentioned in those two films are not the only way Stone could have gone. As example, look to Nixon, and the scene where Nixon (Anthony Hopkins) forces Secretary Of State Henry Kissinger (Paul Sorvino) to pray with him during the Watergate tumult. Now, if there were ever two real men ripe for parody (especially at such a moment) it was Nixon and Kissinger. Yet, the scene, as played and filmed, is actually quite moving. Granted, part of this is because Hopkins and Sorvino are great actors, whereas Josh Brolin and the bulk of this film's cast are not. But, the screenplay was also far better, and showed Nixon as a complex if base, man. W., by contrast, is the aforementioned cipher, and, given that so much of this film relies on the fact that its audience will know much of the political minutia, for having lived through these years, this does not bode well for future viewers to whom Bush's usual suspects will seem bizarre creatures from another dimension.    Often, in art, a work of art is esteemed as great, not because it is technically, aesthetically, nor creatively, great, but merely because it represents a great break, or a great step forward, from what the art form offered before. What it does is not as important as what it symbolizes or represents, ideatively. Examples of this can be seen in the rather rote epopee of Homer and Virgil, the bloated religious didacticism of Dante or John Milton, the predictable comic convolutions of Charles Dickens, or some of the lesser works of Cubism, or any other school of art. Oliver Stone's latest film, W., oddly seems to invert that truism. It is a regression from not only Stone's earlier, greater films, but from satire itself. It also represents a regression for Stone even as the film is, on the surface, more entertaining than his recent offerings. But, this is a man capable of greatness, and a greatness of Shakespearian levels.    This film's failure, then, most likely is Stone's unwitting admission that his slow descent into irrelevance and artistic anomy will be unabated. The same thing has occurred to other great American filmmakers like Woody Allen, Francis Ford Coppola, and Martin Scorsese (despite his recent `career' Oscar for The Departed), but it makes it none the less sad and frustrating for his viewers. If only he had shown the nerve to try, this time out, one might have been able to forgive him his failure. But, Stone's own uninspired direction and effort can only elicit a shrug from fans of his work. Like breeds like- a point Stone seems to have wanted this film to make, but....yawn.
 I have seen George W. Bush on TV many times but I confess I knew little about him. Watching this movie, I do not feel that I have learned much about him or what drives him. I could not even identify the character I have seen on TV with the actor. I then read up on George W. Bush in the Wikipedia and I do not think that this movie is a fair representation of the man.  The acting itself is not particular good. No character struck me as playing particularly good except for Toby Jones.  The filming was only ordinary.
 W was about as bland as a movie can get. There was very little in it to capture my interest. To be fair, making a film about a contemporary president is bound to be difficult. First of all, there is the unsurmountable problem that everyone has first-hand experience of your subject, which means there's nothing you can say that your audience doesn't already know. Second, there is the specter of lawsuits, which means there's nothing you can say that your audience doesn't already know.  But (seriously) the third and most serious obstacle to making a film about an outgoing president is that it's an impossible undertaking. Current history, as we live it -- with all its emotional charge, its controversy, and its still warm bodies -- is always going to trump its representations, even one made by Oliver Stone. Moreover, there was no emotional punch to Stone's characters, which meant that there was no punch to the movie, much less a point. ("Ex-alcoholic, spoiled, not-too-bright, frat boy with an inferiority complex, money and a good memory for names becomes president is an observation, not a point.) Without emotional depth or intellectual content there simply wasn't a story.  And that, dear readers, is probably the best summary of both Oliver Stone's imitation "W and the real one.
 but even that is cutting. You watch and say "He was elected twice! What will future generations say?
 i saw nixon the day prior and to say i was let down by this one is an understatement... brolin was decent, whoever played the part of rice was horrible... it just seemed like a really poorly acted, scripted movie... no insights, no real life portrayals of the struggles in the white house, especially between bush and cheney in the later years... turned those 8 horrible years into a joke... a horrible joke most of us have suffered through...
 This movie is worth watching only if interested in some facts and history. The world's rotten politics is amazing. The politicians and analyst are worse. The acting is not worth mentioning. This is not a recommended movie
 "The Mark of Zorro is the most memorable of the Zorro films made about the black masked crusader, fighting for the people and against the injustices of corrupt political officials.  Zorro (Tyrone Power) must stop Captain Pasquale (Basil Rathbone) from destroying Los Angeles by robbing its citizenry while he romances his gorgeous niece (Linda Darnell). TRANSFER
 This movie made me realize that I'm getting old.  I know that I'm sure most teenagers would find this movie hilarious and super cool, but I thought it was a complete waste of time.  The two stars are strictly for the hot girls in it.  I understand that the movie was trying to discuss the idea of fads and  selling out  in American today, but that's not really something you can do with a highly commercial movie like this.  The ads plastered all over the movie making fun of ad placement doesn't make sense cause even if they are making fun, they're still placing ads for all those companies and are still getting free products or money for those huge advertisements.  I also couldn't stand the fact that every 10 minutes they found some other reason to sing another song.  Why?  This wasn't Josie and the Pussycats.  Josie and the Pussycats was like a female Scooby Doo.  They should have just dropped the Hanna Barbara license and just made a movie about a band trying to make it.  This would make the film less commercial and then there would be the huge advertising accompanying the movie, with posters, tv spots, billboards, toys, lunchboxes, and everything else the movie makes fun of!
 I'm mostly all for the cavity-causing sweet movies with those same plots (boy meets girl, boy and girl fave a problem, boy and girl get together). I've seen dozens of movies like this
 This shameless (or should I say shameful) ripoff of "When Harry Met Sally gives us all the neuroses without any of the humor of its entertaining predecessor.  There was no attempt to disguise the intellectual larceny on the part of writers Andrew Lowery and Andrew Miller, right down to naming Freddie Prinze, Jr.'s character Ryan, after Meg Ryan, who in WHMS played the character after whom Ryan's character was patterned.  There is further irony here since Freddie Prinze, Jr. is fast becoming the male Meg Ryan, never venturing beyond the safety of sappy romantic comedies.  Unfortunately, his choice of projects has been far more jejune with narrower appeal. If you have seen WHMS, you know the plot of this film.  Boy meets girl; boy hates girl.  They are thrown together periodically, and they eventually develop a friendship despite their differences.  This develops into love, sex, denial, and finally resolution.  They are both extremely socially challenged and neurotic.  Their differences are so irreconcilable that they really belong in different movies. This film tries to be a romantic comedy, but it is really a tragedy with a side order of hapless humor provided by Jason Biggs.  Even Biggs' scenes are not very funny.  The funniest scene in the film was a deleted scene they included in the credits with Biggs having a gas with some lingerie models. Claire Forlani was excellent as Jennifer, the flaky free spirit.  She was ditzy and lovable with moments of intense lucidity that kept the character from being farcical.  Forlani's performance is the only thing that holds this film together.  Freddie Prinze, Jr. gives his standard good-looking-nice-guy performance.  He had one decent scene at the end, during the couple's confrontation overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, where he actually showed that he could act.  Otherwise, it was bland performance.  In Prinze's defense, Ryan was a dud and it would have been difficult to make him interesting without losing the essence of the character.  Jason Biggs did the best he could with a loser of a character and weak lines.  He is a much funnier performer than this film let him be. This romantic comedy is neither romantic nor funny.  I rated it a 4/10.  See the original; it was both.
 The DVD contains everything that the editorial review promises but in really poor quality. The DVD disc is a DVD-R that the manufacturer reproduced very cheaply and although the cover says that it is digitally remastered, the quality of the DVD is really quite appalling, being very amateurish and in some parts, simply not watchable. Although the content will make me watch it again, I'm really disappointed that I've had to pay so much for something of such poor quality.
 I was very excited to get this dvd, as an avid practioner of Shorin-Ryu.  However, the dvd left a lot to be desired.  There is very lot footage of Soken, and the majority of the footage that is shown can be found on youtube for free.  I think that this was just a sad attempt of George Alexander attempting to make money again.  I would not waste your money, just search for Master Soken on youtube and you will have everything that this dvd has to offer.
 Although, the content of this documentary would probably have received five stars from me, the poor picture quality of this DVD would only rate at most a one. I was really excited to find this DVD because I met all of the tap dancers featured except for Gregory Hines. I was massively disappointed when I played it because the video quality is so very poor. The color and tones are awful. Steve Condos had green hair! The picture was murky and the colors faint. In fact, it is the worst quality of a DVD I've ever seen. I think that they took a VHS tape and just transferred onto DVD. You can actually see thick video lines across the screen. Ordinarily, a line would appear straight but on this video because of the poor resolution it appears jagged. I was further shocked and actually angered when at the end of the video it made it clear that it was originally shot on film! Since this was so, why couldn't the producers have spent the money and given us a nice new digital transfer from the original film?  I know a little about film and transfers as I produced a 75 minute movie on film, <a href="http
 I was EXTREMELY disappointed in the cheap packaging of Season Nine and Ten.  All of the others were nicely packaged and these two seasons came in a cheap plastic DVD holder!  Had I known this in advance I may not have spent the money to buy them.  I HOPE the final season is NOT packaged this way because I have pre-ordered it!
 Dogma has some funny moments and contains the kernel of a good film, but unfortunately these are lost in the loose direction and  slack editing.  There are quite a few plot problems and they are never really resolved properly. A few more months in the editing suite may have worked wonders for this film, but overall it was very disappointing.  Ed Wood would've been proud.
 What an achievement, for Mr. Smith to recruit a dozen or so top celebrities to recite bits and pieces of his personal religious beliefs to a captive audience.  Truly unbelievable.  My guess is that most religious and non-religious viewers will find something to their distaste in this film (the appearance of the "fecal Golgothan was particularly unpleasant to sit through).  In addition to the unconvincing and gruesome special effects (Ben Affleck's head gets blown off!), Mr. Smith's eclectic philosophy is not terribly original, taking bits of Catholic mythology and peppering them with obscure Fundamentalist rants (i.e., the Virgin Mary has other children by Joseph, the "morning star of Isaiah is a reference to Satan).  Meanwhile, the bloodier side of Christianity is laid bare as we hear that Damon and Affleck's characters have been on earth "since the time of the plagues", and watch these two angels "smite a boardroom full of entertainment execs who operate a company named after the "golden calf". Go out and watch "Clerks and forget about this nonsense from an amateur theologian.  Smith is a better authority on "snowballing than on transubstantiation.  Stick with what you know....
 First he made a no-budget black and white comedy set in a store. Clerks. It was funny, clever and hugely enjoyable. Then he made the under-rated Mallrats. An enjoyable, yet idiotic, romp through a Mall. Then he tried  something more serious with the twisted love triangle and came out with  Chasing Amy, a film with some great moments, but never a truly satisfiying  whole. And now Dogma!  Which, let's face it, it a steamy pile of  pretentious Dogdo! OK, so, there's a couple of funny lines. Wow! And Silent  Bob and Jay are in it. Um, Wow!  And, um.... it's just garbage. A great  big sweaty pile of pretentious garbage. I'm so not looking forward to his  next film if this is that pattern of his career.
 Don't get me wrong
 I felt that the unrelenting useage of profanity throughout this movie marred what could have been an exceptional production.   Why do new Hollywood writers/producers feel that the [profanity] lends the necessary panache to their films to ensure that they are 'with it'? I would like to have my daughter see this movie because I think that it blends the correct amount of theology, fantasy, humor, and compassion to show up organized religion for the fraud that it, in many cases, is. The zealots who picketed "The Life of Brian' are the same types who disparaged this movie, probably without ever viewing it.  I am kept from viewing this movie with my daughter because of the, as I formerly stated, unrelenting use of profanity. I would be uncomfortable sitting by her while the foul diatribes ...in support of no apparent plot points, ran on. I am a former seminary student, a retired Naval officer, and not a prude. I simply lament the apparent loss of propriety in exchange for the (now) minimal shock value of extreme language.
 Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy are all classics and I think that must have weighed heavily on Kevin Smith when he made this film. All the bits which captured your imagination and funny bone in the first three movies are gone, what you are left with is a movie with very little to offer. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon bring some star power to the movie, but to be honest, the earlier movies worked better with a higher proportion of little known actors. It just doesn't work as a movie!
 Kevin Smith's DVDs are not just movies with a few special features, they act as an archive of the hard work and pleasure that went into each of his first threee movies.  The Special Edition disks for "Clerks", "Mallrats and "Chasing Amy are what all DVDs SHOULD BE - a record of not only the artistry, but of the personalities that created the art.  In each we understand how the director thinks, feels and works and has been a chronicle of Smith's growth as a writer and director.  However, "Dogma looks like it was time to throw the film on a disk for retail sale. The much-anticipated "Special Edition is coming soon, and Smith has promised it to be a great companion edition to a sharp, witty and (in some ways) groundbreaking film.  So why couldn't we just wait for this?... I am a great fan of the Askewniverse, and the effort by Smith and Co. to even bring out the Special Edition reinforces my respect for View Askew...
 For me, this movie started out with the right amount of irreverant anti-religeous zeal, but then became perverted into just another gory chop  'em up  road trip.   If it had stuck with the satirical humor it  could have worked better.  For me, it stopped being funny when the violence  became explicit.  The monster from the toilet was funny, and that type of  violemce (implied but not seen) made for a better film.  It is too bad that  it deteriorated into a  I can make this more graphic than the last  movie made  type movie.  It lost points with me.
 As a sweet bite of blaspemy this Kevin Smith stinker may do fine, supported by a star-studded cast and a crunchily inventive premise to sink our collective teeth into the heart of Catholicism.  But it is amusing to see a horde of reviewers call this clever and thoughtful. Sorry folks, the film's troop of eccentric characters do very little to bail it out of its convoluted ramble about theology.   When it comes to intellectual muck-raking, the film with its doozy  loophole  simply drowns under the weight of diminishing returns. Religion is not an intellectual exercise, it's role is to fulfill spiritual, psychological and emotional needs in our lives. A person needs his world to make some sense to them, and religion can comfort with answers that science can not yet provide.  If on the other hand you're game for some tongue-in-cheek degenerative humor (for example, giant monsters of bubbling human excrement) sure, this may be right up your alley. Just make sure you have plenty of time as the circus goes on for a while.
 This was a DUMB movie no point ot it at all. A completely A list cat wasted in thie trash of a movie. on dvd no good extras rental only! 1 DOgma C-
 This movie would not have been so terrible if it was not supposed to be in line with the Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy series.  To those of us that truly enjoyed Clerks, there is no low budget elegance about this one.  There is no absence of the mainstream media explosion that you find in the other three (okay, maybe two, but we'll forgive Chasing Amy).  This movie may have ranked a four, but not tied to one of the best movie series ever.  It's like teats on a bull, it just don't belong.
 I loved Kevin Smith's first two movies Clerks and Mallrats. Chasing Amy was okay, but a little too much of a downer in the end.  Now get this, Dogma seems to be the movie that is the line in the sand for a lot of people. The majority of Clerks/ Mallrats fans didn't care much for Dogma, and vice-versa for the Dogma fans (but not completely, a good number of Dogma fans hadn't even heard of Smith's prior movies).  It's been said that this movie slams the church, but it's just a slanted view on Catholisism that hard liner religous fanatics might find offensive. A lot of the comedy in this movie THINKS that it's offensive. I remember bits on the news discussing Dogma's ramifications, but it all just felt like manufactured drama and debate to me (i.e. publicity stunt).  Throwing Jay and Silent Bob in the mix really messed up the flow and 'believability' of it all, especially when the first three movies had them tied together to a specific area.  What I don't get is where Smith got all this Hollywood clout. His previous films were good, but were cast with several before-they-were-stars. In Dogma, suddenly all these big names appeared in the credits, and would the general audience found the movie as good without the injected star-power? Did he make a deal with the devil?
 First of all...how did this film get made?  I mean, the actors don't even bother to act.  It looks like and sounds like a group of friends got together over one too many drinks and brainstormed this whole thing.  And good for them if they were able to get on the phone and convince a bunch of idiots to give them money to make it.  However, I think it's equally important to have a few drinks in you too in order to get the right buzz required to enjoy this film.
 On many levels,  Dogma  falls flat. The problem starts with filmmaker Smith's written intro. In this, he claims that  Dogma  isn't a ridiculing attack on Catholicism, but a mere insubstantial fantasy.  Yeah, right. If it's a fantasy, it needs to be outright  ha-ha   funny, with lots of imaginative wackiness throughout. It isn't. If it's a  satire attacking Catholicism, it needs to be incisively witty. It isn't.  Smith unsuccessfully tries for something between these two approaches. He  tries for humor solely through disrespecting Catholic beliefs. Lest you  think I'm a defender of Catholicism, you should know that I'm 100% atheist.  And I've never been Catholic, so I have no axe to grind. Smith is annoying  in his twisting and scrambling of Catholic dogma. You've heard of cafeteria  Catholicism? This is a Catholicism food fight! One shouldn't write like  this if one isn't an outright unbeliever. Work out your crisis of faith in  private, Smith, not by attacking your religion in theaters everywhere. If  Smith can still consider himself a good Cathloic after writing   Dogma,  then this in itself is a powerful refutation of  Catholicism. The extremely complicated plot-with lots of exposition from  the characters-is hardly worth following.  Dogma  has a poor  script. Attempts at realism are thwarted by it. Characters' genuine  questioning of God's purposes are met with no answers or worthless, trite  answers. It lacks the wit necessary to make a truly effective attack on  Catholicism. To be fair, I must say that all the actors gave superb  performances. They did the best they could with the weak script. Though  Carlin was miscast. He made it hard to accept the movie's initial premise.  Some criticize the movie's directing and editing. I found no problem there.  Any awkwardness can be traced back to the screwy theology and poor script.  If you really enjoyed this kind of apocalyptic comedy, allow me to  recommend the novel  Good Omens  by Prachett &amp; Gaiman. With  more skillful writing, this movie could have been a much more effective  satire of Catholicism. This atheist gives  Dogma  a big  thumbs-down.
 I thought 'Clerks' was somewhat a charming, if poorly acted, first film. Realistic setting with OK dialogue.... got a laugh out of Silent Bob, so I figured that 'Dogma' would be a nice leap forward for Smith with its big-name stars and what-not. Turns out that this guy released the single most WORDY film I've ever sat through. It's like listening to anything off of Springsteen's first two albums where he crams in about 200 words per verse ( Blinded by the Light ) Suffering from aural fatigue after viewing this film, I high-tailed it to an abandnoded campground in upstate New York and entered into a vow of silence for one week. No words spoken, none heard. I was tired of the words that every character in 'Dogma' had to constantly utter whenever they were on screen. My creative writing prof in college always told us to  show don't tell .  Too bad Smith couldn't follow this simple rule.
 This was a generally mediocre movie.  I really want these guys to succeed, and everyone from Boston needs to see everything they make. However, this movie begins with some modest promise and pokes fun at  institutions that need to laugh more about themselves. It is fair to be  critical of the Catholic Church, especially when it is a silly premise like  the Church's efforts to become  more hip  and modern. But the  whole thing dies is in the abstractions created with characters like  Alanis. I wondered, was this movie written for the cameos or was it  destined for purgatory from the get-go. Clerks, Chasing Amy and Mall Rats  fans will love to see the usual suspects...but thats just not enough to  keep your interest. Chris Rock does a fine job but he cannot carry the plot  with his angry 13th Apostle routine. He plays well off of the other  characters but ultimately loses. Ben and Matt are cool but seem to be  trying too hard. Maybe comedy isn't where they perform the strongest. All  is forgiven. A forgettable film.
 OK, so get this
 Well, yes
 I went into Dogma with relatively high hopes.  After all, the team of Affleck and Damon seemed relatively intelligent, relatively imaginative, and successful enough to push something original past the studio types.  I was wrong.  Dogma is a cynical, self-important little film that takes on big topics.  But unlike inspired, creative films that often hold up well in such fights, Dogma is like a frail, blind tabby in a cat fight.  It's so busy tripping over topics and ideas that can't get its paws on, that you want to turn your eyes away in embarassment. The worst part of Dogma is the odd preachiness of it, as if some half-baked philosophy major is trying to explain the Truth to you after a half-dozen Amaretto sours at the college pub.  You can almost imagine the sophmoric sessions where such  great  ideas surfaced, including the  inspired  decision to to cast George Carlin as a Cardinal.  ( He's Catholic, man!  Do you get it?  You should hear his early albums where he talks about Catholic school!  How cool is that!  Wouldn't it be awesome if ... )  That's one of the problems with Hollywood.  Filmmakers are a bright, iconoclastic lot in general, but they usually are neither well-read nor particularly insightful.  And maybe that is appealling to the large group of 18 to 35 year olds who wouldn't know Erasmus if he hit them over the head with a lectern.  But for anyone looking for a genuine, intelligent satire about organized religion, skip this and get The Meaning of Life.
 This movie is about a seriel killer that tries to get his victims to kill themselves or someone else. Unique idea, but the story - although not much of one - doesn't hold up.  I won't ruin the ending, but if you ever see it, you'll be a little mad because it ends up making most of the movie nonsensical and preposterous. Instead of making the serial killer into something believable, he ends up being something like a Jason or a Freddie.  Based on how this movie ended, you can almost guarantee they'll be a sequel that I'll be sure to miss.
 I expected to be entertained, frightened, and disturbed by this film.  Instead, I was bored, disappointed, and disgusted.  You can get better violence in any action movie; you can get a better psychological thrill from 'Silence of the Lambs' or even a cheesy sci-fi like 'Event Horizon'; you get more plausibility out of 'Lord of the Rings'. At least Lord of the Rings doesn't pretend to be reality.  In 'Saw', the film's apparently omiscient, omnipotent, and short sightedly self-righteous 'Jigsaw Killer' sets ridiculously contrived and unnecessary traps for his victims. That's pretty much it. Maybe he's a surviving henchman from some old Bond film?  There are a dozen points in the movie when an intelligent person says, "Wait, why would they do that? and the movie loses all its plausibility. The characters act and interact in ways that only the most unintelligent and illogical people would; in order for the plot to progress as it does, the screenwriters throw one deus ex machina after another at you.  I can only take so many absurd twists and revelations before realizing that I got swindled. If you were thrilled by this idiotic film... kudos, I'm glad you don't feel gypped. That makes one of us, at least.
 A great many people, it would appear, hold the film "Saw in high regard. It was at the behest of numerous co-workers and friends that I finally ran out with my spouse and snagged a rental of this rather curious title. While I can certainly credit the film for taking a fresh route so completely unorthodox and visually arresting, I still must conclude that I found the whole thing rather lacking.  The concept of two people struggling to solve the puzzle of why they were abducted and squared away together with the threat of death looming over their heads could, and should, have been handled with far greater care and intelligence. Having already seen David Fincher's far superior "Seven, I could not bring myself to connect with anything this film had to offer. It was nothing more than a carbon-copy of so many other better films and didn't really seem to have any valid point. I think that is what hurts this film the most, aside from the fact that Danny Glover and Cary Elwes were totally miscast. The writing, in some areas, is so bad that you wonder how the script was ever approved. Key points in the film offer golden opportunities for Glover's character to end Jigsaw's murderous campaign. But he winds up dropping the ball in a manner no real authority figure ever would. The ending is a particular disappointment, because it foolishly leaves the door wide open for a highly unnecessary sequel when it honestly didn't have to.  "Saw does have a good concept, like I said. But the overall execution of the material left me cold and frustrated. To this moment, I still do not understand why it receives such over-rated hype. To each their own, I suppose.
 When the credits rolled at the end of Saw, I almost laughed at how  preposterous and desperate this movie is. There are so many disconnects in logic and narrative throughout this movie but they are only apparent in retrospect, when the movie ends and you are shown what was "really going on. First of all, the villain is first seen as an incapacitated patient with an inoperable brain tumor, but we are expected to believe that he can find the time, money and energy to organize and engineer the monumentally complicated traps in which he places his victims. And, no, you can't fake the neurological, opthalmological and laboratory manifestations of a brain tumor, and you sure as hell can't fake a massive brain tumor on your own MRI scan, so don't tell me this was all just part of the villain's plan. It's bogus and nonsensical.  I mentioned the complicated traps. I mean they are WAY complicated. Every detail, every contingency, every nuance has been anticipated and thought out to the ten thousandth degree. The planning, the execution, the timing, the physical construction of the settings for the traps..hell, it would take months if not a year to put all this together. It simply rings false. It is not believable, and this inability to believe and trust in the story contaminates the viewer's enjoyment of the film. Now we come to a plot device that the writers fall back on several times during Saw, the "slow acting poison. We are asked repeatedly to believe that the characters are acting as they do because they believe they have ingested "slow acting poison. They act completely irrationally, violently, and become all caught up in these mega-complex scenarios all because they believe they are dying from "slow-acting poison"? Doesn't anyone  go to the Emergency Room? Sorry, slow acting poison sounds like a lazy plot device from a second-rate high school play, not the engine that drives a major motion picture.  Now, let's talk about the acting. Bad. Embarrassingly, amateurishly bad. Sometimes, especially when the actor who plays the doctor is speaking, the acting literally struck me like a satire of bad acting. I half-expected him to wink at the camera.  Dammit, you may ask, why can't I just relax, suspend my critical faculties, and simply enjoy the movie for what it is, instead of condemn it for what it isn't? Here's why. This ain't that kind of movie. Yeah, when I watched the Exorcist, or the Omen, or the Shining, yes, those movies don't pretend that they are based in gritty reality and don't depend on our familiarity with serial killers, religious psychopaths and other wingnuts in order to obtain their scariness. This movie,like Seven, is grounded in the fact that the audience knows there are really creepy people in the world, and it is this connection with our own reality that is supposed to give the movie its power. Seven succeeded. This movie, however, fails. We can't suspend disbelief, like we do when we watch the Shining, but we are still jarred into disbelief by preposterous plot elements and wretched acting. The viewer is stuck, unable to believe, unable to suspend disbelief, waiting for the credits to roll. It's like drinking slow acting poison.
 ...we're all in some serious trouble.  As a huge fan of horror films for years, I was very excited to (finally) see "Saw when it made it out on DVD. A compelling sereal killer, some graphic violence, that creepy laughing clown ... how could you go wrong?  For starters, the acting is awful. It's sad to watch Cary Elwes absolutely mail in a performance like this - he had such verve and charisma in "The Princess Bride, but here he seems very ill-suited and even a little bored. Leigh Whannell is only slightly more convincing as his cell-mate. Danny Glover is Danny Glover. He's an effective character actor, and he could have been used to much greater effect here.  Then the directing. This might just be my personal taste, but the nonstop MTV type sound blurts and quick-cut camera effect is badly overused in many movies, and it seems particularly inappropriate for the horror genre. It's been done before, and in "Saw it manages to crush any atmosphere or suspense.  And finally, the plot. "Saw clearly draws its inspiration from "Seven, with a little bit of "Silence of the Lambs, "The Cell and "The Usual Suspects thrown in for good measure. The movie makes the mistake of being far more clever than it needs to be - tacking on badly contrived and unlikely twists to an already shaky plot.  Note to Hollywood directors
 I decided, after watching "SAW 3 this weekend, to give this movie another look-see, to re-evaluate and check if my original thoughts had changed over the past three years. Nope.  "Saw is a hack-job of a movie, cribbed from superior scripts like "Se7en and "The Cube, where victims get lured into totally illogical situations in some psychopath's attempt at teaching them a lesson. But "Saw completely lacks "The Cube's fascist police state backdrop or "Se7en's gruesome moral bent. Instead, two random men, (writer/director Leigh Whannel and Cary Elwes) are trapped in some music video concept of a warehouse bathroom with a dead man, gun and tape deck between them. And things go downhill from there.  Cary Elwes' acting is so strident that he becomes funny by the final act, as he simply just doesn't have the chops to portray that madness he's succumbing to. Danny Glover - obviously slumming it - turns into a hysterical twit as time rolls on. Whannel is so cardboard that you need only to look at his other credentials to understand how he got his part. Dialogue is beyond corny. And that's just the actors.  When you get to the script, the continuity is howlingly laughable. Men step from bathtubs and are dry. Items removed from water are also dry. Blood appears on victim's clothing and disappears. And in one of the most hysterically ridiculous gaffs in modern movies, a truck involved in the chase scene changes MODELS by the end of the chase!  OK so I sat through the whole thing two times. But the movie's concept is relatively slick - enough to lure in scared patrons to two sequels and make Tobin Bell's Jigsaw one of the better movie villains in recent horror genres. (Incidentally, I feel "Saw 2 to be the best of the three films, and "Saw 3 a shade better than the original if only by benefit of better budget and better acting.) But if you take your horror/suspense movies seriously, you'll understand just how "Scary Movie 4 made hash out of "Saw with barely an effort.
 This film is far from being one of the scariest movies (ever). Whether you do not care about the plot and acting and you just want to enjoy, take it. However, if you want to see a good made Horror movie, I'm afraid Saw's not for you. The acting is bad (That Adam guy - God bless him, I laughed my head off every time he opened his mouth), the plot doesn't make sense and there's nothing psychological in it or whatsover. It's here where Saw fails and makes you laugh insted of being scared. It's not that is a horrible movie, but watching it, you just don't care much. Well, I didn't anyway. The story wasn't shown in a credible way so you could have the chance to sympathize with the characters.
 Perhaps one would need to see the whole movie to make this decision.  I couldn't.  I've never had a strong stomach.  I love thrillers, abhor horror.  The difference is that horror relies on splatter, thrillers on playing with your mind.  I thought this movie was more thriller than horror when I rented it.  If it was truly in the vein of Seven, then the movie really wouldn't be overtly graphic.  It would just be outrageously disturbing.  Disturbing is fine.  That's why Seven and Identity are a couple of my more favorite movies.  They are psychologically disturbing without offending your visual sensibilities.  I was hoping Saw would be that way.  I think this is a movie that will appeal to many people.  If you like horror, or if gore doesn't bother you, this movie has a great premise and some decent acting.  (If you rent this movie hoping for some redeaming message, stay away.)  For me, though, the movie was so relentlessly brutal that I just couldn't watch it all.  So, if you're like me and you enjoy movies that play with your mind and not your eyes, stay away from this movie.  If you're the kind of person that likes your mind and eyes being played with, you'll probably enjoy the movie.
 What can I say about SAW other than the acting in this film was atrocious!  I mean, it was laughably bad.  The guy that plays Adam can't say anything without cracking me up.  And chubby Cary Elwes is the epitamy of pompousness, every word he says sounds forced as well.  I know the above sentences don't flow very well but I'm a bit pissed.  I had high hopes for this film and feel so wronged after finally having seen it.  The premise is very intriguing
 I have to say that I am very disappointed with the way Saw turned out. I have been waiting for a long time for this movie to come out and I was let down. For one the acting was horrible, the screen play wasn't great and it just wasn't scary, at all. The whole movie looked low budget, which it was, but they could have done a better job with it. The only redeeming things about the movie are the premise, which is great, and the ending, which had a twist. Other then that, not good, if you want to see it, wait till DVD, it not worth seeing in theaters, I'm sad to say.
 The Bottom Line
 This has got to be one of the most frustrating movies that I've seen in a long time.  What mother would let a man put a gun to her child's head and then hesitate to kill him when she finally gets the gun in her possession?  I found myself yelling at her to shoot him a million times and I don't even have to tell you what happened next because it was far too predictable.  I was still angry after watching it because I know in real life that nobody could be so stupid.  There are far better suspense thrillers out there to watch and I'm upset that I had wasted my money on this one!
 Two men wake up in a scuzzy and awful looking bathroom with chains and ankle bracelets on them attached to pipes. They dont know why they are there until they find 2 tapes and a recorder on a dead guy in the middle of the room. So, there's a sadistic loony killer called The Jigsaw Killer out there who loves to play games with his victims and has them play in dangerous scenarios involving barbwire, bear traps and fire. Soon. Doctor Gordon, played by Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride, Robin Hood Men In Tights) and the other man Adam, played by Leigh Whannell find out why they are there....they find 2 saws and to get out they cant saw threw the chains, but their legs to get loose. Some very creative moments with the suspense a very creepy looking clownlike doll on a toy bike and the surprise ending is the only thing that keep this at bay. The acting in here is subpar with Danny Glover (The Lethal Weapon Movies, Bopha!) wasted as a cop on the case, Monica Potter (Along Came A Spider, Head Over Heels) as Elwes' wife and Cary Elwes is so-so though he kinda gets ridiculous at the end where he saws threw his leg. Not for the squeamish and it's really dumb to see some scenes where they go into fast motion (example...car chase scene). Also starring Tobin Bell (THe Pelican Brief), Benito Martinez (TV'S The Shield) and Ken Leung (Rush Hour, AI
 With the opening scene a mix of fear and panic, as two men realize they're both chained to pipes, with a dead man in the middle of a puplic sewer bathroom, it isnt long before... Before um...  I watched this movie in the theatre, and again when it came out on DVD, i have no idea why i saw it again. For starters, why did they call it "saw ? Did they think just because of a vague reference, they could get away with it? Well... According to a few reviews, apparently they did. But they didn't get by me.  The movie revolves around a serial killer who throws puzzles at his victims in which case with a lot of luck, will power, and the will to live, they could get through. The premise is, he doesn't kill people, he just forces them to kill themselves... It isn't all that. Good premise, bad writing of it.  First of all, I don't take much issue with the name so much, as I take issue with the sheer stupidity of the writer who came up with this thing. I'll give them one star for originality, and one star for good cosmetic effects, the rest just isn't there.  For starters, from the way the storyline [if you can call it that] is given, you can tell an amateur wrote the script and therefore, they should have made the story a little better, or wrote it a little more believable.  For instance, the hack saws the two men get [maybe that's why they called it saw]. They have six hours to live, and they give up sawing through the chains after ten seconds... Record time for stupidity. Ok, ill give the one who broke his a break, but the other one who remained calm, could have gotten out if he sawed instead of jabbered. This was a huge turn off for me, and thus, the rest was just a bit of mindless plot that seemed to just be added at the last minute. Almost as if they were making it up as they went along.  Let's be realistic, if any intelligent human being were in that situation, sure, we'd be afraid, but with so much time and a hack saw [let alone a doctor who must have learned patience during his 10 years in school]... we wouldn't be so stupid as the two men were. Since most of the story revolves around them, I don't give any sympathy to the characters.  As for the movie itself, it had a few really cool scenes of people in hopeless situations, and a few jaw dropping views of solid gore, but once you got used to it... it wasn't anything special.  If more thought went into this movie, and maybe they actually tried to make the name make sense, it might have been a good movie. But inevitably, since we're watching two morons talk to each other for 2/3s of the film...  it is rather boring.
 OK! i'll be the 1st to say i wanted to see this movie more than anyone and me and about 8 friends went opening night all worked up into a frenzy over this supposidly horrorfying movie...it did absolutely NOTHING for me. It wasnt a total waste of the 8$ i spent to see it (the 2 scenes where the girl with long black hair came out of the guys car, and attacked him in the closet ((closely resembling the grudge)) were very good and the death scenes at the begining were good ((the barbed wire and glass)) yes, this movie had the potential to be something much more) i shuttered about 3 times and the rest of the time i found myself laughing at the total idiocity of this movie! This is one of the could have, would have, and should have movies...  It wasnt THAT bad...but i dont plan on renting or owning it any time soon...
 I was told by one of my friends that this film was ''the best movie ever''. Now , because my friend is one of the most intelligent people i know , i thought to myself ''wow , this must be really good...'' , so i went out and watched it. Well , at first it started off promisingly enough  , a gritty , disturbing scene with 2 men in a hellish situation. From there it goes quite well , suspense and mystery build up reasonably , and the viewer sits there in awe wondering about how the men will get out of the situation they are in , and who is the person responsible. However , things begin to get lame as the finale gets closer , and then finally , there's the famous ''Twist''. This ''twist''is actually the dumbest twist i have seen im a movie for as long as i can remember. Forget comapring it to the twist in ''The 6th sense'' , its not even in the same league. I read another review that compares ''Saw'' to the masterful and classy ''Audition'' , sorry to say , but that comparison is ridiculous. All i say is this , when the ''twist'' happens , just think to yourself , ''How?''. Once that question is asked , the film falls apart. And im not talking about the doctor either , im talking about all the other victims. How on earth did the killer find them? How did he get their details ? Was it that the killer just picked people at random and then they just happened to be people that wasted their lives? For the killer to pick them , he would have had to research them . How did he research them?? Seriously , c'mon , dont even try to say that its a horror film and that plot holes dont matter , because they do. This film is nowhere near as good as people make it out to be. Its amateurish at best , and the twist is pathetic.  Its really a waste of time.
 I have never written a review before, but given the recent group of horror/thriller movies, so called anyway, I was compelled to speak my mind.  I am a horror movie fan, have been for as long as I can remember, love the dark horror to the more cult type hits.  Anyway, SAW is not for everyone, especially those expecting to be scared or disturbed.  Mind you, there were some scenes to will disturb if you are easily disturbed, but in all it was not a major step forward in the horror/thriller genre.  If you have seen SEVEN then you have seen SAW!  Plus, a little of THE CELL thrown in there.  Cary Elwes was his typical self, which unfortunately is not really suited for horror movies.  I found it hard to believe he was actually concerned with his situation.  Chained to a pipe in a bathroom with another guy chained to a pipe across the room, Leigh Whannell, who was more believable as a victim then Cary who seems just kind of ho-hum about it.  It seemed to me that he was just shooting the scenes to get his check, which is unfortunate because I like him as an actor.  When your star, Cary Elwes, is out done by a mechanical doll and a little girl, Cary's on-screen daughter, then you have a problem.  The loose thread that tied them and all the other characters together was ready to completely let go about half way through.  Danny Glover, what happened to the Lethal Weapon star?  Starts as a cop who is searching for Jigsaw and just falls apart.  Your typical cop who is obsessed with catching the killer, who has a partner who isn't as obsessed, you can guess what happens to the partner, snaps, goes vigilante cop.  We see him investigate a couple of Jigsaw's murder victims, but it is more like who really cares?!  I saw, no pun intended, those murder types in SEVEN and done better I might add.  The scene where the female victim who had escaped from Jigsaw was the best part of the movie. You actually cared at that point. She explains the contraption that was on her head and what she had to do to survive, see the movie if ya wanna know, I'm not gonna spoil it for ya.  The freaky little mechanical doll was also a nice touch. But once we go back to the two guys chained to pipes in a bathroom, you just don't care.  All the scenes when finally produced and put together seemed to be a patchwork of edited parts.  You put the dead guy scene here, the freaked out guy scene here, a screaming little girl scene, a weird mechanical doll scene here, and shake it all about, you do the movie making and you turn a profit now, that's what it's all about!! Sorry.  And the ending, well, let's just say...So what!!  It felt to me like the script was written with a lot of holes in it and they filled those in is as they shot the movie and just said, "Well what do we do for an ending?  When it ends, your just wondering "What the hell? Why is he so pissed at these people?  These questions are answered, but it just felt like the killer's identity was decided on after they shot most of the movie. This movie could have been much much better, but it's attempt at a SEVEN type scare, just wasn't there.  Also, the director loves to use the fast motion effect, but it was way to abused.  I gave it 2 stars because of the dark settings, mood and the odd contraptions that Jigsaw used were innovative, but all the dark settings and weird contraptions can not make up for a weak story line.  I was more freaked out by the flying monkeys in WIZARD OF OZ.
 I saw this in distribution. I actually had to turn my head at certain points. This, along with Trent Reznor's soundtrack made for a great splatter flick. I thought the uncut version could only be better.....WRONG. It is not nearly as tense and nerve-racking as the theater version. Plus, they have replaced Reznor's soundtrack with something else. In this case, the orginal was much better. Be warned!
 Acting
 There were some things that didn't make sense in this movie. For starters, the Asian cop who was killed in that house of horrors. You would think there would be a major criminal investigation in that place. But no. Nothing. And why did they go alone instead of calling for backup? That didn't make sense. Another thing, we're to believe these people are being put through all this because of something bad they've done in their lives but the two main characters in the film who are chained up have done nothing wrong. The doctor was going to have an affair but he didn't. The other guy who works at the hospital...well there weren't any questions answered about him. I can't bring up the biggest problem in the movie without giving the ending away. All in all, the movie was all right. I liked the set up but it lacked suspense and the plot just didn't make sense.
 I thought the story itself was really good and really interesting, however, I thought the acting was lacking. It did have some intense and suspenseful moments, but not as many as I was hopping for. I also wasn't scared at all, which really suprised me seeing as how the commercials looked really spooky. All in all I was very disappointed!  I did like how the movie ended, though.
 This movie has a great plot but as it was one of the first released titles on Blu-Ray it has poor picture quality.  If you want to show off your new blu-ray player try to get some of the more recently released titles as they have much better picture quality.
 OK, other reviewers have eruditely dissected the basic contrivances and joys or dissapointments found within, so I'll cut to the chase as this seems like a film you'll either find clever or absolutely loathe. Give yourself 1 point for every statement you agree with in the quiz below
 I went to go see SAW with high expectations and thought I'd leave the theatre with chills!!  ..That's not the case. Although it gets off to a good start and does have its creepy moments (such as the elaboration on the situations of the Jigsaw Killer's victims)and the moment where the saws are discovered... But what ultimately killed this movie for me was the horrible acting displayed by the actor playing the doctor (one of the victims trapped). That and the fact that (***SPOILER***) there were two instances where the kidnapper could've easily been killed...those two scenes I found utterly ridiculous because the victims allowed the killer to live.  Just don't set your expectations high for this kind of film. The acting's cringe-wrothy, as is the car-chasing scene with Danny Glover and the Jigsaw Killer's apprentice..
 When I first heard the concept several months ago, I was left under the impression that this was a one-room, high-octane character drama in the same vein as the wonderful CUBE. Very excited, I was.  Obviously the trailer reveals that it's not all set in the same filthy subterranean room, but I saw this on opening night, without exposure to the marketing, so my expectations were high.  Adam and Lawrence wake up chained to the pipes on either side of an anonymous bathroom, with a dead body sprawled between them. They soon come to learn (through the cassettes addressed to each of them and the dictaphone in the dead man's hand) that they are the latest victims of the 'killer' the media has dubbed Jigsaw. Serial sadist and morbid genius, Jigsaw drugs and abducts individuals who he deems worthy of participation in his experiments. He places people in suitably ironic kill or be killed situations. Either Adam kills Lawrence, Lawrence kills Adam, or they're left there to rot together.  The story is told in a series of expository flashbacks, revealing characters and their contrived relationships piece by piece. Heralding plot twist after plot twist, each one more convoluted than the last.  In order to facilitate the showcasing of the numerous elaborate deaths that befell Jigsaw's previous victims, we are presented with a totally superfluous cop character (Danny Glover). A man whose obsessive desire to apprehend Jigsaw and avenge his partner has cost him his job. A walking genre clich&eacute;, basically.  What struck me as most odd was the direction during the death scenes. The camera sweeps 360 degrees around the room, edited into a hyperkinetic seizure, and thrash metal plays while the victims attempt to escape their predicament in super-fast motion. It's weird. Not to mention totally contrary to the mood inherent to that gloomy, psychotic subject matter. (However, the scene involving the reverse bear-trap and the key in the dead man is brilliantly realised, I admit.)  The film is gorier, louder and less intelligent than SE7EN (to which it owes its existence), and has brought the cycle of 'serial killers with gimmicks' movies - that Fincher's masterpiece started and THE BONE COLLECTOR was thought to have limply concluded - to its ridiculous, overblown nadir. I can't conceive of someone reacting with anything other than a groan when they throw that one final pathetic twist at you - evidently they are, though. It's getting rave reviews.
 This movie was very run of the mill. Unless you still think speeding up the camera and fast editing are cutting edge, It reminds me of recent MTV videos. The worst part was the acting, I love the princess bride guy (Cary Elwes) but man was he bad, to his credit some of the lines he was given were absurd. The Writer of the movie (who played opposite him) was actually pretty good, but i guess its becuase i knew he wasnt a real actor so i gave him some slack. The movie starts out good enough, but it never ever hit the stride that told me it was going to be a hit, or even a cult hit. Maybe i should have given it 3 stars but i gave it 2 because i had to counter all those people who gave it 5 stars (The Godfather deserves 5 stars, not SAW!) Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd could easily have been cast. Oh, And i do get the point of the movie, although it still does not help.
 This is a movie about a cereal killer with a voyeristic [...] The movie was a great idea, but the story wasn't thought out very well. There are holes in the plot you could drive a Semi-truck through. The antagonist is a very good actor, but the other actors are deffinitly lacking. Poor lighting, aparently designed to be "spooky", makes some scenes unbearable to watch. I don't know what movie some other reviewers were watching, but it seems we watched diffrent films. I think people were sucked in because the plot and or mystery was not predictable, but a mystery that doesn't make any sense is no mystery, it's a confusing story that shouldn't be told. For a really good mystery the viewer should be given the chance of figuring out the mystery as the story developes. Saw did none of that. There was no way to figure out what was going on or who was doing it while the story was unfolding. Stay away from this movie (a series now that Saw2 is out). If you want an excellent mystery/plot-twister try The Usual Suspects or The Sixth Sense or even the 80's flick Clue was better than this theatrical roadkill of a movie. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that I believe very few movies have absolutly no entertainment value. Saw did have some decent gore/bloody scenes worth checking out. If you must buy this film at least show some brains and buy it from Amazon.
 to me this movie looked great in the previews and I always enjoy horror movies that critics give bad ratings to. But I agree with them this time. At first I thought I was going to sleep with the light on until I saw the ending. THE ENDING IS....... THERE ISN'T A REAL ENDING JUST A VICTIM BEING LOCKED IN A DARK ROOM. If you want to see a scary movie this isn't one to see unless you only like to watch the beginning of movies
 I was sure that it would be really scary; however I was wrong. It is one of those movies which do not raise your heartbeat and do not have any real special effects. You can buy it maybe for your DVD collection, bout do not pay too much.
 Ever rented a scary movie, expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear, and instead ended up howling in laughter at each and every stupid turn of the plot?  This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare the viewer.  I feel like Saw tried to follow Se7en's incredibly fascinating psychological theme, but failed miserably in doing so.  I was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of the killer. The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller; believe me, it is far from that.  I didn't understand, or care, why any of the characters were acting the way they did; or what was going to happen to them. What was Adam's lesson that he was supposed to learn? Yes, the doctor needed to be there, but what was Adam's crime? Maybe I just missed something.
 The original Saw opens up with an interesting premise. Two guys wake up in a room together...no, it's not that kind of movie! They're both chained to the wall and given a...wait for it, wait for it...SAW! Through the course of the film they have to follow various clues in order to find a way out of the room. There is also a countdown they have to worry about.  The writers aren't able to make this premise fully work, and are forced to resort to flashbacks and a side story involving Danny Glover. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. First, because the flashbacks allow us to see Jigsaw's, the mysterious villain, more elaborate traps. Second, because you just can't complain when Murtaugh is on screen.  The Jigsaw traps are clever, and involve barbed wire, someone getting burned to death, and a contraption that could potentially tear off someone's jaw. I won't get into too much detail for those of you who haven't seen this movie. I'll save the spoilers for later.  There's a lot of nitpicking you could do on the first two-thirds of the film. For example, the flashback are supposed to be told by one character but include things he never would have seen or known about, the camera effects are annoying, and the surviving victim has a really dumb line. I was able to ignore these because it was an interesting premise and had potential. However, I was unable to ignore the last third of the film which had some of the laziest screenwriting I've seen in a while.  **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler...oh, you get the idea.  Cary Elwes gets out of character at the end of the film. For most of the movie he's a calm and collected, but turns on the overacting button at the very end. This isn't all his fault because he has to sell certain actions that make no sense. Early in the film Elwes' character, Dr. Gordon, tells Adam, the other man in the room, to use his shirt to get an object out of reach. At the end of the film Dr. Gordon has to reach a cell phone in order to find out if his family is all right. Instead of following his own advice, he decides to cut off his own leg. I know everybody's been waiting for this the entire film, but does it have to be so contrived. The worst part is that he does take off his shirt, but instead of using it to get the phone he uses it as a tourniquet!  One of the big surprises of the film is that the man who we've been lead to believe is Jigsaw is in fact merely being used by Jigsaw. It turns out that Jigsaw has given him a poison and won't give him the antidote unless he follows his instructions. We've seen this character before as an orderly at a hospital. Let me repeat that
 No, please. This is blood in the name of suspense. This has gone really far.  Let's see. Is it NECESSARY to spoil a not bad plot with so much blood? I was really interested in what was the reason of such a game. I am giving two stars because the thing is original overall. But the interest is soon forgotten as you take more care in find out if some blood has splitted over you.  And this is not the only bad thing. It is very annoying to see Danny Glover in such an awful role. When actors are getting older they must have a decent job. It is simple
 As a rule, the odds of discovering a gem in an increasingly lackluster genre of horror are rather small.  More often than not, these hopefuls turn out to be shallow and laughable (to use an epithet so abhorred by the director of Ju-On on his commentary to the deleted scenes).  It is with great regret that I must inform all those curious souls who discern quality, that "Saw is pretty much glorified trash.  It was a shock to see Danny Glover take part in this production, and a shame that even in this obscure flick, his part was reduced to the elemental obsessive cop personality.  That, in turn, left much space for the horrendous "Westley (a memorable role in "The Princess Bride") to deliver most ridiculous lines and, nearing the dubious conclusion, incessant and annoying sobbing .  All in all -- don't bother.  As for some arcane comparisons to "Seven -- not even close.  The integrity of the cast and the filmmaking in the latter is far beyond "Saw's range, aside from the fact that "Seven came out some 10 years ago.  Better luck next time.
 This movie was not bad but it wasnet good either it's just there. The acting was really bad and I mean bad it's funny to watch them act becouse you dont believe them at parts and you want to tell them to get acting lessons. The story is ok about two men changed to the wall and they have to saw there arms or legs off to survive. The film has lots of pointless charactors and the film i found draged on at times. The film did have some disterbing and scary moments and the ending was pretty good. Overall it;s worth to watch once but it's not great or good and not as good as people where saying it was.
 O.k.  I love how hollywood pumps up the hype on all these lame  SO CALLED HORROR FLIMS! 2 guys in a room for a long time, Wow scary!! GO get SHAUN OF THE DEAD OR BUBBA HO-TEP! those are the only cool FUN movies out in a long time! Oh the new Texas chainsaw re-make was damn cool too.
 "Saw is a pretty turgid affair despite the quick-cut, snappy title sequence a la David Fincher. The great title sequence of "Saw is about the extent of the creative, adventurous juices on view in this film. And the actual director of this film, James Wan (what an appropriate name!) didn't have anything to do with the title sequence
 Firstly Yes the Movie Looked Excellent On the Trailer, But Like Lots Now adays, It the Old saying Great Trailer Bad Flim. The Review say Lots of Blood and Shocking Moments.. But after the First 10 Minutes, the Once Scary Movie turns into a Guy telling a Story about this serial Killers and few murders he did, Which ain't really scary at all...  If this Film Class as being shocking Or Blood fill, then I must of fell asleep when i was watching it.Unless you count Blood on the Floor as Gore.. Ok At the End there finally a Moment of Eyes closing when the Saw is Used, But that's 15 Seconds, All you see is a guy with a cloth in His Mouth..Coming to the End, i thought i was watching the usual suspects...........  If you want to watch a Thriller, then watch this...if you want to watch REAL HORROR MOVIE...Then WatchClassic *Silence of the Lambs..
 This movie looks totally stupid.  I agree with the other reviewers, this is just a lame wannabe version of SEVEN.  It tries and wants so hard to be "arty or "crazy that it just isn't.  Silence of the Lambs was better.  For a Halloween movie, Nightmare before Christmas is still much better.  This is like a lame, ridiculous stereotype of the genre.  Boo, indeed.  Just another attempt to squeeze money out of a Holiday while putting no real feeling into a film.
 At first I really enjoyed this movie but the last half was okay and the ending was so excrucitaingly awful I fealt like I wasted an hour and a half just for a stupid ending like that.
 The movie was what I expected. I needed to watch it for class, but I'm never wasting my money on Amazon Video again. It froze three or four times through the movie, and the quality of the video was really bad.
 Beautifully filmed, but utterly stupid in its meandering and dumb plot. I'd love to smack Kyle MacLachlan's character over the head about fifty times with a rubber mallet. He may well be the single most stupid and naive dolt in all of cinema and I'm not sure that Lynch meant to make him quite that stupid. Movie tries to be cool and creepy and weird ( Hey, small towns have strange people in them, too! ) Whoopee-stinkin'-doo, I say.  I had an acquaintance who used to say  I hate weirdness that exists for weirdness' sake only.  Now I know what he meant. Pass.
 Let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film should see "Blue Velvet on principle alone-- this review is intended for people who have seen it, and thus contains SPOILERS.  David Lynch's "Blue Velvet is that rare breed of film
 I loved Mulholland Drive so next on the "Lynch list for me was Blue Velvet. It started off with some interesting things happening but just sort of spun its wheels and rather abruptly ended with a pretty standard, pre-canned movie ending that took some steam out of it so to speak.  The acting was OK. Laura Dern looks damned young here...and, well, she was young here.  The problem is that her acting wasnt very polished. She has grown leaps and bounds since this so thats good.  Kyle McLauchlin was decent but he didnt have any or portray any of that small-town goodness which he needed to show more of to be more believable and to add a sense of "wow to this whole caper. Dennis Hopper was his usual obnoxious self.  He had some funny moments but became rather annoying towards the end as his crazy guy "act was becoming tiresome.  Isabella Rosellini is pretty hot and does a great job with a very tough role so hats off to her. She was easily the best character in the movie.  The plot grabbed me from the beginning but nothing really came of it. It just sort of built itself up and then dissolved into the same old stuff without much fanfare. I was expecting some more interesting twists (like Mulholland Drive) or at least a little deeper plot arc.  It never came though and before I knew it it was over and that was that. Nothing really notable or revealing here, just a pretty basic movie. I get the whole "Even in small-town USA there are crazy thing going on message but to be honest, maybe the film doesnt age well since nothing I saw was even that amazingly bad or disturbing. The "rape scene had its "ohhhhh moments but even that had some tongue-in-cheek(meant to be silly) antics which killed the "horror of it or the "disturbing nature of it.  Go ahead and try it out but I was rather underwhelmed by this effort and after the mind-blowing Mulholland Drive, this was mostly a let-down.  Only Recommended as a rental...
 Blue Velvet would be an interesting movie if it wasn't so confusing. As I watched it, I couldn't figure out what was going on. The whole plot itself  was a little weak, but the performances of Isabella Rossellini, Dennis  Hopper, and Laura Dern were great. Maybe it's just one of those movies that  you either love or you hate.
 Dennis Hopper is a Great actor, Kyle McLachlan is better than average.  But why they would agree to be in this weird, confusing movie is beyond me.  Why does Kyle sleep with Rosselini when he already has a girlfriend?  And  when he knows he could be killed at her house if Frank shows up?  Yes, this  was the weirdest movie I have ever seen, weirder than Existenz or a  Clockwork Orange.  I didn't think the plot was very developed, I though the  motivation for the characters' action went mostly unexplained, and I did  not understand why so many people love this movie...But if you do love it,  good for you - at least Lynch has made some people happy.  I am just  voicing my opinion, not putting down anyone who loves this film.  Like some  have said, this film is not for everyone.  I give it 2 stars (instead of 1)  because it was original, even though I didn't like it, and Dennis Hopper  was convincing as the villain.
 There are enough opinons about this movie to make it mandatory viewing for anyone who likes things a bit off center. It has interesting characters and visuals, but is short on plot and acting. Kyle McLachan and the rest of the cast are not very interesting to watch; Dennis Hopper is, but goes over the top to the point where his character is almost comical. Some satire going on here too, which not everybody "gets. Watch it once to see what all the fuss is about, but it's more something to render judgement on than to enjoy.
 I've lived in the suburbs all of my life, and I wouldn't live anywhere else. As I look back over the years, some neighbors were quirky and most experienced some form of difficulty in their lives, but most were very decent people. Was there a secret "dark underbelly to the 'burbs? Not really, except for the dads who hid Playboys in their offices, couples who divorced, and parents who aborted their unborn children, deemed "defective through amniocentisis.  In fact, as often as not, most people that I remember lived lives of quiet heroism, not desperation. Does this film reveal anything besides a diseased mind? None that I can think of. Like most celebrated modern artists, intellectuals, and writers, Lynch's work probably reflects his private vices more than any existing reality.  Sure, David Lynch can present intriguing, dark and mysterious images. But in the end they're just that, a string of intriguing, dark and mysterious images, ultimately leading nowhere. If the idea of walking through a dead-end labyrinth appeals to you, then you'll like this movie.
 To make a long story short-this movie is not a masterpiece, calling it that would be laughable.This is a mediocre film at best.There is nothing shocking or controversial or boundary breaking about it, as has been said.Truth to be told the film starts out intriguingly and you're actually thinking this is going to be a great movie, it is a little strange, but nevertheless convincing and even fascinating.This keeps up for about ten minutes, and then the film becomes a typical mystery with nothing new to offer.IN fact,only thanks to Dennis Hopper's convincing role as drug-addicted maniac Frank Booth, did I keep watching this.None of the other performances were convincing,and Isabella Rossellini was just pathetically laughable,her portrayl was completely overblown, and overacted.I know I'm going to get about 30 negative votes for this, but I could care less.One of the most unjustly overrated films of all time.Not to mention the ending was like something out of a Lifetime movie,yes that predictable and unnafecting.And I guess,if you're really bored one Saturday night you could rent this movie for mild distraction.That's all I got from it.See Mulholland DR. instead
 I saw Mulholland Dr, Dune, and Eraserhead,  and I was like  wow, David Lynch is a pretty crazy dude, I'll see Blue Velvet since everybody seems to call it his masterpiece.  Well, I found it to be much less than that.  One of the most common descriptions is  deeply disturbing.  Which part?? The only character that was remotely disturbing was Dennis Hopper, but that was it.  The dark underworld of midwestern suburbia . Oh yeah? He sure does get into the  dark underworld . Jeffrey gets driven in a car and punched in the face. Big deal.  The previous Lynch movies I saw really made you think. Trying to understand his movie plots in a logical fashion is futile, you have to think abstract. Well, not with this one. This movie just has a cliched murder/mystery plot with...a happy ending? What is this? This is not the Lynch I enjoy.  If you want a murder/mystery movie that really makes you think, see Mulholland Dr. That movie is incredible.
 Blue Velvet, adored by all gothics, S&M enthusiasts, and geeky, self-described (i.e., uneducated) 'film buffs,' leaves you with the same exasperation and puzzlement endemic to David Lynch films.  Proponents of Blue Velvet will tell you that it explores the 'dark side' of everyday life, what mainstream America doesn't really want to address...don't buy into it.  Lynch's vision cannot stand in for anything that most of us will ever experience, and its absurd exaggerations drive the point home.  Perhaps the problem is watching this movie with twenty years worth of perspective, or maybe it was always this mediocre; whatever the case, Dennis Hopper is more overdramatic than scary, and (again, as is the m.o. of Lynch) the plot is hardly satisfying.  The characters make irrational choices, with absolutely no explanation (why does Laura Dern suddenly forget that her new boyfriend has been sleeping with the psychotic woman they have been watching?).  The final scene is particularly troubling...not because it 'shakes the foundations of cinema and everyday life,' but because it plays out without any coherence (the shady detective standing in the apartment, with no explanation for why he is suddenly immobile?).  If you've seen Mulholland Drive or Lost Highway, you will not be surprised by the seemingly arbitrary confusion Lynch too often indulges.  Whereas other experimental filmmakers seem to have a point to make with their choices, one has the feeling that Lynch instead constructs a pseudo-mystery without bothering to let the audience ever understand.  In all fairness, at the time of Blue Velvet Lynch had not yet reached the stage of simply throwing unconnected and unexplained plot twists into his film; still, most viewers will be left wondering what the hell they just watched, and why it has been canonized in American cult-cinema.
 I love hoppers role in this movie, he is evil and twisted enough, but that's about as far as the good goes on this movie.  ..... I think the movie began aggravating me around the point when the sang the blue velvet song for the 20th time in the film (the whole thing) bunch of time killing if you ask me, as sign of a bad movie!! The character of hopper is enough to keep you watching this, and waiting to see what will happen next, but that's about is far as it goes, boring movie, stupid movie - because anyone else in this ladies situation would have done something to get out of the situation. Verdict
 This seemed really cool... A gettysburg doc. in HD...what could be better right??? Well jokingly i have said before that the only thing they got right with this film was the spelling of Gettysburg. I was discusted after 8 minutes of watching it. The HD was great dont get me wrong on that but the mis-facts were terrible. The film depicted the potential of taking culps hill in the middle of the day when the order was presented late at night in very dark pennsylvania. And the screwed with the names of the Generals during the first day of the battle... Overall it was terrible but I would not suggest buying it even though it is listed very cheap for blu-ray.
 I never thought that people designing a documentary would get basic facts incorrect but these people did. There were several inaccuracies regarding the Battle of Gettysburg. Probably too many to list and most wouldn't be appreciated except by Civil War buffs. The historical actors were stilted, especially in their dialogue. Oh and they used some questionable sources arguing the American Civil War was fought because of slavery. While that was certainly a sub factor there's a bigger scope as to how this war came about and anyone uninformed who chooses to watch this documentary will be severely misled. Don't buy it. WHEN WATCHED
 There are bank heist movies in which everything is meticulously planned. They have a detailed blueprint of the bank which they pore over. There's a steely-eyed safe cracker with a satchel full of sophisticated equipment. They rehearse the heist using a carefully constructed scale model. They synchronize their watches when the caper begins.  Well, that's not "High Life. This film has a lame-brained scheme involving ATM's. Hasty planning done in a morphine-induced haze. Three members of the four-man crew desperately need a shave, shower, and fumigation. The other guy is clean, too clean. (You'll have to suffer through it if you want to find out what that means.)  The film spends a lot of time pointlessly recreating 1983. There's a sickening mixture of slapstick humor and heartless violence. I wasted my time watching this. I'll give it two stars out of respect for the cast, which I feel did its best with what was some very poor material.
 I'm a world history teacher, and I am going to China later this summer for a three-week vacation/adventure. I spent a lot of time in my class covering Chinese history, so it was only natural that I would watch this. I enjoyed it a lot - but mostly because I was familiar with the basics of the material it covered. Otherwise, I would have been totally lost. The plot concerns how Sun Yat Sen and his followers fight a lot of battles to defeat the corrupt Qing dynasty and establish a Chinese republic. There's a little more to it, but not much. This is not really a martial arts movie, nor a real drama, but a curious mix of those things and a documentary.  What you get is a lot of hagiography about Sun Yat-Sen, and a lot of battles. The film is most certainly propaganda for the current regime in China, even it is somewhat veiled. Many historical figures are introduced and then. . . they disappear from view. I suspect a Chinese viewer would probably get a lot more out of it than a western viewer. The whole thing is rushed. Very, very little back story is given about either Sun OR the decline of the Qing dynasty. A better screenplay would have given us 20-30 minutes of crucial backstory, and the remainder would have had a much greater impact.  Fun to watch, but not great cinema.
 The movie starts with a failed battle in the Revolution. The reasons why the Qing dynasty is being deposed is not mentioned until later in the story and then only in abstract fashion. Much of the movie concentrates on overseas Chinese money funding the revolution as well as the attempts to stop foreign investors from loaning money to the Qing dynasty. This gives you a behind the scenes look at a revolution.  The movie was littered with patriotic slogans and noble causes to the point it interfered with the smoothness of the production as a historical piece into a modern Chinese patriot production. The message of the revolution is of self sacrifice for the good of the nation and don't forget to keep sending those dollars back home. I felt lost a few times during the film and that the producers of the movie had less historical integrity than an Oliver Stone film. The attempt to make heroes out of everyone who participated in the revolution was over done. I kept waiting for them to cut off the emperor's head and parade it through the streets and then I got really disappointed. Seems the Chinese are not French. I could never relate to the characters.
 "1911 is marketed as Jackie Chan's 100th film. I think there is no need to write about the outstanding career and incredible life story of the star (who acts as a co-director here). What I have to say is that he is just part of the ensemble cast in this Chinese historical drama. If you are looking for his martial arts action, this is not your film.  Those who are interested in the modern history of China know that 1911 is the year of the Xinhai Revolution that overthrew the Qing Dynasty. Not being an expert on Chinese history, I have only limited knowledge about the revolution. Still, I can say "1911 is beautifully shot and largely well-acted ... and feels like reading a textbook.  I'm sorry to say this, but with all respect to Jackie Chan, co-director Li Zhang (his first feature) and those who are involved in making the film, "1911 is boring, devoid of compelling narrative. Winston Chao plays a revolutionary Sun Yat-sen. Jackie Chan portrays Huang Xing, his friend and also a military commander. With a casual research through the internet, you will learn a few things about their dramatic life stories. The film is very serious and earnest (not a bad thing in itself), but fails to present the dramatic aspect of their life.  Featuring a huge cast of characters including the Empress Dowager Longyu (Joan Chen) and Huang Xing's wife Xu Zonghan (Bingbing Li), the film is often rushed. In spite of large-scale battle sequences, the film lacks emotional impact, suffering from its uneven pace and chronologically and geographically confusing narrative.  In conclusion, "1911 needs more time and a better script to be what it strives to be, an emotionally charged historical epic.
 I just watched this on Netflix - well most of it - and was disappointed.  I like historical movies and Jackie Chan but it was very difficult to keep up with this film, much less have an understanding of what was happening. It took me a few minutes to realize that the Chinese characters and English subtitles on the sides of the screen were to identify the participants, not the actors, mostly because I was trying to keep up with the dialogue subtitles.  Then the screen started displaying more and more information - descriptions of the timeline and actions.  Now, I am an avid reader and have a decent reading speed but I just could not keep up with three separate groups of text running simultaneously with the action.  The acting seemed decent, the production values great but I felt like I should have read a book first.  My memories of this time period in China from World History classes are 40+ years old. Finally turned it off.
 While this film did somewhat show that Jackie Chan is a very good actor and the photography was exceptional, it proved to be too disjointed to be,concerning the subject,"entertaining". Whoever selected the cast went out of their way to find an "American that either was naturally pathetic or was inclided to betray American's as pathetic. The first hint this was a Chinese Comm. propaganda film was the reluctance to show the revolutionary army's battle flag fully extended. The very last line in the film claimed the whole revolution was the effort of the Communists who,truth be told, did not exist for many years after the fact and had no role in 1911. This may be the reason it seemed so much was cut out. Perhaps the ChiComms deleted all materiel' that was contra to thier propaganda. The quality of the sets and the action scences are first-rate, however. The effort,on a whole,resulted in a waste of time and money when anything Jackie Chan and/or Joan Chin should be at least worth otherwise.
 Interesting historical subject matter, good production values, but ... blatant Chinese communist propaganda.  According to the film, the Qing dynasty was corrupt, and therefore had to be taken down.  Only then could freedom, peace, and prosperity break out in China.  And the work did not end with the 1911 revolution; it was continued by the communist revolution some decades later.  Apparently the communists carried forward the spirit of the 1911 revolution and brought about the "rejuvenation of the state".  The revolutionaries were virtuous, those who died were martyrs, their work was glorious, etc. etc. etc.  Read some history books and check out communist China's human rights record, and you'll get an idea of the communist version of freedom, peace, and prosperity.  Then watch the movie and enjoy a glimpse of a unique piece of world history - and a taste of communism at work in the present.
 Purely a propaganda film and, while beautifully filmed and mostly well acted (with some exceptions among the American characters), doesn't rise above being a propaganda film.
 I like Karen Voight's more recent videos, so I decided to give this one a shot. I've been doing the Firm for quite a while and I was looking for something a little more advanced. I didn't really find that here.  You need to buy ankle and thigh weights, but the squats and such are done without weight.  The repetition without weights did make it challenging -- more so than I expected.  Unfortunately, they've crammed too many people into the workout space, and they are all dressed in brilliant 80's colors. The music is also pretty 80's (weird sax--those who were around will recognize it when they hear it).  Karen's instruction is quite good and this tape is effective. Despite her talent, however, this isn't one of her best.
 In the Spring of 1974 Director Terance Young and company came to Oroville, California to film the Klansman. The locals were excited to have a big studio film made in the small town. However, when it opened at the State Theatre in Oroville, there was widespread horror. The film included a castration, an attempted rape and two rapes, plus a whole lot of racial comments and some god-awful acting. You would have thought that Richard Burton would have done well with his acting, but he was one of the worse. He was drunk and chasing an under-age girl for most of the shooting schedule and could not seem to handle the southern accent. (This may have been the incident that destroyed his and Liz Taylor's marriage.) Lee Marvin, Cameron Mitchell, Lola Falana and a few others did well in their acting but the script shot them down. It was full of racial stereotypes that probably set back racial relations for the next 100 years. (This was OJ Simpson's first film.) I was there in 1974 and saw a lot of the shooting of the movie. It's only redeeming value to me is the fact that it showed a lot of areas of Table Mountain, Cherokee, Oroville and Sugarloaf Mountain (75 miles north of Sacramento in Northern California). The scenery is beautiful but the movie is awful. There are many scenes that are unintentially funny because of the bad acting plus a hilarious scene where Richard Burton "slaps Cameron Mitchell into a blood pulp. A Classic! All in all a minor film but worth seeing if you want a laugh or two. Warning, the rape scene with Lola Falana is not for the faint of heart! Plus the castration scene makes ME grit my teeth!
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it's a joy to watch. You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of  The Klansman.  Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka. He arrived in Oroville, California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny's waitress. His costar, Lee Marvin, was also drinking a bottle a day. Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments. Burton, as usual, dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful, to say the least. Marvin's acting is much better, but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script, he can't fare much better. The highlights has to be the scene in the bus station when Burton karate chops poor Cameron Mitchell nearly to death. The movie was so cheaply edited that you can clearly hear director Terrence Young yelling,  Cut, Cam! Get up! Cut!  They don't even bother to edit out the director's instructions. You will be laughing yourself into a choking fit during this lengthy bus station melee, This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers. If you appreciate a terrible script, crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming, you'll love this one.
 Firstly,this is not a great film,but what gets me is that films once passed and realiesed,should be left complete and in their proper run time.This vhs copy is the only real 112m version on the market,all the dvds have scenes missing,why bother putting them out if not whole.It has happened to lots of movies over the years.The Klansmen is one that has been a victim of polictial correctness,as a film buff I find this a pity,ok the subject matter is not for everyone,and we hope in our modern society we do not full back into this race hate time zone,but this is part of 70s movie history,let future movie fans see it as it was made,as for burton and marvin being drunk on set,well again let the film be judged by yourself,I for one think they were,and to finish buy this copy as no way will it get a blu ray realise,not for the subject matter,but because hollywood wishes to move 100,000 copies of a film not a couple of 100s,get this vhs copy before its gone forever. Guy Vase Aberdeen Scotland,oh and film gets two stars for its time in movie history not for being any good,just shows how some movies have been made in the past
 Yes, The Movie itself is a great work but the picture quality from this Blu Ray Version shows almost no difference from that of DVD. Personally disappointed in this point very much. it doesn't seem to have the remastered process for this blu ray. So Personally <a href="http
 this is a review of the DVD and not the film. I don't think I could add any more to what has already been said about one of John Wayne's best but seldom seen films until it was released on video. It was made in 3D in 1953 before movies were made in wide screen. I was really looking forward to the blu-ray release. Unfortunately, they letterboxed a movie that was not made in wide screen. They simply cut the bottom and top of the picture off. If you have seen the film as it was meant to be seen you can tell. Starting in 1956 the studios told their dirctors that if they were going to shoot a film in standard 1.33 to 1 ration that their movies would be cropped in the theaters and to shoot their films accordingly. This lead to a number of films having some dead space at the top or bottom of the film. manyd films such as "Support Your Local Sheriff and "The Devil at 4 O'Clock were filmed that way. Hondo was made before this practice was started. For me this is unforgivable and I will be returning my blu-ray. This is the same as releasing a widescreen movie in pan and scan.
 This video seems much more geared toward older children and adults than the typical Sesame Street age child. The dialouge linking the video segments together does not hold the interest of my 19 month old. The music segments are more interesting to me than they are to her.  It does very little to engage my young viewer. I would suggest Barney, Blues Clues, or Bear in the Big Blue House over this video, especially for the under three crowd.
 After owning/renting numerous Elmo and Sesame Street DVDs, this seemed to be among the more disappointing because
 The songs on this video are entertaining.  But for the parent of an 18-month-old who wants to actually watch Elmo in action, the video is disappointing.  Elmo plays a small role in the video.  It would be great to see much more of Elmo actually singing.
 This video doesn't entertain or captivate my children like the other Elmo videos we love(Best of Elmo, Wild West, and Adv. in Grounchland).  Don't waste your money on this one.
 Our toddler loves Elmo, and loves all the musical numbers on Sesame Street. We were looking for something that would just focus on the Sesame Street songs and videos so we wouldn't have to fish through a whole episode of Sesame Street to find them one song at a time. This video only slightly accomplishes this.  It's a cute little show. It is quickly obvious that it aired on TV in the 90s. It's littered with B-list celebs with some comical appearances from those who fell off the face of the earth and a few young versions of those that are still around. There is lots of filler, and the songs are just Okay. This has all the merits of what should be free content, so my 2-star score is relative to paying $10 for the streaming/download version. Don't pay for it unless you really really really need some on-demand children's music videos. Free content is generally equal to better quality...this is just slightly more convenient.
 I love this move.  In fact, this is probably my favorite JW movie besides  The Cowboys.   I hate the DVD transfer!  The quality looks like it was recorded straight from the old film reels without any restoration at  all.  I have seen much beter quality versions on tape and even TV.  If you  really want this DVD, then get it because it is fairly cheap, but remember,  you get what you pay for.
 The new Paramount edition is what we've been waiting for. Great escapist fun and best of all, the picture is gorgeous. If you're a John Wayne/McLintock fan you will love this edition and wonder why it took them so long to release it. My only comment is that the Introduction plays everytime you view the video, but its very interesting and can be skipped easily. I'm also glad there are plenty of extras on this disc. As far as the film the high point for me is the sense that the actors are really enjoying themselves. Bravo.  Prior Version about Goodtimes Video  As others have stated this is an extremely terrible copy. I actually spent most of my time trying to figure out why it looks so bad. Why are some of the scenes good looking and others just awful. The telencine was very poorly done and not consistent. How did this happen? Was this a first try that was abandoned? Was the pan-and-scan an early version that had not quite worked out the details. I'm really curious about how this "version which is poor, edited, and blurry able to be released and sold here and at stores like Walmart.  I also noticed that the packaging mentiones it as an "unauthorized edition.  I love John Wayne films, particularly with Mrs. Ohara and would hope a real DVD edition comes out.  Still the great story line makes the film worth watching, even if the stereotypical attitude towards the Comanche is a bit dated.
 McClintock! is an excellent John Wayne Western, lots of laughs, and of course nothing beats the chemistry that John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara bring to the screen.  Sadly however, the quality of this DVD is extremely poor, making it difficult to enjoy.  A VHS copy of a TV airing of McClintock! would be better than what you get on this DVD!  Lots of scratchy sections, poor focus, and audio volume keeps dropping out.
 This particular product (not the authorized version) of the was a very grainy copy, the copy was blotchy like it had been posterized. Also several scenes are missing.
 Unfortunatly this DVD is poor quality. The sound track doesn't always match the mouths of actors and there is a shadow or double image particularly in the beginning. I was very disapointed. Thinking of returning this DVD. Bird Lady
 Always loved the movie but this recording was cheaply dubbed from a bad vhs tape. There are different versions to buy so save your money and your eyes.
 Excellent movie, but the quality of the DVD is terrible-very grainy.  It's like they copied a videotape.
 I just recieved the DVD and watched it - I DON'T LIKE the picture. The movie itself is great but the quality of the picture and sound is bad. Disappointed!
 I tried two different players, it wouldn't play on one and played poorly on the other. The quality on the one that would play it was very poor. A very poor reproduction. The video was dark and the audio was poor as well. It looked like a hijacked version. I sent it back and Amazon replaced it, but the problem was also in the second disk. I returned the second disk as well and the Amazon credited my account for both disks. I was satisfied with Amazon's response, but disappointed with the product, because I'm a big John Wayne fan.
 I watched this movie frequently as a kid and loved it so i decided to buy it, the quality on most of it is good but it seemed like they cut scenes from different versions so some of the picture it poor. i would not recommend this, i would look for a different version like a anniversary copy.
 Words cannot express how disappointed I am by the quality of this tape.  Expecting the wonderful movie that so many know and love, I purchased this video only to discover on the back of the video sleeve that this is an  edited version of the original.  That's fine, but what these people did is  unacceptable!  They deleted all the original music, including background  music, plus they deleted voices, and background sounds and replaced them!  I could not even recognize John Wayne's drawl, (I don't think it's even his  voice) and Maureen O'Hara's brogue has been replaced with the voice of  someone else!  On top of that, the timing is way off!  I ended up turning  the sound off and watching the movie in silence.  Still a wonderful view,  but for someone who went so far as to name her daughter  Kathryn   after the spirited character O'Hara plays, I am thoroughly disgusted.  This  change should be noted in the description for those of us who care about  quality.
 The movie is one of my favorites the Duke ever made. I was really excited to see it on DVD. I can't describe my disappointment and frustration as I watched it over Christmas. The recording of the movie was made from a very poor film copy. Many scenes are blurry - totally out of focus. Film scratches are continuous. Don't buy this - wait for someone else to re-master it so it's watchable!
 Charles Bronson is realistically nervous taking on NYC's muggers, robbers and assailants after the murder of his wife, but what was once a shocking expose of big city crime and ruthlessness now merely looks ugly and sad, with only detective Vincent Gardenia's pungent asides to give the film a little humanity. Bronson can't seem to go for a walk without a vicious thug picking him out, and while the film isn't very dated, it is over-the-top in its cheap nastiness. The brackish color and dawdling pace are other handicaps that make the whole queasy enterprise slightly stultifying.
 I read all the positive reviews for this movie; I saw a segment of the transformation sequence.  So I went out and rented it.  Now let's get a few things clear first.  I'm a HUGE fan of Werewolf and Horror films, and I think that people should avoid the use of CGI and computer generated effects whenever possible.  I also hate the majority of modern bubble gum horror films I.E. Scream I know what you did last summer, Etc.  So with the Reviews and Ratings for this classic flick from the 80's and absolutely no CGI, I  felt I couldn't pass this one up.  And for what went wrong...  Yes, the Transformation sequence is AMAZING simply put.  And the humor put in with the film fits it well.  But the thing that drags the movie down to a 2 star rating is that at the end, I felt that very disappointed.  Not that it was depressing or anything, but by the end, it felt incomplete, I didn't care and I felt that I could have rented/watched something better.  Nothing came out of the experience of watching the movie.  I wasn't on the edge of my seat.  The acting while good enough, wasn't great and at times is very bland.  And the scene of the first werewolf attack is laughable.  It's the head of the dog being maneuvered by 1 guy.  And due to the camera angles, (in that scene) it looks cheesy, dark and poorly done.  I have seen the behind the scenes footage for this on an HBO special.  The werewolf in its final form looks more like a small black pathetic dog than anything else.  And what is with the Guy's nightmare with the Nazi (?) werewolves barging into his home, and shooting up the place, etc.  My friend and I were laughing so hard at its randomness and stupidity.  While the film may have been good at it's time.  And it's still worth checking out for the 1 good transformation sequence.  It doesn't work as well anymore.  If you want to see a Good werewolf movie with good acting and leans towards the Goth side a little more, I suggest renting Ginger Snaps.
 Based on the other reviews I expected some great things from this movie. I was very disappointed.  It was more of a comedy version of a horror flick.  It was just so unreal.  The gory parts were realistic, but that was it.  I would not recommend.
 I HAVE BEEN A STUDENT OF HORROR FILMS ALL OF MY LIFE. I HAVE LOVED ALL THE CLASSIC HORROR FILMS FROM UNIVERSAL STUDIOS, RKO STUDIOS, AMERICAN-INTERNATIONAL PICTURES, WILLIAM CASTLE'S FILMS, MANY OF THE SILENT HORROR FILMS AND ON AND ON. AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON, RELEASED IN 1981, WAS A MAJOR LETDOWN BECAUSE THE EXPECTATIONS OF THE FILM WERE SO SKY HIGH. IT WAS HYPED TO THE MAX BY FANGORIA MAGAZINE AND SO WE WENT INTO THE THEATER EXPECTING TO SEE A REALLY GREAT WEREWOLF FILM.  JOHN LANDIS WROTE AND DIRECTED THIS FILM. IT HAD DRAMA, HORROR, ROMANCE, ACTION, GORY BLOODY SPECIAL EFFECTS AND HORROR. BUT VERY LITTLE BY WAY OF SUSPENSE AND MYSTERY AND ATMOSPHERE. THE STORY LACKED A COHESIVE STRUCTURE AND DEPTH OF CHARACTER, IN MY OPINION.  YES, RICK BAKER'S EFFECTS WERE TRULY OUTSTANDING BUT THEY WERE THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE MOVIE AND THE FILM ITSELF TOOK A BACK SEAT TO THE SPECIAL EFFECTS. MANY PEOPLE THINK THIS WAS A GREAT FILM BECAUSE OF THE EFFECTS. YOU CANNOT JUDGE A FILM, BASED MAINLY ON THE EFFECTS. IT HAS TO BE A REALLY INTERESTING FILM TO SUCCEED AS A HORROR FILM.  WHAT HORROR THERE WAS IN THIS FILM WAS WATERED DOWN BY JOHN LANDIS' ATTEMPTS AT DARK HUMOR AND CHEESY COMEDY. SOME OF THE ATTEMPTS AT COMEDY IN THIS FILM WERE IN BAD TASTE AND WEREN'T THAT FUNNY TO START WITH. THE SUSPENSE WAS MISSING IN THE STORY.  YOU WANT TO SEE PLOTS THAT HAVE A PROGRESSIVE STORY STRUCTURE. YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE PLOTS THAT DO U-TURNS. EVERY TIME I THOUGHT THIS FILM WAS GOING TO SETTLE DOWN AND TURN INTO A GOOD HORROR FILM, THE STORY WOULD FLIP ITSELF OVER AND DO A U-TURN WITH IT'S SCENES THAT STRAY INTO THE AREA OF COMEDY OR BLACK HUMOR. SOMETIMES THAT CAN WORK BUT, FOR ME, IT DID NOT.
 I purchased this movie because the reviews say that its better than "An American Werewolf in Paris but I dissagree.  I rather enjoy modern werewolf movies because the special effects make it more realistic, especially when the wolf shape shift's, and attacks.  If you are going to purchase one of these movies I suggest you choose <a href="http
 The movie is great (4 stars), the extra stuff not. - documentary
 Love this movie so I had to get it on blu ray.  The video quality was avg to sub par and the audio was even worse.  Save yourself the bucks and by the regular DVD and if you have a blu ray player that up-scales you'll probably like it better. Not worth the investment.
 I bought this video, and did the work out for a few months.  I don't really like the way that the sets are layed out.  There are several sets, with a cool down after each.  One set is too short, and if you want to do two you have to fast forward through the cool down and the warm up to get going again. My biggest problem with this video is the crazed Aussie instructor.  I can put up with almost any aerobics instructor, but she really really grated on me.  I have done all kinds of videos, and liked this one probably the least, because mostly of her. One funny side note.  There is a big out of place guy in the back that never keeps up, and is usually dancing to his own beat.  That was the hilight of the video for me.
 The DVD with the same title supposedly has four Backyardigan's episodes, so I assumed that the VHS did as well. However, this is not the case. So, I can only give this particular product 2 stars.  (I chose the VHS version because it was easier to use with my daughter. For example
 i have a 2 year old that is a diehard backyardigans fan.  he will sit in one spot without even blinking when the show comes on Nikelodeon in the mornings but for some reason this DVD has failed to capture his attention.  i usually enjoy the cartoon as well but this one was boring and the episodes dragged.  my son likes songs he can sing along and dance too and the songs featured on this DVD were extremely slow.  i absolutly love the show and would recommend it to anymone, but this DVD, i'd say there are much better ones out there.  =)
 Yes, The Movie itself is a great work but the picture quality from this Blu Ray Version shows almost no difference from that of DVD. Personally disappointed in this point very much. it doesn't seem to have the remastered process for this blu ray. So Personally <a href="http
 this is a review of the DVD and not the film. I don't think I could add any more to what has already been said about one of John Wayne's best but seldom seen films until it was released on video. It was made in 3D in 1953 before movies were made in wide screen. I was really looking forward to the blu-ray release. Unfortunately, they letterboxed a movie that was not made in wide screen. They simply cut the bottom and top of the picture off. If you have seen the film as it was meant to be seen you can tell. Starting in 1956 the studios told their dirctors that if they were going to shoot a film in standard 1.33 to 1 ration that their movies would be cropped in the theaters and to shoot their films accordingly. This lead to a number of films having some dead space at the top or bottom of the film. manyd films such as "Support Your Local Sheriff and "The Devil at 4 O'Clock were filmed that way. Hondo was made before this practice was started. For me this is unforgivable and I will be returning my blu-ray. This is the same as releasing a widescreen movie in pan and scan.
 If you enjoyed the "Austin Powers movies, you should really enjoy these movies. If you are a fan of Dean Martin, you should enjoy these movies. If you enjoy the Matt Helm books, avoid these movies like the plague!  I have to admit that when I first saw them on TV in the mid-70's, I really enjoyed them (I think I was 13 or 14 at the time), then I read the books they were based on and realized what Hollywood had done to them. I have watched these movie since then and I always wanted to ask Mr. Hamilton why he let the movie industry do that to his character Matt Helm. I have heard that one of the studios has purchased the rights to the books again and I really hope that they don't do this to the series again and ruin it even more for those of that really enjoy the books. Get the books and read them. I find them a lot more enjoyable that listening to "Deano crooning and boozing his way through a bunch of poorly scripted spoofs of the Bond series. Unfortunately you will probably have to settle for used, since the publishers are no longer printing any of the series that I have found, and Mr Hamilton has passed away. PS. What in the world is I.C.E.? Matt works for a agency that has no official name or designation.
 Hollywood producer Irving Allen must rank as second only to the executive at Decca records who turned down The Beatles as one of the entertainment industry's great heroic failures. In 1958, while in partnership with Harry Saltzman, he turned down a chance to buy the screen rights to James Bond, informing Ian Fleming his novels would not make good films. Saltzman later teamed with Albert R. Broccolli, re approached Fleming and the rest is history, while Mr. Allen undoubtedly gritted his teeth at the success he so misguidedly let slip by.  Determined to grab a consolation prize, Allen subsequently obtained the rights to Donald Hamilton's Matt Helm novels with a view to a film franchise to rival that of 007. Hamilton's books are gritty cynical thrillers about a CIA operative turned private detective, far removed from the colourful world of the Bond films. Allen wanted an American James Bond with glamour, gadgets and women, with a greater emphasis on spoof/comedy thrills to compete with Bond's more sophisticated tongue in cheek humour. Matt Helm was made over accordingly.  The Silencers (1966) borrowed the title and little else from the Hamilton novel (as would be the case with the later films) though material from another Helm novel , Death of a Citizen, was also utilised. Rather than cast a serious actor in the lead, Allen turned to crooner turned movie star, Dean Martin to fill the criteria of super suave agent. A former second banana to Jerry Lewis, Dino was very much nearing the end of his movie career and appears to daydream through most of the film, usually to one of his own songs of the soundtrack. The CIA became the fictional ICE, while Helm is initially a semi retired agent turned photographer. Helm reluctantly returns to ICE after the enemy organisation, BIGO, attempts to kill him. Victor Buono played the main villain as a Doctor No type complete with Asian makeover. The main gadget of the film is a gun that fires backwards - no kidding!  Murder's Row followed in 1967, retaining the main premise of the novel (kidnapped scientist) and moving the action from Chesapeake Bay to Monte Carlo. It borrowed a plot device from that year's Bond (You Only Live Twice) in which Helm fakes his own death at the opening of the film. It also featured a steel headed villain who Helm eventually defeats with a giant industrial magnet ... just as 007 would do with Jaws ten years later. Well he is entitled to borrow from his imitators once in a while.  The Ambushers (1968) was also modelled on You Only Live Twice with a plot involving hijacked spacecraft and Helm faking his own assassination. The resultant film is probably the least of the bunch with dull, plodding direction and the weakest visual gags including a cigarette that produces laughing gas!  The Wrecking Crew (1969) is the last and least remembered of the four, which is a pity in some ways as the series seemed to be getting its act into some sort of order. The tighter paced script took itself a little more seriously and boasted a classier villain in Nigel Greene, almost reprising his role from Deadlier Than The Male. Confident, perhaps, that they were finally getting it right, Allen had the closing titles proclaim Helm's impending return in The Ravagers. It proved a misplaced confidence. Dean Martin decided to quit the role and while actors James Franciscus and Adam West (TV's Batman) were briefly considered as replacements, the backing studio, Columbia, felt that the super spy bubble had now burst. The latest 007, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, was just scraping in a profit and being perceived as a failure. Of course, this situation would quickly turn around.  Six years later, Allen attempted reviving his Matt Helm franchise as a possible TV series with Tony Francisco. A pilot, simply titled Matt Helm, relocated the character back into a more realistic crime thriller as a former CIA agent turned private eye. With a low budget and the other usual restrictions on 1970s TV films, it proved an unmemorable comeback and no more were made.  For the record, Warner Bros have been talking about resurrecting Matt Helm to follow the success of the Bourne films. So far, it remains just talk.
 The disks came with a sludge on the read surface that had to be cleaned before the DvDs could be used.
 I read the book first and, as usual, it was not as good as the book.  If you are a Heath Ledger fan or have a background in addiction, you may enjoy the movie but otherwise - there are better movies to spend your money on.  Rent it before you buy it.
 Why is it that when they often have a Spanish actor, his parents, or siblings AREN'T Spanish too? Did they just choose Eli Wallach to be Antonio's dad because they liked him in another film?? NOTHING in this film works, and the actors try to hide that with silly over acting which falls flat at every turn. I expected to see some chemistry between Antonio and Melanie, since this is the movie where they met and fell in love, and yet there was ONE scene that was good, the rest was awful. Maybe the empathy came over dinners commiserating on their choosing this script. Save your money OR go buy 'Miami Rhapsody' instead, it actually IS a comedy.
 I'm a world history teacher, and I am going to China later this summer for a three-week vacation/adventure. I spent a lot of time in my class covering Chinese history, so it was only natural that I would watch this. I enjoyed it a lot - but mostly because I was familiar with the basics of the material it covered. Otherwise, I would have been totally lost. The plot concerns how Sun Yat Sen and his followers fight a lot of battles to defeat the corrupt Qing dynasty and establish a Chinese republic. There's a little more to it, but not much. This is not really a martial arts movie, nor a real drama, but a curious mix of those things and a documentary.  What you get is a lot of hagiography about Sun Yat-Sen, and a lot of battles. The film is most certainly propaganda for the current regime in China, even it is somewhat veiled. Many historical figures are introduced and then. . . they disappear from view. I suspect a Chinese viewer would probably get a lot more out of it than a western viewer. The whole thing is rushed. Very, very little back story is given about either Sun OR the decline of the Qing dynasty. A better screenplay would have given us 20-30 minutes of crucial backstory, and the remainder would have had a much greater impact.  Fun to watch, but not great cinema.
 The movie starts with a failed battle in the Revolution. The reasons why the Qing dynasty is being deposed is not mentioned until later in the story and then only in abstract fashion. Much of the movie concentrates on overseas Chinese money funding the revolution as well as the attempts to stop foreign investors from loaning money to the Qing dynasty. This gives you a behind the scenes look at a revolution.  The movie was littered with patriotic slogans and noble causes to the point it interfered with the smoothness of the production as a historical piece into a modern Chinese patriot production. The message of the revolution is of self sacrifice for the good of the nation and don't forget to keep sending those dollars back home. I felt lost a few times during the film and that the producers of the movie had less historical integrity than an Oliver Stone film. The attempt to make heroes out of everyone who participated in the revolution was over done. I kept waiting for them to cut off the emperor's head and parade it through the streets and then I got really disappointed. Seems the Chinese are not French. I could never relate to the characters.
 "1911 is marketed as Jackie Chan's 100th film. I think there is no need to write about the outstanding career and incredible life story of the star (who acts as a co-director here). What I have to say is that he is just part of the ensemble cast in this Chinese historical drama. If you are looking for his martial arts action, this is not your film.  Those who are interested in the modern history of China know that 1911 is the year of the Xinhai Revolution that overthrew the Qing Dynasty. Not being an expert on Chinese history, I have only limited knowledge about the revolution. Still, I can say "1911 is beautifully shot and largely well-acted ... and feels like reading a textbook.  I'm sorry to say this, but with all respect to Jackie Chan, co-director Li Zhang (his first feature) and those who are involved in making the film, "1911 is boring, devoid of compelling narrative. Winston Chao plays a revolutionary Sun Yat-sen. Jackie Chan portrays Huang Xing, his friend and also a military commander. With a casual research through the internet, you will learn a few things about their dramatic life stories. The film is very serious and earnest (not a bad thing in itself), but fails to present the dramatic aspect of their life.  Featuring a huge cast of characters including the Empress Dowager Longyu (Joan Chen) and Huang Xing's wife Xu Zonghan (Bingbing Li), the film is often rushed. In spite of large-scale battle sequences, the film lacks emotional impact, suffering from its uneven pace and chronologically and geographically confusing narrative.  In conclusion, "1911 needs more time and a better script to be what it strives to be, an emotionally charged historical epic.
 I just watched this on Netflix - well most of it - and was disappointed.  I like historical movies and Jackie Chan but it was very difficult to keep up with this film, much less have an understanding of what was happening. It took me a few minutes to realize that the Chinese characters and English subtitles on the sides of the screen were to identify the participants, not the actors, mostly because I was trying to keep up with the dialogue subtitles.  Then the screen started displaying more and more information - descriptions of the timeline and actions.  Now, I am an avid reader and have a decent reading speed but I just could not keep up with three separate groups of text running simultaneously with the action.  The acting seemed decent, the production values great but I felt like I should have read a book first.  My memories of this time period in China from World History classes are 40+ years old. Finally turned it off.
 While this film did somewhat show that Jackie Chan is a very good actor and the photography was exceptional, it proved to be too disjointed to be,concerning the subject,"entertaining". Whoever selected the cast went out of their way to find an "American that either was naturally pathetic or was inclided to betray American's as pathetic. The first hint this was a Chinese Comm. propaganda film was the reluctance to show the revolutionary army's battle flag fully extended. The very last line in the film claimed the whole revolution was the effort of the Communists who,truth be told, did not exist for many years after the fact and had no role in 1911. This may be the reason it seemed so much was cut out. Perhaps the ChiComms deleted all materiel' that was contra to thier propaganda. The quality of the sets and the action scences are first-rate, however. The effort,on a whole,resulted in a waste of time and money when anything Jackie Chan and/or Joan Chin should be at least worth otherwise.
 Interesting historical subject matter, good production values, but ... blatant Chinese communist propaganda.  According to the film, the Qing dynasty was corrupt, and therefore had to be taken down.  Only then could freedom, peace, and prosperity break out in China.  And the work did not end with the 1911 revolution; it was continued by the communist revolution some decades later.  Apparently the communists carried forward the spirit of the 1911 revolution and brought about the "rejuvenation of the state".  The revolutionaries were virtuous, those who died were martyrs, their work was glorious, etc. etc. etc.  Read some history books and check out communist China's human rights record, and you'll get an idea of the communist version of freedom, peace, and prosperity.  Then watch the movie and enjoy a glimpse of a unique piece of world history - and a taste of communism at work in the present.
 Purely a propaganda film and, while beautifully filmed and mostly well acted (with some exceptions among the American characters), doesn't rise above being a propaganda film.
 **1/2 In the wheezingly old-fashioned "Mona Lisa Smile, Julia Roberts joins the ranks of Robert Donat, Glenn Ford, Sidney Poitier, Sandy Dennis, Robin Williams, Edward James Olmos, Michelle Pfeiffer and Kevin Kline, all of whom have played inexperienced teachers who manage to win over and inspire their initially recalcitrant students.  It matters not whether these pupils are hardened inner city gang types or snooty prep school geniuses, the arc of the story is always the same.  The teacher, armed with a sense of optimism and a zeal to "make a difference in the students' lives, arrives at the institution nervous and unsure of whether she is really up to the challenge (or "he in the case of many of these films).  After a predictably disastrous start, in which the students belittle her idealism and efforts and attempt to take advantage of her inexperience, the teacher invariably throws out the standard, stuffy, boring curriculum and finds a way to make learning relevant, fun and engaging.  This, of course, makes her the most popular teacher at the school, but also a threat to the ossified educational establishment, which throws up endless roadblocks in an effort to keep this know-it-all upstart from upsetting the applecart.  Undeterred, the teacher manages to get down to the students' level, rapping with them as if she were one of their own, helping to solve their problems and inspiring them to take their rightful place in society as freethinking, morally upstanding individuals.  Then comes the inevitable moment when the teacher must decide, midway through the term, whether or not she will be returning for the next semester, with the student who gave the teacher the most trouble at the start pleading with her to stay on and work her magic for generations of students to come. All of this invariably culminates in a tear-soaked finale wherein all the students gather in worshipful adoration of this almost godlike embodiment of Learning.  A number of the movies that have utilized this storyline have been quite good, actually, but "Mona Lisa Smile is not one of them.  By bringing nothing particularly new to the formula, the film can't help feeling derivative and clich&eacute;d. Where is Miss Jean Brodie when we really need her? "Mona Lisa Smile begins in 1953 with Katherine Anne Watson's arrival as an art history instructor at Wellesley College.  The school, as it turns out, is a haven for elite snobs - and its educational philosophy of rote, tradition-bound learning shows that the school is more concerned with turning the girls into dutiful, supportive wives and mothers than freethinking career women (the only classes we ever see the girls attending are art history, Italian, table setting and synchronized swimming, not exactly a rigorous course of study for a bunch of young ladies we are led to believe graduate with some pretty impressive degrees).  Enter Katherine Anne, fresh from a state school in "liberal California, who clearly does not buy into the false value system she finds here.  After some initial resistance on the part of the girls and the powers-that-be at the institution, Katherine begins, slowly but surely, to win people over to her modernistic, iconoclastic way of thinking.   As a social document, "Mona Lisa Smile is yet another film dedicated to exposing the "Stepford Wife mentality of the conformist 1950's.  The problem is that "Far From Heaven did a much better job of that two years ago.  In that film, the main character experienced a gradual awakening as to both her value as an individual and the societal prison in which she lived.  During the course of the film, we grew along with her.  Katherine, on the other hand, feels like a 21st Century woman transported magically to the 1950's.  Not that there weren't such forward-looking women at the time, of course, but it's not very illuminating watching a person, spouting ideas no one in the audience could possibly disagree with, bringing knowledge and enlightenment to the ignorant masses. The acting is good but the characters are all either shallow stereotypes or straw men designed for Katherine to knock down easily.  Ironically, the film is every bit as conventional as the conformity it's railing against. Now that Ms. Roberts has gotten the Messianic Teacher Syndrome out of her system, perhaps she can move on to bigger and better things.  This particular hole in her resume has at last been filled.
 Julia Roberts plays Katherine Watson, an art teacher who thinks she's lucked out when offered a job at a prestigious school for young women in the 1950's.  From the first reel, everything about the flick screams "Dead Poets with women instead of laughs, and nothing ever changes your mind - except for making you re-think the fun you might have had watching "Dead Poets".  In short "Smiling is a movie that praises characters that leap past the trite expectations of their peers, yet boasts a script that fulfills every trite Hollywood clich&eacute;.  Watson is horrified to learn that young women of the 1950's are being groomed for a life of craven servility and grim conformity (forgetting for a moment that the same was roughly true for about everybody in those days).  Watson's young charges are intelligent, but also resigned to a life in the shadows of likely caddish husbands chosen by their weak-willed parents.  By the end of the movie, Watson's students learn to break the bonds that condemned their parents to loveless and unfulfilled lives (except for one student who does choose to forego the promising future as a lawyer for one as a housewife - but does have to convince Watson of the rightness of her decision).  Being an accomplished woman means traveling abroad (rather than saying you did), getting an apartment in Greenwich Village, and foregoing marriage unless you're utterly more determined by an order of magnitude to opt for either of the above.  We also learn that parents are utterly worthless - grooming their daughters for a dim future, if only to be spared the horror of having to explain why they fell for the same trap.  None of the villains - upper society women for the most part - are elevated from the anonymous and unforgiving roles the script sticks them with (in mirroring their evil, the script treats them as we're supposed to believe they treat their daughters), and we're supposed to cheer when their daughters zing them into defeated muteness.  "Mona Lisa is that rare chick flick that's actually more insulting to women in general than the men on the screen.
 As a former college professor, Seven Sisters graduate, and fan of indie films, I must admit I was not optimistic about this movie.  I was right.  Watching the movie, I was constantly reminded of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, a brilliant movie about turn-of-the-century Scottish schoolgirls based on Muriel Spark's novel. Some scenes were eerily similar, such as the "girls standing around an art studio, wearing little schoolgirl hats, giggling at a painting. Brodie girls giggled over sex; these women giggled over unfamiliar modernism.  Mona Lisa's theme seems familiar
 Okay, so in most movies that strive for enlightenment, they spend the whole movie conveying why this character is so amazing (i.e. Erin Brockovich). In this movie, there exists only one scene to prove to the audience how great this woman is. What about the rest of the movie? Boring.....All those good names, and it made me feel no emotion towards anyone at the end. Usually when I see movies, I feel different at the end, but when i saw this one I was like "okay, now what? Should have had many different levels with this character. I was VERY disappointed. Two stars because Maggie G did a great job.
 Given my profound admiration of Julia Roberts and my enthusiasm for material that provides thoughtful insight into the shallowness of so much that seems to constitute the American Dream, it may come as some surprise that I am so critical of this movie.  In fact, all that I can find to compliment are the stunning skills of Julia Roberts, convincing as always--so much so that you forget you are watching her and actually believe in the person she portrays, and the intent of the screenplay writer, admirable in its correct depiction of an educational institution devoted to a purpose so devoid of any real meaning. Unfortunately, the skills of the director, and perhaps of the screenwriter as well have limited the actual film to an almost ludicrously two dimensional portrayal of virtually all the characters in the movie, and have created a story so hyperbolic in nature as to render the plot comedy at times when it should be serious and pathetic at times when it pretends to humour.  In the opening scene we are supposed to believe that every student in this fine university have acually read and mastered the assignment for the first class in its entirety, memorizing to perfection dates and styles of art going back to the 15th century BC. Later, we are expected to believe that the Italian Professor (Mike Newell) who has exhibited absolutely nothing in the film worthy of the attentions of the thinking, caring, highly intellectual professor which is Katherine Watson, succeeds not only in seducing her but in further maintaining a relationship lasting for a period of several months. Finally, we are expected to believe that Betty (Kirsten Dunst) who has consistently been portrayed as the acquiescing member of high society, consistently scornful, indeed derisive of her professor suddenly becomes her ardent admirer and is willing to turn to her for support and advice just because she has given up on her marriage and broken bonds with her domineering mother.  Possible, yes, but the film here, as in so many other scenes, fails to provide any transitional material explaining the change in attitude or behaviour. The one sequence that most significantly varies, refreshingly, from this is that where Joan (Julia Stiles) boldly challenges Katherine's (Julia Roberts) teaching as that of imposing her own values on others rather than that which she claims to be doing--teaching students to find their own way. To be certain, taken on the strength of their individual performances, there were a number of reasonably good appearances by key actors and actresses.  There were a few good scenes in the movie and its fundamental message was one with which many of its viewers will be no doubt inclined to agree.  Unfortunately, only one performance could be described as brilliant (that of the inimitable Julia) and the film as a whole bears no comparison with the likes of Mr. Holland's Opus, a masterpiece of drama, believable, human and multidimensional throughout.  Alas, this could have been such a rich fabric of natural fibers rather than the plastic imitation that it is.
 'Mona Lisa Smile' is a period film in the 1950s America, about teacher of painting Kathrine Watson played by Julia Roberts.  The story slightly resembles that of 'Dead Poet Society' -- a teacher with a new idea, who makes a difference in uptight school -- but the film ends up with assorted scenes and dialogues with the cliched episodes about cliched characters.  Sorry if I sound harsh, but the film is really predictable, and safe.  Katherine teaches painting before the serious students whose concerns are memorizing the textbooks.  Some are rebels (like Maggie Gyllenhaal's character smoking Giselle); some only think of marriage (like Kirsten Dunst's conservative Betty, and, well, so on and on.  There is a romance surrounding Julia's character, but the love story is too shallow and forgettable.  Now, what happens to each student, you can predict from the beginning; and what Katherine does, going against the grain (so she thinks), you can imagine from miles apart.  Instead of the course authorized by the school, Katherine shows the bedazzled students a piece of modern art -- what do you see?  Of course, Pollock.  Too predictable.  But after all, the whole problem is this
 Considering the subject matter and the feminist overtones, I expected much more from this movie what was delivered. Save for one brilliant (if somewhat awkwardly-placed) scene involving Julia Roberts' passionate admonishment of the internalized sexism of popular advertising, this movie is rife with cliches and over-trodden ground. There are times when you feel as if the film is trying to say something more about sex roles, feminism, and the advent of what would later be coined as "the feminine mystique, but they appear so infrequently, so awkwardly, and so unsatisfying as to barely merit a mention.  In terms of acting, Julia Roberts' and Maggie Gyllenhaal's roles are the most successfully portrayed. Kirsten Dunst succeeds at being annoying (for once her intent matches her performance) and Julia Stiles' role was just awfully acted altogether, no two ways about it. I've never heard a more unconvincing and "I'm happy! in my life. Her heart-to-heart with Roberts, regardless of how important the message, almost brought tears to my eyes -- not out of any strong feeling, but because it was so painfully artificial.  If taken at little more than face value, the movie warrants a viewing, if only for the beautiful cinematography and snapshot of female collegiate life post-World War 2. But if you are a historian or a feminist (or both) hoping to enjoy a glimpse into the world that inspired Fridan's classic expose, look elsewhere. And if you ever find one that satisfies this desire, be sure to let me know.
 In Mona Lisa Smile, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts) joins the faculty of an all-girl's college to teach Art History. But because the girls are being taught how to be passive housewives instead of independent thinkers, she also works to impart her feminist ideals to the students and school board. What a timely pictures this is! In a time when Oprah, Jennifer Lopez, and Britney Spears are as financially successful as their male counterparts, the film is definitely dated as a result. The unfaithful opposite sex is the most timeless aspect of the story. Ironically, there is only one guy in the film who is supportive of feminism. This is ironic because MLS is supposedly an advocate for evenhandedness. Clearly the scriptwriters - who are surprisingly men -- could have driven their point home by depicting an equal amount of good and despicable guys. It must have been a stretch for Julia Roberts (one of the most traditional actresses of today) to play the role of a nonconformist, considering the fact that she has more asinine romantic comedies under her belt than risk-taking independent films. Interestingly, Roberts has allowed herself to succumb to the same imprisonment that the female characters of this story experienced unwillingly. Sure, Roberts has lately starred in a few films by acclaimed independent film director Steven Soderburgh (Erin Brockovich, Full Frontal, and Ocean's 11), and an unconventionally bloody romantic comedy called The Mexican, but she isn't a nonconformist at heart. Unsurprisingly, her portrayal of a feminist is as believable and passionate as a KKK member portraying an NAACP affiliate. Nonconformist Maggie Gyllenhaal, who bravely portrayed a masochist in the Secretary, plays the role of the school's whore. Unfortunately, because the film is such a brief ensemble drama, her character isn't given time to bloom into a three-dimensional human being. She isn't even given enough scenes to demonstrate how much of a whore she is. As a result, poor Gyllenhaal, who is one of the cinema's latest talents, is underused. The film's best performance comes courtesy of the younger, underrated Kirsten Dunst, who plays the role of one of the school's most outspoken students (though not outspoken enough to be a feminist, obviously). Dunst accentuates her emotions with great subtlety via her piercing green eyes, effortlessly switching between intimidating and vulnerable without ever transforming into a salivating, Oscar-hungry bloodhound. She is Mona Lisa Smile's main attraction.
 This all-gal soap opera (except for the underrated and versatile Dominic West)takes us back to 1950s Welleseley College to be hit over the head with the message that women were either repressed by men, repressing themselves, or both.  But an Auntie Mame art teacher (of course...it's Art.  Nothing so banal as history or Latin...) in the form of toothy Julia Roberts breezes in to shake up their world and leave moist eyed feminists dabbing with hankies by the campy closing credits.  Is this the female take on Dead Poet's Society with a little of The Children's Hour, thrown in?  Or a complete meager ripoff of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie?  All the cat-eye glasses and girdles in the world can't make the young female cast look any less anorexic conetemporary...and even glamorous Roberts, who eschews much makeup, looks horribly out of period.  A great opportunity for creative art direction and/or cinematography was missed.  The usually great Marcia Gay Hardin romps throughout like she is in a "Lifetime TV movie...which is where this one belongs.  Fortunately, the star power of Roberts and the talents of Gyllenhall and Stiles make it a watchable film.  (The usually splendid Dunst, like Hardin, seems to be merely phoning in a community-theatrical performance!)  The music, though, is fun and fans of soap opera will enjoy this.  The DVD special features, unfortunately, are negligible.
 Cute movie, and it was fun to watch them filming on our campus in Fall 2002, but please *don't* accept this movie as any sort of realistic portrayal of Wellesley College!  The best part of this movie is the beautiful shots of our campus (the Galestone Tower, the Chapel interior and exterior, etc). Inaccuracies aside (and it's a BIG aside), I thought that the movie was o.k. at best.  The sub-plots with the individual students were much more interesting than the main professor-comes-to-liberate-Wellesley story.  Keep an eye out for Ginnifer Goodwin, who is excellent.  The costumes are accurate for the period, but not for everyday Wellesley wear. In the end, the movie could have been a lot better, but it probably could have been worse.
 The only reason I can honestly say that this film is not as bad as, say, Saving Private Ryan or Titanic or From Hell is simple- the babes are cute as hell- Maggie Gyllenhaal is always sexy in a sly way, Kirsten Dunst does aptly portray the 1950s type whose bodice needs ripping & bosom needs suckling, & Julia Stiles has an eerie porcelain-like perfection, almost preternaturally perfected, that makes her mesmerizing to watch. &, hey, JR is not the best actress on the planet, but her goofy good looks are not punition. I would like to see stars like her wield & flex their power to improve rancid scripts like this. Hopefully the younger babes, if they become stars, will do just that- & ironically learn real lessons from this film that are not contained within. I can only guess JR actually likes clich&eacute;d wannabe tear-jerkers, or she lacks the ability to see 1 when she reads it. Either way, take a pass, & try reading  anything for 2 hours.
 This is a story about a girl in an isolated community trying to find her identity in the shadow of her beautiful and much-loved sister.  It was a good thing that I had read the book first because the movie looses much of the story, including the problems with the relationships between Sara Louise, the captain, and her sister. The movie, as usual, changes quite a few important parts of the story, making it a superficial production.  My recommendation - read the book first then get the movie from the local library, don't spend money renting it.
 This dvd was nothing like the novel, characters were combine and the story was told out of sequence. It was purchased as a teaching tool to accompany the novel in a special needs class, I was unable to use it for this purpose.
 It's an important historical documentary ,  but if you want to see old taps dancers like showed in the dvd cover, avoid it. There are only few short cuts from genius like Bill Robinson and others and many  and many conversations and interviews. Try old videos in VHS or the outstanding afro-american dancers in 'Stormy Weather', a Fox musical from the fourties,  available in Amazon.
 Yuck.  Despite good acting by talented performers, and the always-strong appeal of long shots on Cameron Diaz' legs, this is a tiresome movie, too-long by almost half. It suffers from a lack of story.  It's a chronicle of two very different sisters. You might think the tale has them interact until they learn valuable lessons from one another, or something like that. However, the movie splits them up and has them experience their own "adventures. Shoes play no *real* role in the tale, if you were thinking they might, nor is anyone forced to "live anyone else's life in anyway. In fact, there's nothing really consequential going on... just characters living their lives. It all winds up feeling like a memoir--a woman's reminisciences of "me and my sister, without an editor's eye for the necessary features of good cinema, like plot.  What plot there is feels contrived--yeah, sure, the high-powered lawyer gives up her job to take up dog-walking without a moment's difficulty or regret, and the whorish sneak-thief blends right in to a retirement community and parlays it into a successful entrepreneurship. Makes perfect sense.  There's no real change in the main character (Toni Collette)
 Amazon placed this on my recommendations list as "Kids & Family".  Umm....I don't think so! unless Amazon recommends people to let their kids watch movies with sex scenes and adult language and situations.  I watched the movie and guess it has a message, but I don't think my kid/s will be watching this until they are mature enough to handle the sex scenes!
 I found this movie to be dragged out and dull. It did the book very little justice, and cut out the best parts! I suggest reading the book instead.
 Cameron Diaz has no acting ability except to giggle, smile and make angry tense, facial expressions.  You meet all the characters. They are all over acted (except Diaz, who just walks around looking stupid). They have all sorts of conflicts. They spill their guts in scenes that are suppose to be sad, but laced with humor. Everyone realizes they should treat each other better and learn to understand each other.  The middle is the only part where a couple of interesting things happened - the beginning and ending where completely awful. And there was really no resolution to the title "In Her Shoes other than Cameron Diaz's character taking and using (and ruining) various pairs of shoes (yawn). While this movie had a couple of moments that were interesting, at the end I just rolled my eyes and regretted wasting the 2 hours.
 If you like the movie, read the book. The movie itself left out a multiple key pieces of the book and drug out altogether too long. I found myself fast forwarding through parts of it just to get the end.
 I try to be open minded when it comes to movies created from rather good books.  After all, they only have 2 hours to tell you a story that took one many hours to read.  Many times the story in the movie may be different or shortened but it holds up on it's own.  This time it didn't.  My husband watched this movie with me.  I read the book several months ago, he never has and probably never will.  The movie assumes you have read the book.  If you haven't, you will miss out on a lot that the movie tries but fails to get across.  For instance, there are several slow scenes during the movie where they are trying to get the feelings that are so easily written in the book across - but fail.  My husband would ask me, "What am I supposed to be understanding here? and I would tell him what I knew from the book.  Also, a huge section where Maggie finds herself is missing.  They do credible substitutions, considering, but in the end, we never felt we ever got a "story out of it.  As for the movie itself, without any reference to the book.  I found the characters dull and difficult to empathize with, the story lacking, and the closeups (constant closeups) painful.  I give it 2 stars.  Skip the movie. Read the book.
 I read this book & it was AWESOME. But, the movie STINKS. I wanted so badly to like it but couldn't no matter how hard I tried. Cameron Diaz is a really bad actress & ruins a lot of movies, but even if there had been a different, more talented actress playing her character this movie would still put you to sleep.
 I would have never seen this movie, were it not for a recommendation from my father.  I wish he had not recommended it.  I found very little to like about it.  This movie is an extreme reflection of the bankruptcy of secular Jewish suburban life.  It is extremely common for children in such homes to run away from Judaism as both Rose and Maggie did.  It's very sad to see my religion dumped in the ash heap of history; however that is what thousands (millions?) of Jews have done.  This is very common in American film.  However, to top it off, Maggie is even a thief!  This is truly horrible.  I nearly shut the movie off after Maggie and Rose go into their dialogue about their mother-in-law's vagina.  That crude and tasteless sort of dialogue is the type of thing I work very hard to avoid in films and in real life in particular.  I regret very much that I did not turn the film off.  I believe it wasn't until later that we learned that Rose and Maggie's mother (incidentally the fact that Rose and Maggie looked nothing alike was extremely striking when watching this film), had committed suicide many years before.  As I wrote earlier, it is very common for women like Rose and Maggie to run away from Judaism.  However (thank G-d!) it very rare for people like Caroline to commit suicide.  This revelation was truly horrifying to this viewer.  I did not sleep well that night.  I agree with an earlier post-why was Michael not blamed at all in this movie?  Might he not have had something to do with Caroline feeling the way she did?  I suppose there is something to Maggie finding her grandmother and becoming more responsible,  and Rose becoming more self-assured, and even bumping into a Jew (and amazingly) actually marrying him (although we see no chemistry between the two), but the dark tone of the film greatly overshadowed that.  Would somebody please make a film where people a) really, sincerely  return to their Jewish roots and b) please, please, please make sure there is not one Jew (or non-Jew for that matter)who has to die an unnatural death for it.  Is that too much to ask?
 I love that it is about the lives of two sisters, but like I said in my title the movie moves too slow. It's not for me. I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
 There is real plot in this film, it just follows two bumbling theives.  Actually the two actors are the only aspect that make this movie watchable, just barely however. The self-concious humour ends up being incredibly pretentious, it even seems to revel in the fact that it is pretentious, and somehow that makes the movie selfaware and hip. Some people might leap to this films defense and claim that the forgetable plot was part of the grand scheme to keep it fun and exciting.  The problem is asides from the an uninvolving plot, this movie is extremely predictable, which further deminishes the already trite affair.
 As any devoted X-Phile will tell you, the idea of a collection devoted exclusively to the "mythology episodes alone is a somewhat dodgy idea, with many attendant problems.  First of all, much of the show's ineffable charm was found in the balance of standalone/comedic/MOTW ("monster-of-the-week") episodes vs. the heavier mythology episodes - watching all of these tangled, knotty mytharc episodes can be a suffocating experience.  Secondly, the overarching character development of both Mulder and Scully (as well as the secondary characters) was rarely restricted to the mythology episodes; someone who only knows the X-Files through these four mythology-only boxed sets will miss the introduction of Skinner and Cigarette Smoking Man's first speaking role ("Tooms"), the introduction of Alex Krycek and Mr. X ("Sleepless"), and the revelation that Scully has cancer ("Leonard Betts"), among other things.  Finally, there is some dispute as to what constitutes a "mythology episode in the first place.  For example, Volume 1 ("Abduction") of this four volume set has drawn a lot of justifiable criticism for excluding a pivotal early first season episode called "Conduit, where the depths of Mulder's obsession about his abducted sister Samantha are first explored.  (The fact that "Conduit is arguably one of the ten finest episodes in the history of the series, both eerie and poignant, only makes its omission that much more painful.)  "Musings Of A Cigarette Smoking Man, concerning the secret history of Mulder's nemesis, is also a mythology episode, as is the excellent late Season Four installment "Demons.  Some of the decisions made in what to include or exclude seem arbitrary.  This last point is important because it DOESN'T address the inexcusable omission of a major mythology two-parter from this set
 I thought this sounded like an okay film from the synopsis, so I gave it a try.  Found it to be very boring.  Not much holds it together and nothing about it sustained my interest.  A real waste of time.
 The story opens in London in the 1930s, as an eccentric explorer (Richard Griffiths) returns from his adventures with three orphaned baby girls to be raised by his niece (Emilia Fox), while he goes off on another long trip.  As the girls become teenagers, they enroll in a theatrical school hoping to earn enough money to support themselves
 I was dissapointed in this movie. There is not anything terribly inappropriate, although several comments are made about the girls' bust sizes and one of the characters wears low cut blouses. There wasn't much of a plot somehow and many dead ends. The youngest girl, Posey, turns into a brat and winds up getting her way in the end. There isn't much ballet in it at all and the title itself has nothing to do with the movie. If you're a ballet fan, you will only be dissapointed. It's really not a children's movie. The movie did keep my interest and the cast and acting is brilliant, but. . . . . Watch it if you want.