In DANCES WITH WOLVES (1990), Kevin Costner is the emotionally drained Civil War soldier whose life is renewed on the Great Plains by a wild wolf and a band of Sioux when he adopts the lifestyle and values of the latter. He  goes Indian .  As this film opens in 1876, ex-Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), formerly of the 7th Cavalry, is an alcoholic Civil War and Plains Indian War veteran reduced to making public appearances on behalf of the Winchester Arms Company, maker of the famous repeating rifle. He's rescued by his old commanding officer, Col. Benjamin Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), who arranges for Algren to help train the Japanese Imperial Army in modern warfare techniques. The pay is $500 per month. Because of an incident in the campaign against the Indians that still causes Algren nightmares, cost him his self-perceived honor, and drove him to drink, Nathan tells his ex-CO that he'll kill anyone in Japan for $500 a month, but would gladly kill Bagley for free. Army camaraderie is not all it's cracked up to be. In any case, off both sail to Japan. The Imperial government is bedeviled by rebel samurai warriors cranky about the increasing Westernization of society. In the first skirmish between Algren-trained troops and a samurai band led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is wounded and captured. He spends the winter in Katsumoto's village, where he's nursed back to health by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband Algren had killed in the recent battle. While a prisoner, Nathan discovers love with you-know-who and personal friendship with Katsumoto, whose life he saves at one point, and re-discovers Honor through proximity with and training in the Samurai Code. In the final confrontation between the samurai and Imperial troops led by Bagley, guess where Algren plants his standard? It's DANCES WITH WOLVES all over again, but without the wolf. The samurai even employ bows and arrows. THE LAST SAMURAI is a well-acted, engaging story that's shot in some beautiful scenery. Since New Zealand seems to be the location of moviemakers' choice lately (LOTR trilogy, PETER PAN), I wasn't surprised to see in the ending credits that some of this film, presumably that part in the samurai village, was located there. And speaking of scenery, there's Koyuki, a Japanese actress  unknown on U.S. screens, who's exquisite. Unfortunately, the film is perhaps thirty minutes too long, and the climactic battle sequence is milked for all it's worth - and then some - including some unnecessary slo-mo footage. The term  maudlin  comes to mind. And it's this aspect of THE LAST SAMURAI which makes it, to me, inferior to that other action epic of 2003, the more tightly edited MASTER AND COMMANDER. THE LAST SAMURAI may win some Oscars, such as for cinematography or costuming. But, I perceive it as only one of the better films of 2003 as opposed to one of the best.
 I began this movie thinking that it was just another vehicle for Tom Cruise, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised to find a real movie. The character development is a bit loose and had somewhat of a rushed feeling. The story sometimes came off as unbelievable or inconsistent, for instance the first battle where Tom Cruise is captured really does not connect to the other part of the story. Tom being wounded defeats several samurai warriors, later his fighting skills were shown to be much more inept compared to the samurai. This did not seem consistent to me. The Japanese Emperor not knowing what to do and playing both sides of the fence seemed a bit unbelievable.  You get the feeling that the reason why Ken Wantanabe's character respects Tom Cruise so much, is because that they both were tortured battle tired warriors. Overall, I did enjoy this film. It does have some beautiful cinematography. Nevertheless, the violence is extremely graphic and there are some scenes where Tom Cruise is drying out from alcoholism.
 Started out kinda shaky...Honestly almost turned it off but Cruise's performance held my interest so I kept watching.  Thank God I did because it really is a good film.  Sure there are a lot of bad things some people could say about it just to be mean - I hated a lot of the editing in the beginning and that goofy fat guy from Harry Potter Prisoner From Azkaban is terrible in it (most people I know just can't stand Tom Cruise - which is unfortunate because he is  a MUCH better actor than most people give him credit for).  The whole movie is carefully balanced by tremendous action sequences in the middle and final section of the film and the sympathetic Japanese characters (Watanabe, the love interest, the kids etc...). They are all so believable and easy to connect to.  Some of the negative reviews on here (Amazon) are criticizing Cruise's performance harshly and the role his character plays in influencing the samurai/japanese people etc...Really it is Cruise's character though who learns in this movie and not the other way around which the trailer for this film so mistakenly conveyed...And unfortunately prevented me from seeing it in the theater.  And believe me when I say that I am the LAST person to want to see some movie about a "white man (let alone one of the biggest american movie stars in the world) showing some bada#$ "samurai how its done in the skills of fighting...But the film works people.  It isn't Gladiator or Braveheart but the characters are interesting and compelling, and many of the action sequences are truly suspenseful and entertaining...Even rousing at times.  The biggest problem I had with it was the opening (for awhile it was beginning to feel like a poor man's version of "Glory - a perfect film in my mind which Edward Zwick also directed).  This isn't "Glory but it isn't bad either.  Cruise is one of the best actors out there I've decided after watching this film.  People like calling him a "vanity actor because he's such a major star and that he does roles that are in most cases larger than life...But what actor out there can honestly say they don't want that?  And besides he has done a wide array of roles and is surprisingly transformational...I say "surprisingly simply because more people don't want to admit or recognize it...Think about how different he is in this from Born On The Fourth Of July or Collateral or Eyes Wide Shut or Color Of Money or Magnolia or Minority Report...The guy has some serious range people.  Don't be jealous 'cuz he's rich and good looking and has worked with some of the best directors ever (i.e. Oliver Stone, Kubrick, Spielberg, Scorsese, Brian De Palma, Tony Scott, Michael Mann).  Life's too short for that kinda talk people. Admit the truth...Tom Cruise is a beast of an actor and he deserves all the fame he's received whether you want to admit it or not.
 Very well made movie not sure about the messagge...  I am not a Tom Cruise fan but he did a great job in this movie, I am still not sure if the messagge was anti technology, in that case I would say it is quite shallow.
 I'm a big fan of the samurai films (Toshiro Mifune is my favorate actor pre-1970).  I appreciate the moral code and style of living that the samurai live.  I'm also not a big fan of Tom Cruise and his blockbuster style movie career.  A few of his films are entertaining (MIP, Top Gun, Taps), but not great. This film is very enjoyable.  Katsumoto and Cruise's character have a very good and interesting relationship.  The scenes between the two have great dialogue...in that they are enemies with great respect for each other.   The cinematography is awesome (Widescreen edition is a must to get the full benefits.  Beautiful.  The clothing and buildings are historically accurate. The battle scenes are very graphic, so beware.  They are also very honorable (being the samurai way) and emotional. I highly recommend this film for its action, story, charactization, and acting.  It is a great film that belongs in everyone's collection.
 The place; Japan. The Year; 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), an extremely courageous American officer who participated in the killing of many American Indians is left with immense guilt and despair.  He gets hired by the Emperor of Japan to train the country's first army in the art of modern warfare, replacing by force the ancient Imperial Samurai warriors.  On the first battle between Algren's Japanese trained troops and a samurai group led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is captured yet kept alive after showing immense courage on the battlefield ground.  Gravely injured, he spends the winter in Katsumoto's village where he gets nursed by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband, was killed in the battlefield by Algren.  While in captivity, Algren discovers the samurai code, honor, pride, love, and build a personal fantastic friendship with Katsumoto.  Beautiful music, costume design; great DVD picture with great sound.  If you want to go back in time and find out how Japan was 100 years ago; if you want an epic action drama movie combined with a fantastic love story and if you want to know about the Samurai warriors. The last Samurai would be highly recommended.
 There is certainly no shortage of Hollywood epics these days, and it takes a certain flair in order for one to stand out amongst the rest. "The Last Samurai is a film that most certainly seperates itself from the masses.  The story follows American Army Captain Nathan Algren (Cruise), a man haunted by the horrors of war, as he is hired by the Japanese to train their army and lead them to victory over the Samurai, who are rebelling against the modernization of Japan. During the first battle against the Samurai, Algren is taken captive and forced to remain in an isolated Samurai village. There, he learns the enigmatic ways of the Samurai and comes to love their unique brand of civilization. He then switches sides and fights along side the Samurai and against his former peers.  "The Last Samurai is a gentle, caring study of how modern society often tramples over ways of the past without even flinching. The film showcases beautiful cinematography and expert pacing. However, it is not without its flaws. The acting is hit-and-miss. Tom Cruise and Tony Goldwyn deliver average performances, while Ken Watanabe is quite exceptional as the peaceful leader of the Samurai village. The film, while excellent, also does have its share of clich&eacute;s, such as a shaky slow motion scene where Algren remembers the massacre that haunts him. There are also a few moments where you have to wonder if director Edward Zwick is kind of trying to tug at your strings (to release the waterworks, that is).  But flaws aside, "The Last Samurai is a film people should most certainly see. The social commentary is very relevant to modern society and the blend of beautiful scenic backdrops and violent battle sequences make this film truly stand out amongst a sea of stinkers such as "Troy".  8/10
 This is an interesting role for tom Cruise. Many times, you'll see him playing himself in films - by that I mean, you never quite lose the line between him and his character.  And that works for him.  In this film, you get a glimpse of how he is learning to transcend his own character and lose himself more fully in his roles. As he matures as an actor, and not just a blockbuster draw, I really think those kinds of transformations are going to be his best asset.  The story in the film is touching and ironic, and is respectful of all the cultures represented within it. Are they accurate portrayals? That depends on which side of the lens you're on.
 I enjoyed the Last Samurai.  I won't pretend to be a professional cinema critic and, therefore, cannot have an informed opinion about things like the cinematography, so I'll mention in brief what I do know. Positives
 Sunday, May 16, 2004 / 4 of 5 / Surprisingly good vehicle for Cruise.  Tom brings a suitably tortured mein to the role as a late 1870's army captain fresh off the Indian wars of the west.  Brought over to Japan to ostensibly modernize their army and remove the vestiges of the samurai caste he is quickly captured and spends the rest of the movie going through a `Dances with Wolves' transformation into a gaijin warrior.  Despite the simplistic plot, the movie is delivered with a great earnestness and sense of purpose.  Watanabe is at once fierce and serene as the lead samurai, [was he a daimyo or in the service of one?].  This film hints at the beauty and depth of bushido, trying to make it understandable to the western sensibility.  I have a great love for Japanese culture, history, and aesthetics; and this film managed to mix in some wonderful examples of those.  While it may be decried as a star vehicle for Cruise I think one can watch and enjoy it from period piece point of view.  Recommended.
 It's a pretty good movie overall. It would have been nice if Tom Cruise were replaced by a japanese actor. It would have been impossible for a foreigner to learn the japanese language and how to sword fight (japanese style) in such a small space of time as described in the movie. Basicly 6 months?? LOL The movie is loosely based on the  Satsuma Rebellion  which took place in 1876-77 when a bunch of aging Samurai decided to take a last stand against the new Meiji Government. The Samurai fought well but eventually went extinct. The Last Samurai is a good movie though, in a world with a lack of Samurai flicks.
 The last Samurai is a typical movie to watch on Blu Ray. The image during the first 20 minutes of the movie are not impressive, but once Tom is in the samurai village the image quality is beautiful!
 Outstanding in every way. I can't think of a movie in recent history that I have enjoyed more.  Great cultural piece.
 Tom C's best movie - I am not a big Tom C. fan but this is his best movie. Good pace, good acting, great soundtrack it has it all -
 Maybe you have already seen this Movie on DVD so you know what I'm talking about. I`ve you're interest in Historic Movie's like Patriot or Bravehearth you will like this Movie. But beware, the Picture looks not real HD, only like a Medium DVD Tranfer. If you have seen King Kong on HD you will be disappointed because the Picture never seems to be real sharp. The same with the Sound - The DD5.1 Downmix is very poor...you must turn the Sound up at near 30% higher as Miami Vice or King Kong to have the same Sound Level...What's up Warner?  But don't understand me wrong, I love this Movie...it has Bookmarks and a good Extras "Setup - so maybe this is only the beginning for the "Real HD Experience ;-)
 I think this is a seriously underrated film.  I know a lot of people don't think Cruise is a fantastic actor, but I think he does a great job in this film.  A lot of people don't think Costner is a great actor, but many think he did great in Dances With Wolves.  The Last Samurai is Cruise's Dances With Wolves.  It takes place in the same relative time period, and it involves a man taken into a new culture and learning to respect and love it.  Lots of tremendous Japanese actors, and great fighting and battle scenes.  It also features a terrific Ninja battle.  Give this one a try, it is worth the effort.
 'Good enough' is about as good a review I can think of for this movie.  As long as your prepared for the formula ending you should be able to enjoy this movie purely on its solid production merits.  Worth viewing.
 Rolling in late December 2003, this movie surprised me a great deal. I didn't know how deep it would try and be, or how good the storyline or action was. I may hear people complain about a few plot holes, but give the movie a break, guys. This is definitely one of Tom Cruise's best outings. One of his most emotional performances is given here. Ken Watanabe is astounding as the leader of the samurai clan that take Civil War vet Capt. Nathan Aulgren (Cruise) into their clan as a P.O.V. but he eventually learns to like their culture and becomes a samurai himself. The landscape of the movie is beautiful, and Hans Zimmer's score plays gloriously in the background.   The movie really makes you eventually hate the  modern  enemy of a modernized Japan, with a fully-equipped legion of American-trained soldiers, Nathan's old enemy from back home, and the leader of the new brand of soldiers. This leads to an all-out war between the samurai and the new Japan and it is an incredible scene when these two go at it, definitely one of my favorite movie war scenes of all-time.   The DVD is a fully-loaded 2 disc-set, boasting impressive video quality and audio quality on the first one with 2.35
 This is a very entertaining movie. good action, good scenery and good story. Not as good as braveheart, but one of the best of 2003. extras are good
 There is a goof during the battle scene with the ninjas
 I was surprised that I actually liked this one, particularly since it seemed to promise just another run-of-the-mill action/adventure period piece. Of course I happen to be partial to these kinds of stories and I have a great fondness for the Japanese variants of same. Still I didn't expect to enjoy this hybrid eastern-western that reworked Japanese history in order to put a dissolute and despondent American war hero (who's tortured by what he did in the Indian wars that followed on the Civil War) into the era of Japanese modernization. Tom Cruise always seems to me to be too cuddly to play such roles and yet I thought he pulled this one off. The story held together and was absorbing if somewhat predictable while Cruise actually proved to be a somewhat convincing American dissolute. That he takes to the Samurai lifestyle and weapons handling practices so readily is a bit hard to believe though the film does a good job of dragging out the learning process enough so that it doesn't look too precipitous. Of course, the American is only with his captors for a few months so it's a little hard to accept that he manages to become expert in Japanese swordsmanship in so short a span. But the film makes it look convincing and that's usually enough in this kind of thing. The battle scenes are also nicely done and the Samurai lord, Katsuomoto, who captures and ultimately befriends the American Algren is powerfully portrayed. Although there was little that was unexpected, Katsoumoto's escape from his enemies at the emperor's court was probably the high point and the least predictable in the film's repertoire of scenes. I'd see this one again for its ambience and tight storytelling, even if it didn't ultimately swallow me up, which, on my view, is the true measure of a great film.  SWM author of The King of Vinland's Saga
 Wow!  It's a samurai flick starring Tom Cruise, and you know what
 I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times.  I've always like Tom Cruise and he doesn't disappoint in this movie.  But the real star is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader-what perfect casting! And Koyuki as the Samurai widow was just plain gorgeous.  The HD DVD transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better.  Highly recommended.
 Awesome movie. Many people say that it is long and boring, but it is only half true. The movie is long, its 154 minutes, but it is by no means boring. This movie has a solid story line which it follows throughout the whole movie. It is centered around one character (Tom Cruise), and he appears in just about every scenes. However, the other characters aren't left out of the movie either. They all play parts that are just as important. This movie is also quite informative; before seeing it I knew little about the samurai, but I learned quite a bit about these Japanese warriors from this movie. Also there are some great fighting scenes in this movie that are worth watching. Overall, I think this was a great movie and I recommend for people to see it.  4.5 stars but Amazon doesn't have halves. 
 The Last Samurai does many things exactly right, but falls short in a few key respects. It's a great action movie, and passable as a drama. That's a shame, because it could have been great on both counts.  The major problem with this movie is that the main character is played by Tom Cruise. This isn't because I think he's a bad actor; in fact, I think he does a pretty good job with his role in this film. However, a white man was totally unnecessary here -- this movie would have been much better off as a story dealing only with the Japanese. The assimilation that occurs here strains credulity, and certainly Ken Watanabe, in a sterling performance as Katsumoto, could have carried a film himself. The fact that the presence of Cruise is a necessary concession to the target audience makes it forgivable, but not likable.  Things would have been better if Cruise's character, Algren, were better explored by the film. Unfortunately, although Cruise does his best, the writers don't seem to know what to do with Algren. Though his transformation is the heart of this story, we never really come to understand who Algren was at the beginning, and have only a vague idea of who he has become at the end. Even his journal entries, poorly narrated by Cruise, grant us little insight. We are merely left to take for granted that Algren would come to respect, rather than resent, his captors. Why Algren takes a more enlightened approach to other cultures than his American peers is also a mystery.  This lack of insight into Algren should be contrasted with Katsumoto, whose motivations, though convoluted by modern standards, are fully explicated.  In other respects, this film succeeds greatly, and masterfully avoids falling into most of the Hollywood traps. There's no sex scene, no pointless explosions, and in many ways, no happy ending. The battle scenes are wonderfully shot, and the setting is excellently delineated. The emotional interplay between Cruise and his Japanese counterparts is good in most instances, though there are a few moments that falter. And Katsumoto's final scene is powerful and moving, an excellent note on which to end a movie.  Unfortunately, they didn't go straight from there to the film's epilogue. Instead, they tacked on an additional scene with Algren and the emperor, in which the dialogue consisted almost entirely of cliches, and the young Emperor (jarringly) speaks in idiomatic American English. It's crap, and it comes at the end of the movie, where it does the most damage.  If you can convince yourself to forget that awful piece of filmmaking, however, The Last Samurai has some resonance, a moving story, and compelling characters. Katsumoto in particular is one of the most interesting characters to come onscreen in recent years, and I cannot stress enough how well Ken Watanabe plays him. This movie is worth renting just to see his intense performance. If you're a fan of samurai films in general, it's probably worth a buy. It's far from the quality of a Kurosawa epic, but The Last Samurai is a much better film than your average Hollywood blockbuster.
 a very enjoyable film with captivating visuals (the filmmakers deserve much credit for filming in actual authentic locations) and powerful, realistic fight scenes.  The story does test one's "believability standards a bit, but in a manner akin to Gladiator and so many others. This is Hollywood. Sit back and give yourself to the movie. There is so much here to enjoy.
 Insomuch as the movie was not designed to be a historical account of what happened during this period in Japan, rather an interesting, beautiful work of fiction in the form of a movie, I liked it.  Dances With Wolves  in Japan?  Definately. Amazing film making?  Umm, yeah, okay. Terrific scenery and costumes?  Oooooh yeaaaaaah. I'm *not* a Tom Cruise fan, but I *did* like this movie.
 THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD EXAM OF THE OLD MEETS THE NEW AND EAST MEETS WEST.  ALSO A GOOD EXAM OF THE MAIN CHARAXCTER DEALING WITH HIS OWN PROBLEMS.
 I liked it. The ending wasn't bad. A lot more of the movie was spoken in English than I was expecting. The swordfights are really realistic and graphic. It's something that Jackie Chan wouldn't have even been able to handle. There was a fairly decent number of parallels with Dances with Wolves.
 Forget LOTR. You want an epic that actually delivers, this is it. Best use of ninjas in a serious film ever. Great perfomances by both Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe. Ken was robbed at the oscars, heck this whole film was. It should have had several more nominations and taken best picture too. Don'ty miss this one.
 You can read 175+ reviews about what the movie's plot is and what each character did, and about the bloodracing battle scenes. That's cool. In general, the movie is very manipulative emotionally and tangles you up immediately in the plot and especially the character played Tom Cruise. Another big point is that the cinematography and the just plain beauty of the mountains is captured with extraordinary talent and adds much to the ability of the movie to involve us. So go read the other reviews for this kind of information. I'm interested in the mythos, the usage of stories to build structures of ideas, to support and extent values, in general the use of movies like this to teach moral legends. It is the storytellers art, the Homeric epics that once were passed down around campfires by old men to their grandchildren. Whispers in the dark about the giants of reknown, the heroes of the golden ages, the fighters like the battle of Thermopylae (a tale told in the movie) whose courage saved a nation. But what makes this not history but holy history, not even historical fiction but just mythos is the gap between the truth of what really was history and the storytellers art. In our age, we simply won't even believe it plausible if it doesn't proport to be history, it must be clothed in the rags of historical illusion, no matter about the bones of truth or flesh of reality. All that matters is that the clothing is authentic, the characters are believable to the masses of us who didn't get much out of 8th grade world history, let alone a college history of Japan class. Mythos must appear as logos (thanks to Karen Armstrong for the images), but appearances are all that truely matters. The storytellers art takes over immediately and operates from the beginning to weave a tale, to build a moralizing story that thrills us and challenges us to absorb the morality and those values presented in the movie. The major value is honor, the battle of the underdog against overwhelming odds, the fight of old tradition and new technology. The samurai are presented as warrior Buddhist monks, ascetic and pure of heart, challenging their faults and getting better every day due to this passion for excellence and practice, practice, practice. And Tom Cruise's character is a samurai born out of place, a real warrior's heart, dismayed and beaten down by the brutal Army murders of native American women and children. Full of nightmares and sweats out the DT's, and falls in love with his real people, the mountain volk, where he learns Japanese in a winter, plus has a satori experience with sword fighting, all the time keeping a journal complete with sketches. Well, maybe i am a little cynical, skeptical at being manipulating in such a blatant way, cautious at the prospect at going to a movie for entertainment and getting a moralizing message in such a direction and almost hamfisted way. I ask what is the object of the samurai's honor? Towards the emperor? only outwardly. Towards traditional family values? not with all the bloodshed and teaching boys to kill young. Towards life? not with the suicide impulse just below the surface. It appears to be honor for honor's sake, value without a fundamental object, without a big point, but honor simply as a survival value on the battlefield. To have honor motivates, inspires, swings the sword harder and longer, kills without compassion, it the basic utilitarian value of the warrior class. That is what the movie is about, the flowers and poetry, the buddhist chanting and zen archery are pieces tacked on to balance out the blood and glore of the battlescenes. For these humane values are not the ones which motivate the characters, but rather the glory of battle, not the fighting-for-the-guy-next-to-you that is so common in war movies, but the glory for oneself. The bloody sword at the end of the day dripping with the red life of your enemies. And it really doesn't matter who your enemies are
 Even with all the negative attention Cruise has been garnering lately it's hard to see why people wouldn't see this film. The movie is romantic and fanciful. It is somewhat ridiculous and over the top but also elegant. The fighting scenes are dead on and actually quite beautiful. By far though the star of this movie is Ken Watanabe. If for no other reason you should see this movie just because Billy Connolly is in it.
 La version de esta pelicula en bluray es excelente, los colores son mas vividos y el sonido es totalmente superior, es una de mis peliculas favoritas de tom cruise
 One aspect I really like in this movie is it's portrayal of PTSD in Cruise's character. I recommend it to family members of returning war veterans.
 Tom Cruise stars in this wildly entertaining prequel to Nick Castle's THE LAST STARFIGHTER.  Miss this and you'll be searching for a sword to fall on.
 Until the ending (which a previous reviewer correctly described as  maudlin ), Edward Zwick's THE LAST SAMURAI is a magnificent samurai epic, filled with great big emotions but also blessed with more thoughtfulness and intimacy than the usual Hollywood epic. The insights into Japan during this particular time setting---the late 1800s, when the samurai way of life was slowly fading away and Westernization was taking over---are sure to fascinate, and the action scenes are first-rate, as is the widescreen cinematography here by John Toll.  Ken Watanabe got justly deserved plaudits for his authoritative supporting turn here as samurai leader Katsumoto---he really takes the screen by force. A lot of critics, for some reason, weren't so complementary to Tom Cruise, as the American Nathan Algren, here. Perhaps they thought his pretty-boy image got in the way of either the epic's grand ambition or the effectiveness of his own performance. Whatever the reason, I personally didn't have such problems with Cruise in this movie---he seemed convincing enough here, although he certainly is upstaged by the sheer authority of Watanabe's performance. In short, THE LAST SAMURAI is overall a grand and glorious epic that admirably attempts to be more than just pretty pictures and awesome action scenes, and, more often than not, it succeeds in its noble ambitions. If the ending does come off as too preachy or over-sentimental in the usual Hollywood manner---well, I find it a forgivable lapse, indicative of the filmmakers' desire to function as both thoughtful historical commentary and great entertainment at the same time. I don't think many people will be bored by this movie (like many many people seem to be with LOST IN TRANSLATION). Recommended.
 They're Eastern costumes, mostly, but still costume drama. The situation, the final wresting of power from the last of the feudal lords, is historically true. The movie's story, however, involving the American gone native, is synthetic. It's a good movie. It addresses the Japanese culture with knowledge and respect. It brings to life one of the defining moments of Japanese history, possibly the one moment that marks the start of modern era. The costuming and architecture are beautiful. It presents the bushido, the samurai ethic, as an all-consuming force in the lives of the samurai themselves but also in their families. Still, I have reservations about semi-historical movies. Takamori's final battle is an historical event, and this presentation of it is fiction. Lord knows that Americans need more exposure to world history and that this flick is an enticing way to present it. Still, the movie blurs the line between fact and fiction, between entertainment and events as documented. As much as I like the movie, I don't think that it serves history very well.
 A lot of reviewers wax philosophical as they describe their reasons for disliking the movie -- not historically accurate, an offense to the Japanese, an offense to Western culture. I'm pretty well read with friends of all ethnic origins, and I enjoyed this movie thoroughly.  It's a simple story about a man's struggle to belong and regain his honor through helping others. Tom Cruise did his usual good-quality job, and the rest of the cast was outstanding. The real star of the movie is the allure of a simple life.
 But never really hooks the viewer. Good action but contrived.
 This is a movie that when it is on TV I will stop to watch it everytime.  Great flic but how is it that when searching for the movie I stumble on a blu-ray copy for 9.99 and VHS for 13.84???????  Did I miss something I know unfortunately that the 80's are coming back but not this much.
 In 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is living in a bottle.  He is a Captain in the U.S. Army who is so ashamed of the things he did in the Indian Wars under Gen. Custer that he has to constantly drink in order to forget the extremely painful memories.  Unable to keep a job, he decides to accept an offer from a Japanese noble-man.  Along with a few other military officers, including his old Colonel (Tony Goldwyn), whom Algren detests for ordering him to carry out viscious orders, and Algren's friend Zebulon Gant (Billy Connolly), he will travel to Japan to train the imperial army in modern warfare.  Japan is trying to modernize after centuries of isolationism, and there is a rebellion led by the Samurai, who believe that by modernizing, Japan is losing its sense of self.  The Samurai, led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), will do everything they can to protect the traditional Japanese values.  After the first battle, the poorly trained Imperial Army is massacred by the disciplined Samurai warriors, and Algren is the only soldier able to actually defend himself.  Sensing his strength, Katsumoto has him taken alive in order to be studied.  While in Katsumoto's village, Algren begins to discover many admirable qualities of the Samurai, including their discipline, their loyalty, and most importantly for Algren, their serenity.  This was a great film; it dealt with loyalty, moral ambiguity, and courage.  The story, while somewhat predictable, was a good one to tell.  However, this story probably is not very accurate, but that can be overlooked.  There are some logic problems (Algren learned Japanese FAST), but once again, they don't detract from this great film.
 The story
 Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is a human wreck. He's been through the American Civil War and also fought against Native Indians in a murderous little war.  He drinks to crush the horrible memories, but even that is failing to calm his tortured spirit.  With little to keep him in America, he joins a semi-official mercenary force that goes to Japan to help the pro-West government put down a samuari backlash  You'd think the new imperial army - armed with rifles and cannon - would be able to easily crush the sword-wielding warriors, but in his first encounter with samurai Algren's green troops are wiped out and he is captured.  He survives and is taken to the last samurai warlord Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who wants to learn about the West "to know his enemies better".  Initially reviled by the Japanese, Algren too is learning from his enemies and begins to appreciate their view on life and honour. When it comes time for his release he realises that perhaps the modern way is no longer his to follow.  That pretty much sums up the basic storyline of The Last Samurai and while it can be compared with Dances With Wolves, it is more action filled.  The fight scenes are superb and the battle scenes will have you on the edge of the couch.  The characters are believable and throughout the movie you will form attachments to them.  Cruise is at his best, while Ken Watanabe is sensational as the samurai fighting for his country's traditions and values. Timothy Spall also plays a wonderful role as a former British diplomat turned photographer.  The Last Samurai is excellent viewing and will appeal to those who like beautiful photography, a good storyline and terrific battle scenes.
 I guess everything that needs to be said about the actors, the set and the story has been said here, many times over.  . My hat is off to the Japanese actors and the costume & set designers.  The atmospheric element in this movie is stunning; for example, the first charge of the samurai in that misty forest, is unforgetable.  I loved the ninja attack. This is one of the few recent productions in which the masculine is portrayed in a wholesome manner
 This movie is a very interesting look at opportunism, guilt and shame on the one hand and opportunity, pride and honor on the other.  The irony throughout the movie was a comparing of these things within two cultural frameworks.  The clash between the old world being encroached upon by a new world.   The comparison between the opportunism of the US against the native American tribes compared to the resistance of the old world Japanese Samurai was fascinating to say the least.  The characters that were played by Watanabe and Cruise were very much linked through similar issues but from vastly different persepectives. Cruise plays a US Calvary Captain (Nathan Algren) who is tormented by his past and when he goes to Japan on a mercenary mission to assist the Emperor's minions in defeating the last hold out of the old ways he is forced to see himself and the world he is from through a different lens. The cavalier versus the discipline and strength of the Samurai are showed over again.  Algren goes through a metamorphasis of sorts.  It is a different look at the issues of east versus west. At varying points in the film, Algren is seen going through a conflict in his mind that torments him.  He is seen running from and with this scene playing within his psyche at all times.  His torment reaches it's climax in his captivity.  That is where the story changes and a man is free.   The issues that contain the ironies are things to look for, the western ways of expediency and convenience versus the eastern ways of patience.  Katsumoto (Watanabe) has a righteous anger, yet you need to listen carefully to his raging with the Emperor..... Algren finds himself in a new world and a new mentality.  I was left to wonder if there is a metaphor regarding today's east verse west conflict.  Today, some of the west come to adopt eastern ideology and even side with those in conflict with their societies.  It seems more that Cruise is accepting a cause than anything else and releases himself from his torment. The movie reflects a full range of emotion from sorrow, to anger to love and deep reflection.  This is rated R yet only for the violence and some language, there is no sex, no nudity and very little language and some of what is spoken is almost humorous.  Billy Connoly looks like John Cleese.  He has a few lines that come across funny to a degree. Tony Goldwyn plays Cruise's alter-ego who stays in character throughout.   The battle scenes, from the two larger battles to the one small skirmish are pictured very intensely.  I wonder if the scenes showing the battle between the Samurai and the newly formed Japanese army are really a reflection of the American Indian fighting the US Army in the great Indian wars.  It is from the same timeframe and to me it seems possible that the message was easier to get across so that it would be acceptable for those who are resistant to politically correct messages. The basic story though is well thought out and well presented.  I would have rated it a 5 and many would do so as well, yet the "BraveHeart type violence to me is getting a little worn thin.  The sheer violence of the small battle that ensued in Tokyo was enough to show intensity and bravado. The scene of hand to hand combat was appropriate and realistic.  I particularly was impressed with the intense desire to live shown in that scene. The sensation of emotion is very intense in this film and sensationalism was not necessary for me. I will watch this movie again and will add it to my wish list.
 A disillusioned, alcoholic American soldier (Tom Cruise) hires out as a mercenary in Japan to put down the rebellion of a samurai leader (Ken Watanabe), but instead he comes to admire their ways and joins them in their struggle.  This is a deeply flawed film that nevertheless has many fine points to recommend it.  It is a rousing adventure with stirring battle scenes.  The photography, costuming, and production design are astonishing, presenting a convincing and fascinating portrait of samurai culture and Japanese peasant life.  The cast is mostly excellent, especially Watanabe, who should be remembered at Oscar time.  However, there are two things that work against this film.  The first is Tom Cruise himself.  Although he does good work here, he just seems to be too lightweight as an actor to grapple convincingly with the issues of guilt and redemption that torment his character.  The biggest problem is the film's ending, which eschews an honest resolution in favor of Hollywood convention.  Nevertheless, the things that work in this film really work well, resulting in a entertaining and worthy feature./
 I wouldn't say that this movie is some extraodinary creation - just typical well-done Hollywood production. In different backgrounds the same kind of movie was played already a few times. The fighting scenes are great. Tom Cruise is good. Japanesse background is exciting. The major points in the history are correct. I have only two complains. First, the fighting parties are potrayed in white and black
 This movie is wonderful in Blu-ray and DTS digital surround. These formats were created for movies with great vistas and battle scenes, which abound here.  It's a movie about honor, bravery, nobility and redemption.  Along the way we have subplots including the clash of civilizations in 19th century Japan, a tender, thought-provoking love story, an action thriller and a buddy movie between the Tom Cruise character, Captain Algren and the Samurai warrior, Lord Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe, who gives a better performance than Cruise, IMO.  I'm not Tom Cruise's biggest fan.  I consider him to be more of a movie star than he is an actor, yet I keep finding myself watching and enjoying his movies and this is my favorite.  He did a fine job in this movie, however. Not perfect but not much is. It was a difficult part, in that he had to convincingly portray a man going through major changes.  The redemption I mentioned, had to have been emotionally challenging for the actor. He did all his own stunts, btw.  The direction, filming and editing is as good as anything you're going to see.  The Blu-ray transfer was excellent.  The sets, primarily in the Warner Bros lot in Burbank and in New Zealand were outstanding.  The extras were equally outstanding, with the voice-over commentary by director Edward Zwick going more into his emotional journey with the film far more than the usual "making of", although there's plenty of that in the extras as well.  I gave it 4 stars.
 Beware the Ultra edition of this movie. It is edited and the quality is horrible. Eros does it justice. Not edited and the quality is great for the film's age. When it comes to the movie, it's not Bollywood's greatest. However, I like it a lot and I think the music is awesome. If you're new to Bollywood, this may not be the best place to start, but believe it or not this was my first Bollywood movie and I fell in love right away.Romantic movies with great music. That pretty much sums Bollywood up. This movie is a bit different from the common Bollywood movie. It's a thriller which is not common in Bollywood, and the fact that it was made in the sixties and is influenced by sixties culture makes it are two reasons why. If you love the sixties like I do however, this is no problem. This movie starts out kind of confusing so I urge you to stick with it.
 Odd Movie. Need the English Subtitles to follow it. Kind of a 60's Musical, Murder Mansion Mystery. With India themes and actors. Some say it is a cult classic. Some say it represents the best of India Cinema (Bollywood). I can't say I would have even looked this up if it wasn't for the opening Dance-musical number that was made famous in the opening of the movie Ghost World. This movie has the complete original version of that fun, catchy Dance Tune, that is also recently used in the latest Hienikin Beer Commercial. This is a very unusual movie, not for all tastes, and the majority of the tunes are India 60's style Romance and Pop type tunes. Kinda whiney, as they go. But, boy oh boy, that great Opening Dance Tune alone will be worth the cost of the DVD. I'm sure you'll play it again many times.
 There was this advetisement for Heineken,which i wondered where the song was from.I searched around on the internet and found out that it is from a movie made in India.I have heard of Bollywood i have seen some stores,but this is the first movie i have ever seen from India.Kind of reminded me of the movies my X-wife used to watch from the Phillipines. What made me want to watch this movie was i saw the dance scene at the start for the song titled Jaan Pehechaan Ho,from Youtube.I thought it was kind of fun,i had to watch it a few times it's really cool.I liked the way it was all put together,and it's good the song is a long one. So i watched the movie and there was times i thought that the movie dragged on a bit, as it was a long movie.I actually thought the music wasn't bad for most of it.There was other dance scenes in it that were also well done. The plot is some people were told they had won a 2 week sight seeing trip.Only to find out they were dumped on an island with a killer who was out for revenge on each person there. Obviously i had to get subtitles.
 I enjoyed this Anime collection very much. You can find other reviews that will tell you all you could want to know about the story and content. So in summation it was enjoyable. This story did not leave this viewer with a sense of ending. There should be a second season to bring the story to a conclusion. Maybe there will be, until then, the ending of this series is only available in the manga books. I have not seen the manga story so I can not be sure it has a conclusive ending.
 The only reason this got 4 stars was due to the ending. It left me sort of let down. I found not knowing what happened to the two heroines really hurt the story. I was left wishing that we knew what came next. The plot does lead up to a nice climax but when we get hung out at the end. Other than that this was a really good series.
 This is a sci-fi action with magic thrown in. It has a bit of romance, some teen-angst soul-searching and plenty of other genres blended in well enough not to hinder the story-line and in most cases help develop it. As it is a S.A.V.E. edition I definitely though it was worth the money. I'd call it average to a little above average. Due mostly to violence, I would not recommend it for children, and some situations may not be acceptable to some parents.
 It's hard not to give a movie with Louise Brooks 5 stars, but this just isn't her best vehicle. In fact she only has a supporting role. But anything with Louise's smile is worth watching. If you don't own Pandoria's Box get it first, this is masterpiece. Other Louise Brooks are hard to find but can be worth the effort. Beggar's of Life is a point in example. Nut if you have Pandor's Box get this, it's worth it.
 Director Malcolm St. Clair's adaptation of the George Kelly stageplay THE SHOW-OFF is actually a Ford Sterling vehicle, despite cover art depicting Louise Brooks, who here portrays the girlfriend of a secondary character.  Sterling is best known as Chief of Mack Sennett's Keystone Kops. In this story he's the bragadocious J. Aubrey Piper, a carnation-wearing railroad clerk claiming to be a wealthy company big shot. Aubrey proposes to Amy Fisher (Wilson), which displeases her parents who are little-impressed with him, as they've been told the truth about their future son-in-law's lowly position and net worth. The two marry anyway, and spendthrift Aubrey is unable to support his bride on a clerk's pay.  After he wins a car in a raffle, Aubrey (who doesn't know how to operate it) causes several accidents by driving on the wrong side of the road. In the process of crashing the auto, Aubrey pins a traffic cop against a wall. In court he's unable to pay a $1,000 fine, so his brother Joe (Kelly) helps out, which causes a whole new set of problems.  In 1946, Red Skelton starred in one of the many remakes of <a href="http
 I received a bare-bones copy of the movie, a video rental copy with no extras at all. I was disappointed at this. However, the copy was flawless so from that point of view I was satisfied, I LOVE extras on a DVD, they are one of the main advantages over a VHS copy.
 I bought this movie for my semester break. I have only seen it once but it was nice having it for my break.
 Much better than T3, good action movie. I'm not going to get as detailed into it as some of the reviews. its not a complicated movie. Are there some gaffs that "true fans will notice and blog in their parent's basements about? Yes, but thats all movies.  Dont like it, start a movie studio and do it right.  Lots of nice easter eggs and references to T2. Pop some popcorn and watch. I would review the BR extras, but dont have a BR player. I rented it with the option of getting a disc, and at some point a BR player will make its way to our house. Till then...
 Terminator Salvation is a good re-visit to the past.  Good but not great.  A GREAT re-visit to a bonafide franchise is Die Hard 4.  Director Len Wiseman understood the material and seamlessly generated an explosive next chapter.  This is where Terminator Salvation falls short.  It borrowed too generously from the past and relied too heavily on editing to make it nothing more than a better than o.k. sequel.  Worth a watch but a missed opportunity for sequel greatness.
 When I got to the end of this movie I was relieved to realize that I'd actually seen something new in the Terminator series and not a simple re-hash of the other movies.  99% of this movie takes place post Judgment Day and concentrates on the rise of John Connor in the resistance and the first great victory against the machines.  This wasn't a movie where I was tempted to hit the fast forward button.  The action scenes are reasonably compact and progress the plot rather than simply being there for violence alone.  This movie leaves you with a feeling you have watched the foundation for at least one more Terminator movie, and if that is case I hope it retains the same actors and director as I liked the feeling of progression that you got from the story line here.  For me, Sam Worthington was a surprise. The only other movie I've seen him in is <a href="http
 Here is one the critics didn't think too much off, but both the wife and I found it enjoyable.  If you have seen the other Terminator movies, this fills in some good information on the series.  It is well acted and has plenty of action and I thought a very good story line.  One mans opinion but I recommend it for all action movie viewers.
 The blueray picture is always better than the DVD and the extra's are nice as well. The movie plot was so-so, but I was entertained throughout and thats what counts.
 If you enjoy movies that special effects have a starring role, you will like this one.  Also I'm a big fan of Christian Bale, so what more can I say?
 While i dont think any terminator could be as good as the first 2.  This one comes pretty close.  You know how in the the 1st one it kept going to flashforwards to the future and how scary it was.  well in this movie youre in that enviroment the whole time.  Skulls all over the ground, people living underground, terminators lurking around every corner.  Its awesome bc i always loved those scenes in the first one.  the story is about a guy in jail who got the death penalty and hes signs to give his body over to science, but instead later in the future he wakes up to realize hes a terminator.  he meets up with john conners dad kyle reese, who is younger than he is, as they try to get away from the terminators.  Later kyle convinces the terminator guy (i forget his name at the moment) to meet up with john and they also meet up with a beautiful woman and they fall for each other.  when they finally meet up with john and he realizes the guy is a terminator he has trouble trusting him and locks him up.  but the woman rescues him and then to prove hes a good guy he tries to help find kyle reese who gets kidnapped by the bad termiators.  anyway you must see it if youre a fan of sci fi movies or the terminator movies, and who isnt right?
 but there was this one part that had me laughing, the resistance, cops or whoever had freakin dogs with them to hunt down terminators ... lol ... freaking dogs!
 love the blue ray, it's better than the theater. this is one of the best terminator movies made. Christian Bale brings his usual intensity to the role of John Conner.  well done
 As a fan of the entire Terminator movie series, you would be forgiven for assuming that I would hate this movie. The truth is that I didn't watch this movie hoping it would match the brilliance of the original movies as I knew that simply wasn't going to happen. What we got was not a film that captured the terrifying doomsday essence of what made Cameron's two Terminator films so brilliant. We also didn't even get the cool and slick looking destruction heavy style of the third Terminator film. What we got instead was, what I felt, to be a perfectly captured post-apocalyptic world which contains a marvellous depiction of the human race when faced with what seems as the impossible fight for survival. Director McG has received a lot of doubt about his ability move the Terminator saga into the post-apocalyptic world which we first gained a glimpse of in the first Terminator movie. That doubt had no foundation and what McG presented in the finished piece, although the plot could do with some polishing, was a fantastically frightening environment with some cool effects and worthy acting throughout.  The plot sets John Connor in the year 2018. The machine uprising has begun and only small pockets of human resistance movements exist with the soul purposes of surviving and destroying the machine threat. John Connor has finally entered the position he was fated to enter since before he was born and is now the leader of the human resistance. He has encountered the machines before which gives him and his teams the advantage when knowing what they will be put up against as the human/machine war continues. As the resistance fight continues Connors father, Kyle Reese encounters Marcus Wright who we see at the start of the movie receiving lethal injections on death row just before the war begins. Marcus doesn't know what's happened as he woke up in the post-apocalyptic world with no memory of the machine initial attempt at destroying the human race. Marcus quickly partners up with Kyle Reese and a child we know as Star who are also on a mission to find the resistance leader and join the fight. The mystery eventually unfolds and we find out whether Marcus was sent from the future or is merely a survivor of the past and he becomes pivotal in the fight against the machine threat.  The film itself was very touch and go throughout. Some parts worked where others didn't but the entire piece presented an enjoyable action movie that doesn't go too much into the fight for survival on the psychological end of things but does retain the aura of desperation that the humans feel in their fight. Christian Bale was surprisingly awful in this and I honestly expected more from a man taking the reigns of the legendary John Connor. Bale presented an ultimately one dimensional character and you had to question his motives of taking the role of this infamous movie character. The mysterious Marcus Wright character, played by the brilliant Sam Worthington is a movie saving character from start to finish. His whole performance is brilliant throughout and manages to drive the plot along successfully with very little to work with in terms of original character depth. Kyle Reese played by the brilliant up and comer Anton Yelchin is also a delightful addition to the movie and adds again a bit of depth to the movies plot. Other supporting cast include Moon Bloodgood as Blair Williams and Bryce Dallas Howard as Connor's wife Cate. Also, a cool little cameo piece goes to the delightful Helena Bonham Carter as Dr. Serena Kogan who is a Doctor for Cyberdyne Systems and actually turns out to have a more pivotal role.  The action is brilliant throughout and with the apparent unbeatable nature of the machines this manages to present quite a daunting aspect to the theatre of the battles that ensue. The scale of the machine warfare is quite disappointing as when we first glimpsed the human/machine war in the first movie, we gained a glimpse of what seemed to be a constantly chaotic battle which left us wanting more. This film doesn't use Cameron's image as McG takes away the futuristic lasers and hoards of machines lined up executing human after human and he exchanges it for the odd flying scouting machine, a large harvester robot which merely collects the humans for what seems to be mass slaughter and of course, the T-600 machines which are a less advanced model of the T-800 machine which we all know as the 101 machine or Arnold Schwarzenegger who we all miss from this movie. This is probably what the movie is lacking the most as the absence of Arnie is certainly a drag for the Terminator franchise and I'm sure that if the effort were put into the writing, they could have found a role for the older Arnold in this film.  There's not denying that Terminator Salvation lacks the charm and excitement of its trilogy of predecessors, however, there's a lot that this film brings to the Terminator universe. The possibility of John Connors son, the look at the early models of the Terminator machines and the new machine concepts make it quite enjoyable. Had the acting been a bit better and the supporting cast a higher level of significance, this film could have been on par with the original 3. It's still a good film and a worthwhile waste of just under two hours.
 Like many Terminator fans, I was highly skeptical of this film's genuineness. After all, when films change hands, many times the real flow gets lost in the other director's point of view or a prematurely finished film. "Salvation surprisingly doesn't stray too far from what I would call the genuineness of the storyline. A few spots make you cringe a bit because the lines "come with me if you want to live and "there's no fate by what we make are regurgitated in the film. However even though the first half was hard to get into, by the time the movie is 3/4 done, you are sucked in completely. This is not anything like the other Terminator movies, as it is based in the present, not in the past...and it's more of a sci-fi war film than a story-based sci-fi thriller.  The appearance of the Arnold-looking T-800 towards the end nails it down. The first T-800 appears, and it immediately hones in on John Connor. It is indestructable and incredibly merciless. A wonderful foreshadowing of the human-cyborg terminators.  Details are well-scripted, even to the very detail of John Connor's face getting scarred by the Terminator's nails (compare his scars in Terminator 2 at the beginning, when Commander John Connor is lowering his binoculars). The rescue of young Kyle Reese was wonderful, but the introduction of Kyle made him look like a street rat who steals things and vandalizes. All with his little black kid side kick.  I would have appreciated a little more depth, a way to get to know the characters better so you can really connect. This is obviously missing when compared to the work of Cameron in the first two installments.  Story-wise this film is incredible. Compared to the other Terminator films however I was expecting more. It always seems that it would be the new director's point of view on how it really should be.  I think the new director did a good job on this film. Kudos.
 Much better than I had heard from others. Just goes to prove that you shouldn't let others opinions influence you. This was a very enjoyable movie.
 I was reading some bad reviews about this movie, and I was a bit amazed.  The CGI to me it was pretty good, at least I liked it better than the Terminator 3 CGI...  Some people said it had many plotholes but I really didn't see them, we didn't know much about the story about Kyle and John becoming a leader, etc...  Some of the reviews I read were also complaining for things they either didn't understand or didn't pay enought attention, or simply didn't know some things and just criticized for the sake of it.  One HUGE mistake that I notice constantly that people make, is when they go to see a movie with a preovious expectation...  If you go to see a movie thinking it's going to be awesome (or at least thinking it might be similar to "something") you're probably gonna exit the theater dissapointed... As how it happens if you don't know what to expect of a movie and you end up liking it (sometimes you go see a movie thinking it will suck and when you finish it, you keep thinking the same, but that's just the mistake of going to see that movie with a fixed expectation of failure)  Overall I liked the movie, the acting wasn't anything amazing, but it was enough for this movie, and the story of Marcus I found it to be interesting and well adapted into the idea of the movie.  Finally, I think that people who went to see this movie and didn't like it is because they were expecting another terminator, like the previous ones, or simply was expecting to be dissapointed and got what they hoped for, but still it's a good story, maybe not a huge story, but an important part of the mythology IMO, it added new things to our knowledge, it confirmed others and just played with information we already knew just for the viwer's pleasure...
 loved this movie.  this is one of those that'll stay in my collection.  cant wait for the next one.
 Actually, I've never watched the movie - but my oldest son had it on his wish list for Christmas. The ONLY place I found it (Director's Cut, Digital Copy) was on Amazon.
 I found this movie to be very good, especially since it finally brought the franchise out of the present day and into the future. Bale, Yelchin, and Worthington give excellent performances. The action and special effects are great. The added 3 minutes of footage give some extra cool touches to the film. Many complain that Skynet should have killed Reese immediately, but they forget that it has always been Skynet's goal to kill Connor, not Reese, and it is never stated that Skynet knows that Reese is Connor's father.
 After becoming a blockbuster series in the making with the one-two punch of "The Terminator and "Terminator 2
 To give you an idea where I stand with the Terminator franchise, I give T1 and T2 5 stars and T3 3 stars... This film was gritty like the first with a fresh and new direction. This time dealing with the months and years after "Judgment day John Connor is finding the path that will ultimately lead him to save humanity. It easily out shined the 3rd installment and kept on pace with the first 2. An easy 3.5-4 star review..... I can't wait for Mc G's next story arch...
 Well, the movie was fun and it was great to see Arnold, well kinda, back as the character that started it all. The movie is well worth watching and the picture is awsome. The so called director's cut, leaves alot to be desired. The rating is changed to an "R because of 3 minutes that are lame and could have been more. We see a all to brief view of Williams breast, and, I do mean brief and from the side. This does NOT improve the movie or add anything to the plot. I am happy that this version came with the set, if, I bought this version for the extra scene it would have been a big let down. I hope that a version with more extra scenes is released soon.
 The film is in no danger of ever becoming a classic, but it was much better than I had expected. It had some goofy moments and some really blatant ripoffs of earlier films, but by modern hollyweird standards that`s not half bad. Most are far worse. Unlike most recent sci-fi films that hollyweird has inflicted on the public, this one at least had a plot even if it was a fairly predictable one and a story line that at least mostly made sense. How far entertainment has fallen in the last few years. Here I am praising a film because it`s not nearly as bad as most of the trash put out in the last few years.
 When I heard that Christian Bale was starring in the newest TERMINATOR film, I flipped.  I mean, Bale's portrayal of Batman (or, rather, Bruce Wayne; I have qualms about his Batman voice, but that's another rant) helped rejuvenate the ailing franchise...hell, it brought it back from the grave.  I figured he could do the same for TERMINATOR as well, a series that started strong, became excellent, and then fizzled in the third entry.  Well...SALVATION is much stronger than TERMINATOR 3
 I saw this movie with my son, and it is nothing like the other movies but make a little bit of sense to me but I think it could have been a hell of alot better with fighting sequence and special effets. I understand why sam worthington is a terminator because of my states gov. not being able to film in it but yet they use the cg versiion of him, that was cool. on the other hand I think they should bring worthingtons caracter back for the next movie and give him more of a role as well as other cast members . and find someone other than christan bale.....
 Yet again we see one more movie from the Terminator Franchise. Ever since the first Teaser Trailer for Salvation was launched, I had been excited for this movie. Recently there had been very big speculation with this particular Movie, especially by the Critics World. I was surprised to see this movie getting whacked so much by the critics at [...] I have seen this movie at last and I can say this Movie deserved much more than what it received at Rotten Tomatoes. There is no doubt Terminator 2
 for the movie itself, i give it 5 stars. I loved Terminator Salvation. But overall, the Director's cut was kind of a let down.  the regular version is exactly 115 minutes, Director's Cut is 117 minutes. THe only real added shots in the Director's cut is a surprise terminator attack at the beginning of the film (when Connor leads his men down the water filled tunnel), a bit more Connor speach where he mentions his mom right before "then what is the point in winning and the "nude shot of Moon Bloodgood.  the 2nd disc features 2 Terminator Salvation features. the 1st one is solid, called "Refocusing on the future". This feature runs about 20 minutes and is pretty neat, but way too short. Clerks 2 for exampled had a feature that ran over 1 hour covering everything from pre-production to post production.  the 2nd feature has about 4 short (3-5 minutes each) features that talk about the moto-terminators, the return of Arnold, the use of the Air Force in helping with the film, etc.  Overall, the movie is awesome, but the DVD Director's cut is a let down when you really think about it. They really could have just stuck everything on one DVD instead of 2.  for this reason, 4 stars.
 The movie was good, a few bad lines, but mostly the editing was really off, they shouldn't have cut the time down to under 2 hours and made it a PG-13 flick.  That was a big mistake, that's like making Rambo a G-rated film, it's just not right.  Christian Bale is good as John Connor, he gives an alright performance, but he could have done a little better.  Anton Yelchin (Young Kyle Reese) did a superb job portraying the young hardened soldier who will eventually go back to protect young Sarah Connor, but not in this film.  The movie is good, but due to editing and script changes here and there, caused the movie's poor performance at the box office.  It's still a good film to watch, it gives us a fresh new look at the world post Judgment Day.  It's NO James Cameron film by a long shot, but still decent with good action.  Just don't expect to follow the plot as it has it's ups and downs by the different writers that wrote the screenplay.  Expect a future blu-ray/dvd Terminator Salvation
 [....]  Now, with that out of the way....  This "Rated R cut of the film is truly the best version of it.  I don't agree with the way that some of the additional scenes were dropped in, but it probably serves the film better to not have eloquent wipes and dissolves.  That way, the viewer is dropped into it and it's an enjoyable ride.  McG and Co. really put forth the effort on this film, and contrary to the scathing reviews by the so-called "professionals", it is rather enjoyable.  It sure as hell beats most of the other films that came out around the Summer period!  The action, effects, and storytelling were done very well.  However, there are times when Worthington and Bale's Australian and English accents came out in the dialogue.  I must admit that it distracted me from the experience and reminded me that it was "just a film until the next chase or explosion came along.  The Bonus Features Disc has some great behind the scenes and "how they did it stuff, but was kind of short and felt like there could have been more.  Overall, a good effort and a good starting point for a new series of films.  Terminator films, even with their flaws, take us on a wild ride.  Mission accomplished.  I await the next one!
 Don't get fooled by the digital copy claim that is on for this product. It expired in December 2010. Other than that I am happy with it.
 I agree with previous posts! I am so tired of them trying to shove Blue Ray down everyone's throats by forcing them to purchase BR instead of DVDs because they are not putting extras, or alternate versions, or even second discs with the DVD versions anymore. I don't own a Blue Ray player and I'm not buying one just so I can watch extras (however the extras are half the reason I buy a movie a lot of times). I'll keep buying regular old DVD's if they have the FULL PACKAGE or I won't buy any at all and wait until they release it with all the extras. It's crap.  I'm in the entertainment industry and I want to see the storyboards, the preproduction, the special effects, hear the commentary, etc. Every time a new wave of movies are released there's less and less on the DVD and they're putting it on TWO blue ray discs (which defeats the purpose of blue ray anyway - it's supposed to hold more and they're putting the same mount of content on 2 blue rays as they did on 2 DVDs). They're just trying to get as much money out of people as they can. It's CRAP.  Overall I enjoyed this movie, but am not happy about the DVD vs. Blue Ray release. Might as well stop making DVD's altogether if you want us to buy Blue Ray so badly.
 I'm a huge fan of the Terminator series and I saw this movie on the midnight premier when it was released in theaters! I loved the movie, it's something I was wanting to see for a long time, a movie about the future war against skynet. Christian Bale did a great John Connor and Sam Worthington as Marcus Wright was great too! The movie stayed very true to the previous 3 movies and stuck to the time line way better then T3 did.... When I entered the movie theater, I didn't have any great expectations though, because I'm not a fan of Mc G's previous movies and didn't really think he could pull it off, but he did it. There's been a lot of bad reviews about this movie, but trust me, if you are a true Terminator fan, you are going to love this movie! The action scenes are great, the plot is familiar and also has a little something that feels new and fresh. The actors / actresses did a great job in their rolls and the machines were amazing! I personally think this is the best Terminator movie since T2 and I give the movie 5 stars out of 5, but now to the DVD review.....  The Special edition DVD is good, but honestly could've been better and I'm still kind of trippin cuz Mc G promised us a 30-40 minute longer version a long with a bunch of special features, but instead we got about a 20 minute "making of documentary and a few other extras, not much at all... The Blu-Ray I still haven't seen, but I've heard that there's a few more extras that I wish they would've added. I'm glad I didn't go buy the regular DVD, because the regular DVD just has the PG-13 movie and no extras and that is really screwing fans over IMO. Anyway if you're a REAL Terminator fan, I suggest you add this to your collection, don't mind what the dumb critics say about this movie, because honestly this is one of the best action movies I've seen in a very long time and a great addition to the Terminator franchise. IMO Terminator Salvation is the best Terminator movie since T2
 the blu ray is off the hook and is one of the better ones i've seen. the movie itself is not bad at all. i think people were expecting mcg to pull a james cameron but of course that wont happen because hes not james cameron lol. he still gives you an interesting story with good special affects. this is a lot better than what i was expecting so i give it a solid four.
 This movie is pretty unique in the fact that it has 2 male lead characters. (Christian Bale as John Connor and Sam Worthington as Marcus Wright) and suprisingly, it works. Thy manage to pull it off without eclipsing each other. Performances were good specially Worthington's even thou Bale did a terrific job as well and Anton Yelchin's performance as Kyle Reese was really believable (This guy also played the Russian genius kid in the new Star Trek). Effects were good, story was enjoyable and interesting. They even throw a couple of nods to the previous terminators that were really cool. All in all, not as era-defining as Terminator 2 but a worthy addition to the series nevertheless. (Unlike Rise of the Machines, which I think we can all agree, it's OK to pretend it never happened).
 this is a vevy good movie i have wacth it 3 times now. i love it,it keeps you on you feet.
 Good effecs, pour argument, but the movie is not to bat, in list you pass the time, the actor is good very good a refer to Bale (Batman).
 I am a fan of the Terminator saga. Terminator 2
 This movie was awesome. Great action, characters, and a great story. It never had a dull moment.
 Loved this movie. I was expecting the worst but this terminator movie is runner up to the original only.
 I thought the movie was decent, but I was very impressed on how fast it arrived after I placed my order.
 I guess I really dont get why so many ppl trash this movie, sure it's not perfect (how many are?), but it is a great action movie in my opinion and I was entertained by it. I like many of you am also a fan of the terminator series and yes I know T2 rocked and was the best. Is it b/c Arnold is no longer there, except in the cgi form (which I thought looked really fake and they couldve left out) or perhaps b/c James Cameron didn't direct it? Personally I judge it on its own accord (new actors/new director) rather than comparing it to previous Terminator movies.  I liked Mr. Bale as Connor, he did a pretty good job. I liked the story line w/ Marcus revolting and helping to save Connor and the resistance and Connor risking everything to save his teenage future dad from skynet. The action scenes were really intense and the movie does have a modern/futuristic feel to it which is cool. Although I wish the movie was longer, 1 hr 45 minutes(approx.) just seems too short in my opinion, it would've been better say at 2hrs 15 minutes or so and thus allowed for a bit more depth & character development. I dont like the clean PG-13 rating. I would like it to be more violent, bloody, gory, gritty, etc. staying true to a real war situation. Overall, I'm glad they made this movie, it gives the series new legs, and I look forward to more.
 When I think of the "Terminator film franchise, two things immediately come to mind
 great graphics, good sci fi, our family of 5, 4 of which are male love the terminator movies.
 I barely remember the Terminator movies, so the impact was less harmfull on watching terminator salvation. I was'nt really looking for a continuation of the franchise, i just wanted to be entertained.  And that's what this movie does. I found the movie had great effects, good sound and some great robots. The characters in the film were interesting and the acting was decent.  I find it soo weird to see a digitized Arnold near the end...but a must for the movie. A keeper...good to watch multiple times.
 Terminator Salvation is a good action movie, continues the Terminator saga.  Don't go in expecting it to make a lot of sense though.  Just sit back, watch and enjoy.  And as usual in this series, the Terminator is by far the best character and the one you root for.
 I was hoping for more from this but it was busy paying homage to the prior Terminator catch phrases and not focused enough on plowing its own ground.  On Blu it was amazing to watch at home.  There is a scene at the gas station where a ginormous Terminator thing flattens everything in its path.  At the theater that scene was one of the best of all of the summer blockbusters.  At home it's not as impressive but the sound and picture quality on this disc is stunning.  I watched on a Panasonic plasma, 50", 1080p via HDMI from a Playstation3.
 good movie John Connor (Christian Bale) a little over the top (over dramatic at times), good CGI - loved the bikes.
 I never bothered to see this in the theater because I couldn't really accept a PG-13 rated Terminator.  I understand that that is the money rating, but come on.  I'm actually glad I bought this the R-rated version because I really enjoyed it.  The action was good and really well shot.  Overall it was really a good flick.  It wasn't the epic that I was hoping for, but it is definately a solid 4 star action flick.  ***MILD SPOILER*** I hadn't heard anything specific about this movie so when the T-800 came out looking exactly like an early-mid 80's Arnold I was pleasantly shocked because during the marketing of this they made such a point to say that he wasn't going to be in it when I saw him I got goose bumps.  I realize it was a CG head (or at least face) but that was pretty sweet. *****NO MORE SPOILERS*****  All in all I recommend it for any fans of the first two Terminators.  It's at least worth a rental.  I do hope the extended version that everyone seems to be talking about gets released.  I'd like to see that.
 While this is no T2 (the best in the franchise, in my opinion), Salvation is at least better than T3 which was a ham-fest.  This provides a different view on the Terminator series in the sense that it does take place in 2018.  I went in to this movie with little or no expectations because of the bad reviews and came out pleasantly surprised.  It's a decent film.  I would (and have) watch it more than once.  What this says for my intelligence is questionable (as it seems to be made with someone with a low IQ) but sometimes these mindless-fun popcorn movies end up being the best guilty pleasures.
 Very solid movie, not as good as I thought it would be, but still worth the money. Great visuals, although the sound was average.
 I've been a fan of the Terminator series for as long as there's been a Terminator series and at the conclusion of each of the films there's been a steady theme to my wonderment
 Taking the advice from some people here, I found the 2-disc with a few extras at Target. Apparently Target has the exclusive deal on this. The movie is the "Director's Cut with slight variations to the theatrical version. There is no commentary track here. The Special Features are found  on the second disc along with the digital copy. Personally, the digital copy doesn't do a thing for me. First up is "Reforging The Furture which runs 18
 I just got my copy of the Blu Ray version and it is beautiful. Compared to T3 this is a very good movie, compared to T1 and T2 not so good. The Special Features are good except that many, maybe most, are devoted to showing that McG, the Director, is a genius. He makes the claim that none of the explosions (and there are a ton (but that's in all the Terminator movies) are just for impact that all contribute to the story; not so in my opinion. For example one massive firefight and explosion when the 'Cyborg' or whatever it is escapes is largely pointless. Moon Bloodgood sustains a minor injury, but otherwise, nada.  The so-called 'Director's Cut' is a joke. The only thing in adds is a side view of Moon Bloodgood's breast. McG obviously wants people to think he is the new James Cameron, but he is not. He does do a good job of being much more faithful to the story line than T3 and also sets up more Terminator movies without being too heavy handed. But this is not a classic.  By the way, the 'special features' definitely answer the question of whether it is the 'real' Arnold or a CGI 'Arnold.' But you'll have to see it for yourself, I won't spill the beans.
 It should really have ended with TERMINATOR 2
 I liked this movie a lot, but I enjoy the TV series much more. It is easier to follow the time-travel elements in the TV series over the movie T-4. I thought it was a great way to weave the transcendent mythos of
 You will not recognize the actors, or so little. Even the cameo of Schwarzenegger is computer-generated. The film does not bring much new data. It seems to be mixing time periods, but it does not matter. The machine world has been experimenting a new generation of robots, partly human (brain and heart, etc) and partly machine to infiltrate the resistance. They are capturing human beings now to create that new army of infiltrators. Logical but not revolutionary, my dear Watson, or is it Sherlock Holmes, I was going to say Shakespeare. Then the resistance has been able to devise a signal that can freeze the machines that are always controlled by come kind of wave. Interesting but only experimented at local level.  The new thing though is that the only existing hybrid retains enough humanity to be a machine for the machines, and recognizable as such by them, but with a real loyalty to humans to the point of helping John Connor come into the headquarters of Skynet, the network that controls all the machines, liberate the prisoners there, have a final fight with the impersonation of Schwarzenegger, escape with Kyle Reeves, a key to the future and destroy the place, which is a "given back for a "given gift because the military headquarters of the resistance had been destroyed because they tried to send a general air strike on Skynet in San Francisco, a move which was successfully opposed by John Connor and thus did not happen, but the signal these generals had sent to all units had had the effect of being detected by Skynet who had sent their taskforce to clear the place in one big airstrike.  This episode, that will have to have a sequel since the salvation is not finished yet and has not reached liberation, ends with the hybrid being, Marcus Wright, giving his human heart to John Connor to save him before John Connors dies of his wounds. That human touch, quite in the style of Jesus giving his life to save humanity is going soft on our emotions and that's its main objective. A few tears please. But all together the story has not advanced a lot, except to prepare an eventual next episode that could be at least the first step towards liberation. But frankly the main danger of humanity today is not machines and an eventual take over from them, which would explain the relative flop of this film. It is more the take over the financial tycoons and traders of Wall Street had been able to perform leading the world nearly to the bottom of the abyss, at least to the brink of it.  When I see the anti-machine or anti-technology stand of some in our society particularly among educators, I am amazed. This very week a university professor in education is advising us to take into account as the basis of our reflection the children who only have school at their disposal to acquire school-knowledge. I would like that very acute young man to tell me today what school-knowledge is in the knowledge economy and society, and to point out to me the child (a wolf child I guess, since so far wolves don't have TVs and smart phones) who would have had access to no other source of knowledge than school.  These fake social-climbing-and-politically-minded-though-not-politically-correct-except-with-Trotskyites intellectuals were those who refused to use the radio in class, and then who considered television as the killing challenger of school, and now consider that all communication tools have to be banned from schools and universities, first of all smart phones. Yes there are some in our universities who think smart phones are nothing but a means of cheating.  This ideology is behind the Terminator series, but it is today very pass&eacute;, very pre-historical, if history started with the GUIs (Graphical Users Interfaces). A highly considered communication expert I read in some paper lately considers that the technological revolution of our time started in the early 1990s. What an ignoramus. I would have sworn the Internet was first successfully tested between Stanford and Oakland, California, in the fall 1969, and that the first GUI was invented by Apple for its first McIntosh, and then by Microsoft with Windows 3.1, both at the beginning of the 1980s. Why should we be afraid of machines? The Matrix was a lot more positive on the subject, even if the tale needs a human sacrifice, a Savior of sorts to conquer peace with machines and to rebut for a while the engineering mind behind it all, behind all the Mr. Smiths of this world.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 I was surprised how much I liked this movie considering all the bad reviews. How can anyone complain about it being too dark or grim? It's post nuclear war, helloooo it's not meant to be a happy, family type of film. Very good sci-fi flick, cant wait for the blu ray in Dec
 After Terminator 3 a lot of people probably figured the series was over. Arnold was gone, Judgment day happened, what else was left? Terminator Salvation takes on the next logical subject, the war of the future. Salvation's apocalyptic showdown is a bit more tame than the one Cameron originally gave us- unstead of a hellish, black warzone roamed by uncountable armies of terminators, Salvation takes the life after people route as human stragglers hide from roving killer robots in the abandoned derelicts of civilization. The film follows a crew of heroes who come together to battle Skynet, culminating in more of the industrial-warhammer-hell you might have expected.  Perhaps one of the biggest stars of Salvation is the special effects work. As much as possible this film uses model work and animatronics SUPPLIMENTED by CG, and it shows. The corny CG of 3 is gone, replaced by believable, gritty mechanized mayhem. This realism cost the film dearly, giving a budget it couldn't really hope to recoup, but it's worth it as an example of what you can do if you don't just rely on computers.  The BD looks and sounds fantastic. Unlike the overproduce T3, Salvation has grain in the night shots, tons of detail, and all sorts of rugged post-apocalyptic dirt on actors faces (except the pristine and, in this version, slightly more nude Moon Bloodgood). The terminators in particular look genuinely awesome, although they don't quite achieve the jerky nightmarish appeal of the stop-motion original. Like T3 this movie ONLY has a pop-up menu. There's a good variety of special features and additional footage- some of the restored content, primarily the expansion of some of Marcus' scenes, is a welcome addition to the film, while other bits, such as the aforementioned almost-nudity, seem poorly edited in.  Overall, this is a worthwhile buy for series fans and hi-def aficionados, although the slow, moody pace and dependance on past material may put off people new to the series. So if you haven't seen any Terminator films and you're looking at this... Buy all 4. They're cheap now.
 ever since i was a kid i have loved the terminator movies.i remember back in the early 80s being upset at the idea of never having a terminator 2.i remember in the early 90s,being estatic when they made a second part.i remember in the early part of the 2000s loving the 3rd part.   but there were 2 things i really wanted.the first was to not have to wait a decade in between parts.the second was to see the actual man vs machine war.a whole movie dedicated to just that and not existing only in flashes and memories.   well,here it is!it only took about 5 years,maybe less and the war is on!i really liked this movie a lot.it is not nearly as good as the first 3,but it is definately a good movie.   i didnt like a few things but they are minor.one was that i kept seein john connor as bruce wayne.a silly quirk i know.2 of the main characters looked a lot alike.it confused me a bit.the only real issue i had with the story was the innefficient death camp.   john connor,the best hope for mankind and terminator hater extrordinaire,makes a deal with a terminator.that rubbed me the wrong way.hes supposed to hate them so much.   i also didnt like that arnold swarzanegger was in the movie.he was ranked as the number one enemy against guns in the u.s. .  now the hypocrite plays in a movie full of guns?ive lost all respect for that guy.   the general consensus is that this movie is a let down.i say it is NOT a let down,only not as good as it predecessers.  one of the female soldiers kisses a  terminator at the end.if machines get her hot,she couldve just stuck her tongue in a toaster.
 Good movie and good details story link with old part. Nice Feature behind the screen in Bluray
 Finally, something to make up for the fiasco of T3.  This was a great film! I almost didn't want to see this movie, but I'm glad I did now, and I wasn't disappointed. Lots of story and action going on here, kept me interested in it from start to finish. Christian Bale has become the go-to actor for franchise films, and this one continues in the tradition of the original, with lots more. And even better, the ending was much better than I would have expected, certainly, with the direction it seemed to be going after it was revealed that one of the heroes of the movie was a Terminator, they worked it out into a satisfying, if poignant, ending. And to top it all off, we even got a little bit of "Arnold in the movie. Brilliant!
 It 2018 and Judgement Day has happen the war between man and machine raged on for years, but on man Marcus Wright doesn't know anything about it, all  he remembers is being put to death for killing two men. Coming to Los Angeles, Marcus meet Kyle Reese and a girl named Star. Across Califoria for told leader of the resistance John Conner is battling the machine and those in command who don't belive that Conner will in the end lead the humans to victory. But Conner's and Wright's path are going to cross with a shocking discovery that may the eend mankind for ever and cost Conner his life. "Terminator Salvation is the lastest installment is a Terminator Saga and as good as the second movie. Christian Bale plays John Conner just right as a man who has a great burden is trying to help others survive, when he couldn't stop Judgement Day from happen. Sam Wentworth is also great a man who trying to make-up for past sins. Bryce Dallas Howard doesn't get much screen time as John's Kate, a role she took over from Claire Danes. Moon Bloodgood plays Blair Williams a fighter pilot who begins to have feelings for Wright even after she learns who and what his is. Director McG doess overall great job with the movie giving a the audience lots of action. The DVD itself could have been better. There are no extra features, we can only hope that they will be  second release of the DVD that will have some extras in the future.
 Really impressed with this version! I hope and look forward to christian bale in the future..the variety of terminators in this is great and as in any sci fi our humanity is highlighted Good and bad.
 Ok. Finally a good movie of 2009. Ironic that the dvd itself is weak. The crappy Transformers sequel and Star Trek movies get great treatment but this excellent movie does not???  Anyway.....  This movie is excellent. Great story of redemption. The character Marcus is a death row inmate then changes and becomes hero to mankind, saving John Connor in the end. He gets his second chance at life. There are many great nods to the other movies. You see how John Connor gets his scar seen in the very first movie. You see the T-800s as they come out of the factories(has the Arnold look), great touch to the 1984 movie. There is lots of action too and many different versions of the enemy, from snake like to King Kong sized to the evil looking T-600s. I reccomend this to any Terminator fan. 4 stars for the actual movie and 1 star for the poor dvd release. This was the best action movie of the 2009 summer. No crude sex jokes or complete insult to the franchise. Just great sci fi action. This won't disappoint.
 After watching this 4th of the Terminator series, it is clear to me that James Cameron was the key reason behind the Terminator series's success. McG, the director of this film, seems to be gifted in action sequences but rather poor in editing.  Everyone knows that very few films will ever measure up to the first two Terminator films. The 2nd Terminator (Judgement Day) still ranks as one of the greatest action movies of all time and the 1st Terminator does not rank too far behind. This is an entertaining film which will unfortunately forever be compared to the first 2 films. This film falls short of the first two.  The best portion of this film are the action sequences. The Mad Max like thrilling action sequences are breathtaking. This Terminator film brings back much of the old school special effects using real stuntman (not CGI) to perform very dangerous yet entertaining stunts.  The film suffers from a noticeably bad editing. The sequences do not flow well in many scenes. For example, the scenary between the Blair Williams and the thugs are shown abruptly right after Marcus Wright and Blair developes a romantic chemistry. The scene which a human prisoner is shot by a T-600 is best described as choppy.  You will notice more than few sequences in which few hours of filming seemed to have been condensed into few seconds.  The storyline is also very choppy as well. It appears Dr. Serena Kogan's role has been changed many times. That's too bad since I think Serena's role could have been a pivtol and a fascinating one. Perhaps Marcus Wright's original role has been altered more than a few times. The storyline is not entirely coherent.  Moon Bloodgood, who plays Blair Williams, was the most convincing actor. Sam Worthington has proven himself to be a bonifide action star. And Christian Bale has done nothing to derail his action star status.  Perhaps the director McG tried too hard to condense this film into under 2 hours. I think the film would have benefited from another 15-25 minutes and a more consistent storyline.  Lastly, I think this Terminator film does not portray the post Judgement Day human suffering well at all. Where are the starving and wretched human existence? Does John Connor's greatness reside primarily in his knowledge of the Skynet and the Terminators?
 I guess this is one of those movies that people either love or hate. I should first off I have hated pretty much every movie McG has ever directed til now. This is his calling IMO and it's a shame people are ripping the movie apart I think more because of the director then anything. Sort of like Paul W.S Anderson who made a great sci fi flick in Event Horizon but like McG gets tons of hate so people piss on that movie as well as a result.  Terminator Salvation is not ground breaking. It's not the greatest action sci fi movie ever made and no it's not as a good as the original or T2 but what it does do is open the series up to a whole new dimension by taking it into the future which is something some of us have been wanting to see for awhile now. It delivers on the action and the story is entertaining.  The reason I gave the comparisons I did was because it fit. During the scenes when Sam Worthington first walks into the bombed out cites it very much reminded me of the game Fallout 3. Now to someone who has not played the game this won't make much sense but to me it makes perfect sense and brought a smile to my face. The T-600 reminded me of Super Mutants from the game. The Transformers aspect is obvious and I love the sound the giant robot Terminators make. Quite horrific and very fitting. The Road Warrior aspect plays a role as well in addition to throwing in obviously some of the feel from the other 3 Terminators.  Story wise I don't want to give away anything as I am not a fan spoilers but the ending was very satisfying and brought a huge smile to my face.  Again this movie is enjoyable delivered what I wanted from it. I really do think the negative reactions to this movie is part hate for McG and part over hyping and wanting something else from the movie instead of taking it for what it was, escape for two hours with a fun filled action ride.  As far as the bluray goes the sound and picture quality are both fantastic and for the current price of $15.99 you really can't go wrong.
 i was never a big fan of the terminator films this one was differnt,i really liked its gritty sets etc. its well worth seeing! check it out!
 Boy, this got hammered by most critics. But I don't know what the problem was - I know it's pretty grim from start of finish, and it doesn't have the humor of the earlier Terminator flicks. But I thought this was really well done, and that both Christian Bale and especially Sam Worthington did a fine job, the story moved along quickly for a 2-hour movie, and there were enough twists and turns to keep me interested throughout. Besides, how can you not love a movie who's leading babe is named Moon Bloodgood (REAL name, not her character!)I think it was unfairly maligned because of the high budget and Bale's on-set rant; but taken as a straight sci-fi action movie, it's pretty darn good!
 This is a really really really good movie and I was very glad to find the director's cut of it.
 My family thought that this DVD was in a very good condition. Enjoyed it very much
 I thought the story behind this movie was a great idea, except for the plot behind the supporting actor but that's not a bad thing per se. My main question with it would be if Skynet could do this with one person why not make more of them? I would rate this one right up there with T2. This movie may break with the time-travel use of the first three movies but I see that as a wise choice. I don't know if there will be another Terminator movie but if it's close to the quality of this one it will be good.
 I've never been a Terminator fan maybe because I'm not an Arnold fan. I like Christian Bale since he played American Psycho. Therefore, I liked this movie. Simple as that. But if you're a huge fan of the series Terminator then indulge in owning a copy of Terminator Salvation.
 "Terminator
 I liked it the shipping was fast the Lossless audio is the best and I am also in sales so I use demo scenes from this movie to sell home audio systems ...must have!!!
 Why do films that come out within 5 years of each other over use the in now hit actor? I would have prefered a no name actor to play John Conner.  The first time watching the movie I almost expected him to say I am Batman and throw a batarang or something. but other than this it is a great flick and follows well with the terminator line.
 This really is a good movie. Good action. Good acting. and above all it's a good-dang Terminator movie I am not looking for Academy Award stuff here. I just want a movie that has explosions and robots. Does the movie have to have a good script? No, the thing that makes the old movies so good is the ridiculous script. I want people to stop whining that this movie sucked because if you compare it to the old films, without letting your biased for the "classics get in your way, then this movie is actually better then the first two. The third one was really just a mistake and I will acknowledge that at least.  So if you want a good action movie with a decent story, and quite convoluted at times if you think about it,then watch this one.  PS think about the title of this review also while you watch.
 Way to many people are trashing this movie for no good reason. This is a fine addition to the Terminator storyline. Set in the future after "Judgment Day it follows John Connor leading the resistance. The movie is well written and well acted (Worthington has serious potential) and throws you the occassional curveball to keep you interested. The action is well done and cgi compliments it! A must see for anyone who is a fan of the franchise. If this is your first exposure to it, you will find yourself looking for the other three movies a.s.a.p.  MY BLU-RAY THOUGHTS
 BACKGROUND Back in the 80s I wasn't a fan of the first Terminator movie and actually I wasn't fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger movies at all. Years later I gave a chance to T2 and I was blown away. I thought that the movie was awesome and that they rescued the story. But then years later T3 came out and I was very disappointed. Now with Terminator Salvation I have mixed feelings. The movie and plot is essentially good and entertaining, but now I'm convinced that T2 was "an anomaly that went strangely great".  PLOT Ok, this is a summer action packed movie, if you are looking for that, you will get it. Explosions, killer robots, lots of action, etc. As long as I remember T3, this is a very different story. On this movie, the world is at war against the machines (kind of the war described in the Matrix trilogy, so if you ever imagined a prequel to Matrix, this could have been the script).  As any other sci-fi movie that needs to show that humans are losing the war, is set in desert locations. This adds certain texture to images and overall aspect of the film. Just to give you an idea of the looks of this movie, the first thing that comes to my mind is Mad Max, the latest is Resident Evil
 Excellent movie.  Not easy to pull off the machines warfare and they did it very well.  I liked the new guy, well cast, and that Asian chick was hot.  Bale needs to remove that nasty wart on his nose.  That also should be the last Terminator.  It ended perfect.  Move along Hollywood!
 The Terminator story line is getting a little long in the tooth.  But, if you bought in from the beginning you have to see this latest edition.  It could be done so much better, but at least we see the story progress...or regress as the case may be.  Any "Terminator fan has to see this one as well.
 I went to see this movie and actually liked it. I think it would have been a little better if they could have had Arnold in it someway beside the little computer generated version of him for a couple of seconds. As far as how McG is releasing this on DVD, I am not happy. Where is the 2 disc special edition for DVD? I don't have a Blu-Ray player, and I don't plan on buying one anytime soon, but I like to get the special editions of movies on the DVD. Every other big movie this year has a 2 disc special edition on DVD, but not Terminator, WHY? I was really looking forward to the extend version that McG had talked about, and in the beginning he did say he was making a special edition for DVD, but not when release time actually came around. I guess I will have to deal with regular movie.
 As a James Cameron, Terminator and Christian Bale fan, I am disappointed with McG's mediocre treatment of Terminator Salvation. While the action sequences are solid and well-delivered, they do not make up for paper-thin character development and flawed story flow. The problem is that, with the exception of Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), we simply don't care about any of the characters or the fate of the Resistance. McG hasn't given us much to invest in emotionally and they're little more than minigun fodder. Not having much to work with, the normally excellent Bale is wasted here. This is the shallowest John Connor by far in the series, never being more than a gun-toting, one-dimensional "blunt instrument of military force, to quote M from <a href="http
 just wanted to let everyone know that target is selling the directors cut on dvd. i think it's the only place you can get it.
 see it finished a few minutes ago, the action secuences are just great, the argument that connects this with the other three films is superb, the sarah connor picture, the records, Kyle Reese, and of course Arnold, Sam Worthington in deed is worth to watch as the human hybrid-terminator(he rocks here much more than Avatar) , however, hardly a heart transplant can take place in a tent, further that the surgery is performed by a veterinary!!!....mmmm talking nonsense... i give it 4 or 5 stars, nevertheless is a very good movie!
 Gads! All the whining!  "Terminator
 I stopped reading the reviews after a while as I was getting tennis neck.  I remember the same reactions to T3 - the purists hated it and the non-fans didn't get it.  This is a popcorn movie.  Check your brain at the door.  It doesn't make good use of the Terminator franchise for sure but complaining about what could have been is pointless.  If you are a sci-fi or T fan this is a worthy bookend just for the visuals.  If you are not very familiar with the T franchise this movie tries to stand on its own with a little narration.  Ironically this movie doesn't actually advance the Terminator mythology at all since it tries too much to stand by itself.  In all cases I think there is something for everyone as long as you remember
 Not saying anything egative about the film itself, however it makes me mad when the public is duped into thinking that the "theatrical version of the movie is the only cut of the movie that will be released on dvd and if you want the rest of the extras you have to buy it on blu ray. That is false advertising in my humble opinion.
 They have the exclusive right to sell the 2 disc Director's Cut.  Go over to Target and buy it while you can.
 This review has spoilers and assumes most people reading it have seen the movie (it's been out for quite a while), so if that's not you, you should probably skip this!  I approached this movie from the position that Terminator 2 is one of the best movies ever made. So its sequels have a lot to live up to. I did enjoy the third movie, but Terminator Salvation is relievedly grittier, with more action and lots of scary robots. It's the year 2018, and John Connor is 34 and a lieutenant in the Resistance; his father, Kyle Reese, is a teenager somewhere in the wastelands of L.A.; and a man named Marcus Wright appears, having last been seen receiving a lethal injection in 2003. And yes. The external USB drive lives on.  In the first half of the movie I was reminded so much of The Road Warrior (or Mad Max 2) because that movie was so brilliantly, awfully dystopian, just the vast, unforgiving outback splattered with blood, populated by seriously, ridiculously insane people. Marcus Wright, Kyle Reese, and the silent child (who looks very oddly like a young Janet Jackson) are up against the same bleak landscape, only dealing with machines with a singular agenda.  I was also reminded of Robocop, when Marcus realizes he did not die but was instead merged with cybernetics and metal; and even Transformers, because of the height and bulk of some of the Skynet machines.  The action sequences themselves are excellent, and you have to love the POV we're presented with when Connor's helicopter goes down near the beginning of the movie. The machines have always looked frightening, with their red eyes and body-builder necks, and I have to say they got my heart going in several scenes. There are fond homages, as is requisite with sequels, it seems
 I thought Christian Bale and Bryce Dallas Howard had zero chemistry, though.  I felt no intimacy between the two of them.  His radio addresses seemed overly repetitive and empty.  I also thought it was odd how much fully functioning base infrastructure and military hardware still existed after J-Day.  I can suspend disbelief surrounding Connor having to rise up through the ranks to some degree.  And I thought the production values and action were excellent.  The opening sequence is breathtaking.  CGI Arnold worked.  I still think the Sarah Connor Chronicles was vastly deeper and more thoughtful.  Fans who'd like to see more of TSCCs should know there's an effort underway to get direct-to-bluray or feature films done, possibly even the series brought back after Dollhouse and several other shows have been canceled and Glee is waning into cameo ridiculousness, but you will have to be vocal about it.  So post on the net.  Send letters.  Spread the word.  Don't just rely on a few of the actors and production people to push it through, as it's likely to never happen otherwise.
 I am not in a Reviewer's state of mind this morning - I misplaced that particular hat. I'll just keep it short. The special effects exceeded what I expected and loved one particular twist in the film. A lot of gaps were filled. Like the new Star Trek movie taking a different direction due to so many time line changes - you have to keep that in mind as you watch this movie. Future events thrown off track here and there yet with the main dynamics still soundly in place. Its worth purchasing or renting.  See, I told you I misplaced my reviewer's hat. Its really too early in the morning and not enough brain juice (coffee) to get my creative thinking processes going.  OH! And for the record - Christian Bale doesn't wear his cape this time. Darn! 
 The story that are we were waiting for to continue one of the most interesting series of contemporary cinema
 Better than Rise of the Machines but lacking any impact From lead actors . A movie by the numbers relying on CGI and explosions like Star Wars 1 2 & 3.
 It was a great action film! The plot, actors, character development and directing were all fantastic. It's on the edge of your seat dram and I really enjoyed almost every aspect of it. There were only two things I would have done differently. Fist, there was no humor AT ALL in this film witch was unlike the other T movies and I think it really needed it to cut the tension a bit and that is something I liked about the other T movies, especially T2. The second problem I had was with the end. There was a heart transplant that seemed to come out of nowhere and was so dumb and unrealistic. It also took away one of the main characters that I would have liked to see in the next film. I liked Christian Bail as John but I think Sam Worthington would have made a better John (he played the role of Marcus). The two should have swapped roles.
 John Connor Blah - Marcus Wright AWESOME  Didn't like the John Connor character at all.  Nothing special.  But Marcus Wright - the machine/man - he was incredible.  He was the real star of the film.  Like seriously he was.  It felt like it couldn't possibly be any other way than that he was the star.  And he was incredible - just a truly wonderful character.  The movie was ok, but the character of Marcus Wright was one of the best characters ever.  I also like Moon Bloodgood and her character, though they weren't nearly as good as Marcus Wright.
 Our only Salvation is Christ.. however if we were all blown to Hell then John Conner may have to do something.. good action sequence and continuous action... at times maybe more than I would have liked but ... hey if its action you want then this movie delivers..
 I was a bit leery about this entry in The Terminator franchise, but I found this film to both entertaining, but also better than the last installment. I can understand why they wanted to make this film as when the first two were made they either didn't have the money or the FX just weren't up to speed for such a futuristic story. Bale is sort of waste here as this is a sci-fi action film and he really doesn't get to show his chops. That's not to say I don't appreciate an excellent actor to help make the film more convincing. Terminator Salvation is not the best in the series nor the worst, but if you're in the mood for so good sci-fi fun then this might do the trick. I know it did for me!
 I thought this film was a step up from T3's Terminatrix nonsense, but it still went downhill in the final 30 minutes as far as plot points go (thus getting four stars). The entire film relies on the predictions of the nature of time travel. Several very bad military errors were made, even some by Connor himself, that made me want to choke those who wrote the script. This just takes away from any enjoyment of or engrossment in the action and possible emotions of the film. Cameron's vision is ultimately lost where characters have not been developed to their full potential.  As a woman, I see a failed role model in Blair Williams, who, far from what it appears they were going for, is more of a slut than a girl looking for comfort. I'm sure the boobery helped to sell the movie, however.  The corroborating plot points with T2 are extremely overt and annoying. They were not well-thought out, but thrown in to give a sense of continuity.  The parts of Kyle Reese, Sam Worthington, and John Connor are played by excellent actors, and it is their performance that carries this movie along. If not for the bad writing, this film could have been absolutely amazing. For those excellent actors, I still retain that 4 star rating.  Even so, the recordings Linda Hamilton made were obviously rushed and I don't blame her. She was too good for this film.  That said, this film should have been the real T3. I consider it so in my collection. It deserves a place because the predicted War Against the Machines has come. It had to come, and it had to be told, to give any weight to the prophecies of the first two films. Or.. maybe the mystery was better.  As for allegations to the Director's cut not being worth it
 I was never a big fan of the Termintor franchise after the first film. I thought T2 had great special effects (and a knockout performance by Linda Hamilton) and T3 was an amusing send-up but they both lacked the freshness of the original. Thankfully Terminator Salvation takes the series in a completely different direction while still keeping in theme with the first movie.  What really makes T4 a thrill for me is that the actors make the most of their somewhat typical screenplay. Christian Bale is good as usual but Sam Worthington, Moon Bloodgood and Anton Yelchin rise above their flatter dialogue and give us characters you want to root for.  The special effects in this film are also great, but unfortunatly loose alot of their impact on DVD. The transfer tears a bit and like most things on the small screen it's easier to pickout where the green-screen begins and the real actors end (some of the cooler stunts look laughable on DVD).  So like I said, if you liked the movie Terminator Salvation is still a must buy. It you are bothered by an unperfect copy then best to test out the Blu-Ray.
 I won't convolute this review for Terminator Salvation with my opinions about the other films in the series, the Terminator mythology, or what have you; I'll simply say that - even as a stand alone film - Terminator Salvation...  is very good.  Sure, it's driven, to a degree, by special effects and action with choice little bits tossed to long-time fans, but I found it to be an entertaining, well-made film.  And the story is good also.  Foretold leader of the resistance against the machines John Connor (Christian Bale) is NOT the main character; though his role is not insignificant (or poorly acted, in my opinion).  The film focuses more on the newly-introduced character Marcus Wright (as portrayed by Sam Worthington); whose part in the film serves as an interesting standard for comparison against the John Connor that survived Judgement Day and has seen war.  I'd say Terminator Salvation is not about metallic, single-minded killing machines, great action, or obligatory explosions; though it certainly is not lacking in these things.  It's ultimately a story about moral responsibility, strength of character, and - humanity.  These subjects play out from the perspective of Marcus as well as Connor, and neither character comes off as one-dimensional.  Really I'm making more of an attempt to avoid spoiling the film than I am to exaggerate its themes; it is, boiled down to basics, a solid action film fueled by great special effects.  The "Terminator is still a unique and frightening "movie monster, and John Connor is a brave man struggling against seemingly impossible odds.  Add to the mix Marcus Wright, a man with a shameful past and an unexpected second chance, and you have a worthwhile film with characters in which you want to believe and follow throughout the course of the storyline.  Yes, I've been fairly vague, but I encourage anyone that has so much as even considered seeing the film to give it a chance.  And anyone who just plain appreciates well-done action, movie magic, or creepy human-exterminating robots from the future (I know I do) shouldn't pass up Terminator Salvation either.  Now that I've done my best to make a case for this movie, I'll address something else
 I loved this movie when I saw it in the theatre and I loved it again when I got my copy on blu-ray, the action sequence, the special effects, the script, well, I was entertained, call me crazy for all those people who gave this a movie a bad review, the audio and video on blu-ray, I give it 4 out of 5 stars, Sam Worthington, I think that man has a bright future in Hollywood, loved his performance. For the people who will decide to add this movie to their movie library like I did, I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did, I will see it a few more times for sure.
 I really enjoyed this movie, as a Terminator fan I was wating long for the aftermath of the judgement day event..  The movie doesn't actually follows the same timeline as the original date, there's no laser guns and no T-800 walking around in packs.  Nice performance from Chistian Bale and Sam Worthington, great fx and sound.  The director's cut edition really leaves you kind of dissapointed as there's no valuable new material...
 This movie is good. People are complaining it wasn't R rated and Schwarzenegger wasn't in it and so on. I thought it paid more respect to the franchise than the silly part 3. This was well acted and did a good job of showing the results of the needless part 3. The first two terminator movies are the classics in the series and honestly it should've ended after 2. But you know Hollywood. Nevertheless I enjoyed this film and nostalgia won't cloud my view on that. I heard Arnold hated this but liked part 3. Ah no. Much love but 3 was a joke in my opinion. One thing I wish is that Chris Nolan helped do the marketing with this because
 Im a big fan of the Terminator Franchise and so i bought this movie to go along with my collection.When the movie arrived the case was scratchy witch wasent exactly what i was looking for but long as the disk was ok i was ok over all good movie.
 Visually and action wise, okay. This is an obligatory part of the series - the problem is that it showed in the directing and script. I think one key part of the plot revealed itself a little soon and tensions could have run a lot higher throughout. The original is still the best. This kind of movie really demands to be taken seriously, although that is probably a little difficult after they botched the sequel to the first installment with that goofy stoned kid, lazy directing, and half baked cheesy lines. It's a shame since the story is a postulation of things soon to come. (If you scoffed at that last comment, look up the word postulate). It really should have been treated with more reverence. Getting around in this wreckage of a fantasy world is too easy. They could have shown off more of the Jeep's capabilities and the effort needed to make it through some areas. It lacked a journey and was more just snapshots of events. Still decent though if you've at least seen the first one.
 The movie was interesting.  I wish they would have gone into more detail with the lives of both the parents and the children.  Instead they just move from little clip to little clip weaving back and forth between all of the trans families which made it a little difficult to follow.
 The premise of this movie is what captivated me.  The Pope on the loose.  How would or could he cope?  There are too many flaws to rate this too highly (most would think I already have, but I never tire of seeing this movie, especially with someone who hasn't seen it.  Haven't shown it to anyone who didn't like it.  Give it a view.  And by the way, I'm not the only one who'd buy the DVD immediately.
 This is by no means a technically great movie, but I had seen it before and bought it anyway.  It's a sweet story, and Tom Conti does a nice job as a young and compassionate pope, fed up with the bureaucracy of his job, who accidentally gets locked out of the Vatican (in worker's clothes) with no money.
 Tom Conti makes this wonderful story of a young Pope who accidentally gets locked out of the Vatican, and makes use of the situation to mingle among his flock - a small Italian town, where he makes a significant difference.   Heart-warming story.  But, more importantly portrays the human-ness and 'like the rest of us' nature of the Pope.
 This film follows a meandering path of a few dudes attempting to get "stoked while riding waves on various continents. It combines surfing, humor, nature, beauty, and cool. You might even get stoked while watching it & take a trip down the beach. The film rarely takes itself seriously and instead, gives a light side of surfing entertainment. It's my favorite surf film (I have about a dozen).  Rent or buy this film for the content, not the quality. If the quality was there it would rate as 5+ stars.  Please note; don't waste your time or money on another film called "The Endless Summer Revisited". It's a discredit to have "Revisited associated with this film.
 Endless Summer II joins its predecessor in the "Classic Surf movie genre. It's not quite as good as the original or I'd have given it 5 stars.
 This is a good movie.  I first watched it on HBO about five years ago.  It made me want to surf.  If you don't surf, you'll want to learn how after watching this.  I was disheartened to find out that a lot of the experiences in the movie were scripted... I don't want to ruin the movie for anyone so I'll stop there.
 This is THE classic alien abduction movie. I remember while in High School a friend who actually believes in flying saucers dragged us all to see this in the theater. I was scared out of my pants the first half of the movie as Walken freaks out and keeps seeing aliens peeking around his bedroom door. Then latter we get to actually see the aliens, (rubber muppets on strings) and we get THE famous "anal probe scene that was spoofed in the pilot of South Park. Anyone who loves a good horror flick, alien abductions, or creepy preformances by Christopher Walken....This movie has all three. A highly recommended 80's B movie.
 ...watching Walken & Crouse is worth the price of the disc alone  honorable mention to the kid and the 'lil blu guys  "....you know how these things go...but all I can say is that Im glad this is not my bedroom.... so anyway, try to have a good night....OK?  Interestingly I have a 2004 105 min version PAL from Germany [Die Besucher]-is cut differently and because of PAL 5% speedup that would mean the film would be about 110 min in NTSC land
 Nothing to do 100 cartwheels over, but a reasonably enjoyable film.  Lindsay Crouse plays such strong-willed career women, and it was interesting to see her as an everyday housewife.
 As most film adaptations of great novels go, this could have been better. There were a few pieces missing that I felt were very important in the book. This movie was more about the effect on the family and just what happened to Whitely.  I will say though that Christopher Walken was a great choice. His reactions to the "visitors are just classic.
 Somehow, this is much more entertaining than it should be. It's one of those films that's dumb but totally watchable. One thing that none of the other reviews has mentioned is the decent score by Elmer Bernstein which adds a lot to the film. The main theme is suitably rousing, a la The Magnificent Seven, but he also has some whistful pipe/flute cues that complement the thematic elements of being on a strange outlying world where civilization has broken down, adding a tinge of sadness to the proceedings. As McNab, Ironside is great as always, and there's just enough invention to offset the obvious genre influences, which, as other people have noted, are actually more on the Mad Max than the Star Wars side of things.
 Where do I begin here?  Molly Ringwald plays an urchin of a girl on a planet that is run by an overlord using young women as sex objects even though he himself is part machine.  Sound strange?  Well, it is. Oddly enough, the film is very watchable too largely due to the actors.  Peter Strauss is very handsome here and has a slight Han Solo act going.  He meets up with Molly Ringwald and their relationship is hard to decipher at times.  It seems they always end up sleeping together in silver quilted sleeping bags, her arm draped across him even though he could be her father. Is their relationship romantic or platonic?  Hard to tell here. The special effects are very well done and the scenery beautiful!  There is just enough action and just high enough production and just strange enough situations to keep one interested even though there isn't anything too, too deep here. People searching for a new Star Wars will be disapointed but those who want something sort of offbeat in space will probably like this.
 Originally released as an 80's "3-D film which is why the opening title is so hard to read on conventional TV with all the whizzy meteors flying out, Spacehunter is nonetheless a well made film that does "take you out of your living room".  For me, the vehicle designs and the rocky Utah scenary are the best aspects of the film. The production design is brilliant and the acting convincing. The buggies are fantastic!  Well worth buying but perhaps more for diehard sci-fi fans. The film is not really suitable for younger viewers even though its marketed at a "Star Wars audience and has much of that film's character and hardware style.  Michael Ironside plays a great villian, a pity we don't get a little more of his charcater's background and how he evolved into a villian.
 This is a good old fashioned adventure, with some comedy and good natured suspense. We remember it from when it was released, but my 8 year old grandaughter loved it - she watched it twice! We are a little disappointed in the quality of the DVD; it does seem quite grainy and not much better picture that the VHS.
 Released in 1983 it is indeed in the same arena as Mad Max2, Beyond Thunderdome, Judge Dredd, and Waterworld. All of these entail surviving in destroyed worlds where death, greed, power, and violent domination are the norm.  It is a "B grade movie, no doubt. That is reflected in its choices for casting, loose connections between some scenes, and healthy dose of "hokiness". But being a "B grade movie doesn't make it bad. Actually, I find it an easy movie to sit back and enjoy. The scenery and sets do a lot for this movie. The apocalyptic flavor will entice any who are into this type of sci-fi. The sets and props, albiet low budget, were visually well crafted and did a lot to make this film. The actors aren't box office giants, although Molly later goes on to do well there. Even so, they have what this film really needed to pull off the reality of the characters, that is they were not so full of themselves to feel this movie was beneath them. They were their characters and played them true. Well..., maybe not the three actresses who were stranded and kidnapped in the beginning.  There are many "B grade movies that have strong followings despite the label "B". I am not sure if this film has any sort of cult following, but it wouldn't surprise me. For me it is a nice movie to get immersed in for a couple of hours with friends or family and not worry about foul language, soft or hard porn, or explicit violence depicted with copius blood and gore. My wife and I saw it at the drive-in in 1983 and I later shared it with our children on VHS. I was pleased to find it on DVD, especially since it has long disappeared from most movie rental shelves.  I never share an opinion about movies but as a former FXer from the early 90's, I felt justified having worked for Doug Trumbull and Andy Vanja, and with Joel Hynek, John Gaeta, Kelly Kerby, Diana Walczak, Frank Gallego and many more good people.
 So much cheese and corn you get cheesy popcorn! This movie is a classic though, it makes you laugh the whole way through. What were they thinking when they made this? "It will be the next blocbuster movie since star wars!"Funny stuff worth owning it!
 I'm not going to bore you with a lot of talk about actors or anything of that nature, because I would probably fail at it.  What I will say is, among B-movies, this one is a winner.  You have cool characters for the most part, cool vehicles being used.. plenty of battles scenes (although the effects are a bit weak sometimes). Decent acting from the characters.  And one scene in particular stands out, as just being comical/natural. Our lead man, gets tired of our stinky companion and shoves her into a large mud hole and scrubs her. I cracked up.  Over all its a really good movie.
 Ah... the joys of pulp-science fiction. To experience the kind of stories more often found in old comic books come on the big screen can be confusing to some, but not this comic book fan. Spacehunter, along with movies like Star Wars and Flash Gordon, uses a tried and true model reminiscent of the classic Saturday morning serials. In spite of it's B-rated budget and content Spacehunter still comes out a winner.  You can see the main influences come from the post apocalyptic genre of movies like The Road Warrior, but the space opera genre is still strong with dastardly villians, brave heroes, damsels in distress, and all that. Add a sprinkle of adventure and you pretty much get the recipe of Spacehunter.  In a single word, Spacehunter is fun. The content is light and not thought provoking, but at the same time not overly simplified. You will catch some lame terminologies like 'mega space credits' and some of the spaceships look like they were made from styrofoam, but at least those shortcomings are few. Special effects work well enough and compliment the story instead of detracting from it. The props and technology range from "what? to "cool". Gun props aren't overdone with odd accessories and the attachments they do use work well with the pace of the movie. I particularly enjoyed that mini missile launcher. Vehicles are kinda neat, and most of them are smart designs. Gotta love Wolfe's Scrambler.  The acting from the main characters is what sets this B-movie apart from most. Every one of them gave subtle and believable performances that were a very pleasant difference from most B-list science fictions. Molly Ringwald does a great job in her big screen debut as the lovable yet bratty Nikki. Peter Strauss does the standard Saturday matinee hero with style, and the hero/sidekick chemistry between Strauss and Ringwald was a treat to behold. Like I said, pretty much the entire main cast of characters made the movie as good as it is.  The DVD itself pretty much gives you the movie and that's about it. No special features or dynamic dolby audio. Just the movie and some scene selections. So keep that in mind when deciding to drop some coin on owning a copy.  I recommend Spacehunter for anybody who wants a good popcorn sci-fi flick that's not too violent or vulgar, but still wrought with low budget entertainment. Keep in mind it was made as a 3-D movie so some takes were made to fly off the screen, but of course won't. This movie is not meant to be taken seriously. If you're the type of person who can love a movie that's light on serious sci-fi content but chunky on the fun give Spacehunter a shot.
 ok,so this isn't the best sci-fi movie ever but it really is fun,if you can get into it. this adventure looks like a cross between "road warrior and "alien as it tells the story of a bounty hunter wolfe(peter strauss,tring hard but just not han solo) landing on a planet ravaged by plage to rescue three ladies who crashed there and are being held hostage by the strangest villian ever overdog(michael ironside(looking like a borg and being a grade a ham)! young molly ringwald is on hand as is ernie hudson to help strauss get the girls back.slow in places and some really strange encounters with the planets other citizens make it a mixed bag,but as i said if you can get into the spirit of fun you may find that you like this one also! give it a try!
 The movie is kind of fun. Not bad for a 'B' movie and not as bad as 'Men In Black' This one I would at least watch again without trying to chew my arm off. (yep you guessed it , I cant say the same for 'MIB')
 This is agreat sci-fi movie, anyone who likes the movies more into the "Mad Max scenerio will love this.  Given the year it was made the special effects are not bad, the plot is simple, lots of action, heroics and almost cheesy hero music.  You can't expect a sci-fi flick to be a masterpiece of cinema world, its for entertaiment.  You have 3 maidents with huge 80's hair do's who need rescuing.  We have a lone star hero is in debt and will rescue the maidents for the reward.  Some interfernace from the maniacal evil scientist turned life sucking cyborg.  AND the cuttest chick Molly Ringwald!  Her character actually develops through the movie from an screaming brat to something more serious ( could show more skin though).  This movie has the perfect post apocaliptic feel, with kinda William Gibson theme.  You have trains with viking sails, lasers, steam powered plows, spaceships that burry underground, mutants, zombie like creatures, cyborgs, amazons and lots of action.  The movie kept me plastered to the screen for the whole movie and I will watch it again and again.  A definate must see/have for anyone who likes science fiction movies.
 this movie is a surprisingly delightful comedy.  any movie that makes you laugh is great
 Julia Roberts stars as the Commitment Phobic who finds that her best friend (Dermott Mulroney) is getting married. They had a pact that if neither of them had a partner they would marry each other. Julia is shocked to hear he is getting married and she is to be the "Best Man"! She tries all means of underhandedness (if there is such a word) to derail the relationship. Cameron Diaz is the completely unsuitable (according to Julia) bride to be. She is everything Julia is not, ready to give up her career and all she loves for her man. The addition of the gay other best friend(Rupert Everett) and sluttish members of the brides family make for great comedy. A light hearted easy to watch movie.
 Jules Potter is in love with her bdest friend Micheal, but he is about to marry someone else.  Jules will do anything to mess up his big day.  This movie is loads of fun and laughs.  When they break out into song in one scene, you can't help but sing along.  I love this movie and watch it often.  It's one of my favorites with Roberts next to Pretty Woman.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I related to Juliann most of the way. In fact, I guessed most of what she did, some she didn't. It was an eye opener. Sometimes we don't realize what we have in our backyard until it's too late. Very funny, fast paced, not to mention, some very good looking people. The  singing  table scene was a bit far fetched, however, very humourous indeed. Be careful with who you watch this with. When I watched it with an  ex boyfriend, he was surprised I had such a devious mind. Sit back, relax and enjoy some great laughs. Oh, some might want to have a kleenex close by, just in case.
 The only thing I really didn't like about this movie (and it's only a trivial detail) was the opening credits with this girl group in bridal outfits singing that old 50's song (which I can't recall the name of right  now).  Maybe it's just me, but I found it annoying.  Others may find it  amusing.  Anyway, the movie itself is great.  Julia Roberts finds out her  best friend is getting married, but wants to break it up.  That's the basic  premise.  The laughs come fast and furious when she takes off to break up  the marriage.  She ends up becoming friends with the bride (Cameron Diaz)  and turning everyone's life upside down.  It's a great Julia Roberts movie.  But, let's not forget Rupert Holmes who did such a wonderful job as  Roberts' gay friend, who comes to save the day with a flamboyant charm  (including a hilarious group sing-along of Dionne Warwick's  I Say A  Little Prayer For You ).  And, don't miss the scene where a member of  the wedding party gets her tongue stuck to an ice sculpture of Nude David  (guess where).  The only flaw I can see in the film (and it's a big one) is  the character of Michael, the friend getting married. (For the life of me,  I can't remember the actor's name.) His whole character, and perhaps it's  in the talent of the actor, is weak, uninteresting, and lacking any depth  at all, not to mention that distracting scar on his face.  His lack of  depth might go unnoticed except that he's one of the main characters.  Fortunately, Roberts and Holmes pick up the slack and make it a wonderfully  funny film.
 If you have ever fallen in love this movie is for you.  It shows the ups and downs of what can happen if you get in the way of a wedding.  It shows how horrible we can get when we have our mind on one thing and try to kill  everything in our path.  It is a really good movie.  Julia Roberts is  really good.  The music they pick for it was good it went with what was  going on.  Every piece of film was needed in order to tell the story.  It  will make you think about who to make your best friend.
 First off, Julia Roberts to me is an actress who has become more beautiful with age even to this day. Having said that, I was anxious to see this movie because of her and Cameron Diaz. I have seen My Best Friend's Wedding three times and I must admit that I have viewed it differently each time I've seen it. What I mean by this is that I have never really been able to decide which woman the groom should end up with; his bride-to-be or his best friend. Granted, Julia does every rotten thing she can in this film to break up her best friend's wedding so from that viewpoint I favored him ending up with Cameron. On the other hand as one reviewer put it, Julia and her best friend had more chemistry than the groom and his bride-to-be so from that viewpoint I also favored him ending up with Julia. During the film, there are times when I rooted for Julia to get her man despite her despicable efforts to win him over yet other times I wanted Cameron to end up with the groom. This movie still entertains me even after knowing the outcome. Aside from the simple plot of breaking up the wedding, this film has good humor, good acting, a decent soundtrack, and is overall a believable chick flick for the most part. Even guys like myself should find it to be entertaining as I am normally picky when it comes to chick flicks. The special edition dvd is worth picking up if you haven't seen the features. One of the featurettes shows the original alternative ending which is much different from how the film originally ended. Which of the two endings are better? Only the viewer can decide. As for me, I'm not telling. Anyway, the bonus features are overall good and plentiful. The only problem is that the camera focus on one of the featurettes is somewhat off and distorts the picture a bit. Nothing too serious but very noticable. I suppose a sequel to this movie would have been interesting but then who knows how well it would turn out?
 I love this movie. I am a helpless romantic and this movie is funny and just that, a romatic comedy. I watch it over and over.Julia  and Cameron fit together!!!!!
 Julia Roberts may not have been able to steal the heart of the groom, but she sure did steal the audiences' hearts. This romantic comedy is funny and touching. Not just Roberts, but the entire cast is surely working at their  best during this film. I love this movie, and I never get tired of watching  it over and over. If you are a fan of movies like Runaway Bride, Ghost,  etc., then make sure that you at least rent this movie for yourself.
 Alternative Review Title
 I enjoy Julia Roberts films - such as <a href="http
 Sharp-witted and genuinely engaging, `My Best Friend's Wedding' is a surefire hit for anyone interested in a crowd pleasing romantic comedy.  It has a few missteps, that's a give in, but the charming performances and blissful ending (not one you might expect) make up for the few errors in judgment.  The film tells the story of Julianne Potter, a successful woman approaching thirty who is afraid of falling in love.  Truth be told, she is in love, with Michael O'Neal, her best friend of over nine years.  The two had once been together but quickly fell apart only to realize that they were too close to be lovers.  When Michael calls to inform Julianne he is engaged she is suddenly thrown into panic mode as she realizes that she needs to be with Michael.  She flies off for the wedding with one plan in mind; to break up the happy couple.  She never expected Kim, Michael's fianc&eacute;e, to be as sweet and perfect as she was, but her perfection was only more fuel to the fire.  Julianne does everything in her power to ruin the relationship between Michael and Kim, but everything she does only seems to bring them closer together.  Her closest friend George comes to her aid, but even his help makes little impact.  It isn't until Julianne goes too far that she realizes if she truly loves this man, she just may need to let him go.  The performances are all top notch, especially from Roberts, Diaz and Everett.  Julia is always a delight, and her catty humor here is brilliantly sarcastic and genuine to say the least.  The one fault I found with this film (aside from the corny opening sequences) is that the character of Julianne is almost so evil you forget that you are supposed to like her.  Julia does her best to make this character relatable and likable, but the script doesn't help her out too much and we wind up hating her in parts.  Sure, she turns around in the end and earns our love, but getting there can be rough.  Diaz and Everett have our unwavering love and devotion throughout the entire film though, each of them delivering spunky, funny and honest performances.  Diaz is a comedic gem who devours her `ditzy girl' character with warmth and Everett takes his `sidekick' character to another level with scene stealing wit and comedic timing (the whole `singing in the restaurant' and the last dance scene are prime examples of his brilliance).  I'm really not a fan of Mulroney.  He's serviceable, but that's about it.  He was really the other misstep.  I just didn't find him interesting enough to be the object of these two women's affections.  Both women, in their own ways, are real catches.  Julianne is confident and successful and devoted, and Kim is beautiful and spontaneous and vibrant.  Michael was kind of a dud.  It's a good thing the film is less interested in him and more interested in the other characters.  I will say, I really enjoyed this movie.  Sure, I hated Julianne in parts, but maybe that was the point (I don't think it was, but the minor misstep is forgivable in the end).  The script is really funny, and that makes up for a lot ("I could be jello").  I recommend this movie to any fan of the genre or the star, for Roberts is at the top of her game.
 I never saw the this when it was released years ago basically b/c it seemed like a chick flick that wouldn't interest me.  It was on television recently and I caught the latter half of it (I now ordered the DVD b/c I want to see it all).  Normally I wouldn't write a review until seeing the whole movie but I was truly blown away by some of the scenes, the clever writing and some of the performances.  There's a scene on a boat with Julia Roberts that was right out of a Hollywood romance classic.  I don't want to spoil it nor build it up too much... but just after watching the scene I was like... wow, that was ...beautiful.  IMHO it was an example of movie making at it's best.  So then I was hooked -and kept watching to find it's a great flick that I should have allowed myself to see years ago.  Julia Roberts is a modern day Katherine Hepburn in this movie, she acts so incredibly well... balancing subtle expressions and comical ones perfectly to each scene.  She's a gem.  The film isn't for everyone, but if you like clever romantic comedies "My Best Friends Wedding should not be missed.
 In my opinion, it isn't the character played by Dermot Mulroney who is the best friend of Julia Roberts' character. It is Rupert Everett, her gay friend. It is Rupert who flys out to support her in her travail over  Mulroney's upcoming marriage, giving her his time, his care and his  affection. What an amazing person! I love Julia Roberts and go to any movie  she makes, but the character she plays in this movie is immature and not  very sympathetic. However, it is the very immaturity of her character that  leads to all the conflict, so I can't complain too much! Overall, the movie  has some extremely funny moments.
 Julia Roberts is the meddling woman who had her chance with the hero and wasted it, and now that he is about to be married, tries to snatch him from his wife-to-be. The meddling is both pathetic and reprehensible, and I am glad that the meddler ends up doing the right thing and the story ends as it should. Not heart-warming but enjoyable, with fantastically good looking male and female leads.
 This movie is about love, a universal subject. Unfortunately, Julia's character tries to separate a happy couple and this is wrong. I recognize Cameron's character's fiance from Angels in the Outfield. He was Joseph Gordon-Levitt's father. He is so beautiful! I also love Rupert Everett. I've seen a few of his films, and I thought they were terrific. I love that Julia's character is Dermot's (I hope I spelt it well) character's best friend, but it isn't her place to try to divide him and his fiance. It's really all about that Abba song
 This is a fun movie and will hold the attention of most female viewers; my wife thoroughly enjoyed the movie and watched it to the very end.  Julia Roberts as Julianne Potter is a touching character who has a real problem making up her mind as to what kind of a friend she wants her best friend to be. Her best friend, Michael O'Neal, played by Dermot Mulroney just happens to be a guy she's known for many years. Things go along OK until he announces his intentions of getting married; that announcement triggers a strong reaction that serves as the basis for the movie.  Although the movie is a bit dated, it's still funny and engaging to watch. It may be good to watch it once just to see what you think about it before buying. On the other hand why not just roll the dice, pay your $7.36 and get a new copy of your very own? If you have any women in the household you should be on safe ground.
 If you're a fan of romantic comedies, this one should definitely make your list.  Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz are both charming.  There isn't much soppy romance, just a lot of amusing scenes, mostly featuring Roberts behaving somewhat outlandishly.  The movie doesn't drag on, and just generally fun.  Recommended.  Roberts flies to Chicago to try and stop an ex from marrying Cameron Diaz.  It's obviously a poor plan, but it's funny to watch.  If you don't like romantic comedies, obviously, skip it!
 Visually masterful underground cinema. The bleak, but beautiful setting of the frozen lake is warped by a minimalistic luciferian score. The pacing is hypnotic, at times slow, but meditative.  I enjoyed the plot, which was a tongue-in-cheek combination of fishing, family drama, and horror. It was a weird mix of exactly what you'd expect and complete ridiculousness. It could use some more tits and more gore, but maybe that will happen in part 2.  The acting is b-movie camp outside of Michael Rooker and Amy Chang. You've got to listen closely to grab some of the bizarre stuff the characters say with straight faces.  It seems that swimming below the traditional genre flourishes there is a subversive social message. I definitely didn't watch it for the relevant message, but instead enjoyed it for the eerie tension and creepiness.  This is my favorite McKenney film with Automatons trailing close behind it.
 Written in India roughly 2,000 years ago, the Mahabharata is one of the world's great religious texts. It also may be the most outlandish soap opera ever, replete with gods siring mortals, polygamy, compulsive gambling, unrequited love, and a family feud on an awesome scale.  At its heart, the epic poem of 100,000 verses tells the tale of two warring sets of royal cousins, the Pandavas and the Kauravas, who each seek to rule the kingdom. Around that rivalry is woven a wealth of philosophy, myth and history -- a virual encyclopedia of ancient Indian culture. Just one small part of the Mahabharata is the Bhagavad Gita, the book that Hare Krishnas used to try to sell in airports around the world; it is a long discussion between the wise god Krishna and the soul-searching archer Arjuna (a Pandava), as the latter reluctantly prepares to enter into battle with his cousins.  This six-hour adaptation of the Mahabharata has been crafted by two great film talents
 I rate this a 4 only because I haven't seen the DVD yet, but a friend once loaned me the VHS version. I think I watched it three times over the course of a couple months. In one case, I watched all 6 hours straight through (minus bathroom breaks of course). Another reviewer used the phrase  life changing , and I agree completely. I have continued to draw inspiration from this film for 5 years. With the DVD, maybe I can go for another 50. PS
 I have watched this in PBS several years ago and have watched it repeatedly. From one context this seems "juvenile and with a novice international cast. From another context it is a good short rendering of Mahabharata (mainly) for the western viewers who have not heard/read/wathced the epic hundreds of times in various ways (from grandmothers/grandfathers/Indian TV/Movies). I enjoyed watching this Peter Brook's version and the International cast and I some how liked the Duryodhana and Karna's character as they were more bubbly and the acting seemed more proficient. I just want to mention the typical Indian rendition of mythical stories in "Amar Chitra Katha cartoon books where essence of lot of Indian Mythical stories are published in much shorter versions and I used to read them in my childhood. I would like to compare Peter Brooke's version to Amar Chitra Khatha equivalent (roughly!). I would recommend this Video to any one who wants to get introduced to this epic in a "lite hearted manner.
 It's nice to see NBA Entertainment coming up with a DVD like this that focused on the unsung heroes of the NBA. Noteworthy are the little big men like Spud Webb and Mugsy Bogues, and other "6th man overachievers in the person of Mario Elie, John Starks and Darrel Armstrong. They are the TRUE UNDERDOGS. Would have loved to see Robert "Big Shot Bob Horry or Ben Wallace, an undersized and undrafted center that has become one of the NBA's fiercest defenders and perrenial all-star. Also included in the disc are the greatest upsets, namely Denver's demolition of 1st seed Shawn Kemp-led Seattle in the early 90s and New York's climb to the NBA finals depsite being an 8th seed and injury plagued. Must see for every sports fan.
 I expected the unexpected and got just that... NBA Video explores the greatest upsets and overachievers in NBA history.  From the legendary championship run of the 1977 Portland Trail Blazers to the heroic tales of  Scottie Pippen and Kevin Garnett, NBA Upsets &amp; Underdogs recounts the  NBA's most inspirational stories.  Even with the odds stacked against them,  these featured teams and players, including host Bill Walton, have managed  to steal the headlines with their epic performances.  I was truly  inspired...
 I am the mother of a six year old girl and she loves Barbie.  When this movie came out I was skeptical.  The movie is deffinitely aimed at an older audience than the previous Barbie movies.  I got it, and sat down with my daughter because I had a feeling it was not going to be what she expected.  Of course some questions came up as a result of the storyline, and I answered them in a way she could understand.  (why are they so skinny? was one of them, also why do they have boyfriends?)  The truth is that she ended up getting bored and walking off to play.  That being said, I enjoyed the movie as a mature adult.  It reminded me of the brat pack type 80s movies like Pretty in Pink and Sixteen Candles.  It was fun for me to watch.  I think that older girls will relate to this Barbie movie more than any of the other Barbie movies released so far.  The Barbie Diaries has a sweet story, not very original but deffinitely entertaining for an older audience.  The animation is not great but it does have a style all its own (very different from the Barbie princess movies).  The DVD has some extras but for the most part nothing that is very impressive.  There is one outstanding feature of this movie that must be pointed out and that is the soundtrack.  Even my daughter loved it.  In fact she asked to watch the Skye Sweetnam video over and over, "playing along with her guitar and pretending to be a rock star.  The sountrack is catchy and is really good if you like girl pop-rock music.  I would love to get these songs on a CD.  This is a soundtrack I would deffinitely buy.  It's a real shame that so far the soundtrack is not available for purchase.  All in all, I would say that for older girls this movie will probably be fun to own.  For grown-ups who enjoyed the high-school crush movies of the 1980s this movie will also be enjoyable.  If you are looking for something a little girl will like, you will probably be better off with one of the other Barbie movies, or you should wait for the next one this fall
 The movie is not your normal animation... but it's cute and does have a good moral story line.  Barbie has a band and my 5 year old daugther loves the open 'number'.  Good buy for anyone that likes Barbie.
 They love all the Barbie movies. This one is no exception. My older two like it more then the younger 3. They like the farie ones and princess ones better. I think the older 2 can relate more to this one. I love that they keep these movies so clean and there is always a lesson to be learned and the characters have good values.
 I got this for my 7 year old daughter. She thinks boys have cooties at this age. Especially her brothers.  I did take away one star for the "girl hug comment because I thought it probably went a little too far in a movie that is geared towards a younger crowd. It was okay, though, because it went WAY over her head.  However, hormones weren't the only message. What I liked was the message that the popular kids were only popular because they said nasty things about each other. I liked that Barbie learned that the hunky guy on the rebound wasn't the boy who made her feel the best deep down in her heart. I liked that Barbie wrote down her wishes and made them come true.  I got this movie yesterday afternoon. My daughter has already watched this movie three times. She dug through her stuff to find her charm bracelet and has been scribbling in a notebook all day long.
 I watched the whole series, not just this box set. I am including this as there is not much commentary in north america about this series.  This was a pretty good series. Only drawback is that animation is quite mediocre ie if used to ghost in the shell/mamoru oshi stuff, then it looks very cheap. Cheap in that there is not much contrast in color scheme & palette is bluish.  HOwever, if you liked MIDNIGHT RUN w/ De Niro which action sequences were very clever, not predictable & situations were funny. THen YOu would love this series.  Not as pretentious as NOIR. Very Fun.  Please note that amazon review that this show is very fan service is wrong. Only fan service really in opening credit & beginning episodes. NOT like Aika or Najica level.
 I thouroughly enjoyed this 2 disc feature. Robert Duvall just keeps getting better and better at this type of role he plays. I could still see glimpse's of old Gus McCrae in him. I particularly noted the diabolical scheme of infection ridden blankets being issued out to the American Indians. I'm glad this movie has brought the attention of the poor suffering Asian's to light also.
 If there are any actors today that can fit into chaffs and cowboy boots, they would be Clint Eastwood & Robert Duvall.  Duvall has stated in an interview that of all the roles he has played as a character actor, none fit him better than that of a cowboy.  This film is in a sense a continuation of his roles from "Lonesome Dove to "Open Range in which he plays a seasoned cowboy who has to fight the bitter elements, human and natural, in order to get the job done. Duvall is ably supported here by Thomas Haden Church who in a break from his comedic roles, is excellent as his long estranged nephew who joins him on the cattle drive.  With excellent direction from long time vet Walter Hill and some fine support from Greta Scacchi as a former prostitute with a yen for Duvall, and James Russo & Chris Mulkey as the villains--"Broken Trail is a trip you don't want to end despite its length (I saw a pre-screening of it before its showing on AMC with Hill in attendance and was impressed).
 Broken Trail
 I wonder how much more we would be impressed by "Broken Trail if it were not for "Lonesome Dove.  I was surprised to realize it had been 18 years since Robert Duvall played Gus McCrae, in what I think is still the finest acting portrayal of his distinguished career.  But we are talking about one of the great westerns of all time and an epic television mini-series, which I usually watch again each year.  So the parallels between "Lonesome Dove and this 2006 two-part television movie (I maintain you need at least three parts to be a true mini-series) became a big distracting because they keep intruding on what is happening here.  Obviously the fact that Duvall is in both stands out, but we also have a narrative defined by a trail drive, bad guys along the way, and a hooker with the heart of gold, along against the spectacular landscape of fading days of the Old West.  When I was thinking how much Greta Scacchi looked like Diane Lane,  Prentice Ritter (Duval), shows up to tell his estranged nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Hayden Church) that his mother has died and left everything to her brother instead of her son.  Prentice proposes taking several hundred horses from Oregon to Wyoming in the year 1897.  But on the trail they come across Captain Billy Fender (James Russo), a lowlife who is transporting five young Chinese girls to a brothel in a mining town.  Well, that is just wrong, and Captain Billy makes it easy for Ritter and Harte to kill him and take the girls with them on their journey.  Ritter gives the girls numbers rather than names, but they are Sun Fu (Gwendoline Yeo), Mai Ling (Caroline Chan), Ye Fung (Olivia Cheng), Gina Wa (Valerie Tian), and Ghee Moon (Jadyn Wong).  What started out as two men on the trail ends up as a party of ten as they pick up a fiddle player from Virginia named Heck Gilpin (Scott Cooper), a Chinese man who came to America to make his fortune (Lung Hay), and a prostitute named Nola (Sacchi).  Meanwhile, the brothel owner Big Rump Kate (Rusty Schwimmer), who has paid for the girls, sends Big Ears (Chris Mulkey), just released from prison, after the girls and the cowboys protecting them.  Duvall and Sacchi turn in the solid performances you would expect, and have a very nice scene together, but is Church who is most clearly carving out something new in terms of what we expect from him as an actor as he tries to be even more minimalist than Duvall.  I was having trouble with the idea of Church playing the Sandman in "Spider-Man 3 next summer, but after seeing what his character does to a man who likes to spoil little girls, that is no longer a concern.  The story and script by Alan Geoffrion might be echoing "Lonesome Dove too much, but I liked how the language barrier between the cowboys and the Chinese girls was not magically solved and how they overcame it.  Besides, there is something to be said for been privy to a side of the story that the characters who only speak English know nothing about.  Ultimately I rounded down on this one because in terms of setting up the final confrontation each side makes a fatal mistake.  I know the bad guys are not as smart as the good guys, but I do like to put a limit on their stupidity, and I thought Harte had exhibited enough of sense of frontier justice to overcome any mistakes Ritter might make along the way.  Still this is quite enjoyable and while it is painfully clear that "Lonesome Dove, "Dances With Wolves and "Unforgiven have failed to revive the Western genre, at least it is equally obvious that when one gets made these days it is probably pretty good.  Even if "Broken Trail is not quite on the same level as these others, it is certainly worth watching, but we knew that as soon as we saw that Duvall and Walter Hill were attached to the production.  Duvall considers "Broken Trail to complete a trilogy of sorts with "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range, which may be a way of saying that he now feels no further need to make westerns.  Although at Duvall's present age John Wayne was still going to make "Big Jake, "The Cowboys, and, of course, "The Shootist, but admittedly Wayne was making a different type of Western than Duvall.  Still, I would hate to think that Duvall has washed his hands of the genre.  Hill and Duvall had worked together on "Geronimo
 Please excuse my attempt to be clever in the review title... it's yet another lamenting of the inability to be able to use half-stars in the ratings, and of course a lame attempt at being punny...  Broken Trail started out as a 'made for TV' mini-series, but please don't let that scare you off from watching as the quality here is every bit as good as any major motion picture would be really.  The story is interesting, the acting is not bad and it does the Western genre respectfully enough.  On the other hand... well, the story is also sadly predictable and has basically been done before, somewhat with the same star (Robert Duvall), in an earlier movie (see Open Range, where he co-starred with Kevin Costner for a very similar role) and if not that directly there you could try Unforgiven (with Clint Eastwood) or perhaps pick from the collection of John Wayne films which populated the genre long before this film came to pass.  Personally I'd rank this effort at 3-1/2 stars, but I've rounded up rather than down to use 4 stars here.  The visuals are solid here though a bit soft in spots, the sound isn't bad, but the extras that might add value are pretty sparce here with only a "Making of featurette included.  My best recommendation is rent this one before making a purchase. It's a nice film but you'd need to be a fairly serious fan of the genre to want to own this disc.
 Great western, heartwarming, with strong story line and characters.It's hard to find a western, that's really good anymore. Thumbs up.
 Yup - it's Robert at his best.  If you like the actor - ya gotta like the movie.  A feel good - good vs evil typical western.  Personally - it's a much needed break from all of the outrageous - filthy talking - so called western sagas.  If you miss the good old days - & want to be transported back to a kinder era - you'll love this movie!
 Wonderful epic-flavored double-length western that does everything fine. Scriptwriters from Deadwood - you should be taking notes.
 I was introduced to this mini series via the Louis L'Amour discussion forum and buying via amazon let me get the story before it was even considered for distribution in Australasia.  The filming and locations for this story are magnificent and this is equalled by the quality of the cast and story line.  The use of subtitles and script in mandarin are no hinderance to the story.  Can highly recommend the purchase of this DVD
 Broken Trail is a well produced Duvall film, not avaiable in Australia. Was very pleased to obtain it via Amazon, your service is impeccable. Not so pleased to recieve the DVD's still in USA format, but got over this by burning them into a format suitable for Australian equipment. Suggest you may take this into account when processing future orders.
 I recently have been enjoying Westerns, and I ordered Broken Trail. Great performances from the whole cast, and lovely scenery too.  Robert DuVall and Thomas Hayden Church are terrific in this unique, compelling story--which is based on a true story.  It will keep your attention with a good storyline and lots of action and even a little romance.  I definately recommend this film.
 Beautiful story - great acting - gave one an insight into how the west really was - loved it - would recommend
 Excellent rendition of time on the trail drives.  Thomas Hayden Church shows more acting depth than previous roles have allowed.  Duvall, great old cowboy, as usual.
 You really can't go wrong watching Robert Duvall and this is no exception.  It has a good cast and is an enjoyable western.  If you're a lover of the Western genre then it's a good way to kick back for a few hours and go back a century.
 This is an amazing story of principles and dedication. The filmography was beautiful. The only thing that was off was it seemed to drag in places and there were those relatively long fade out and ins between scenes. I understand that this film was made to be a mini-series and when someone is watching it over several days or weeks (depending on the showing schedule) one needs these repetitive shots of a horse drive slowly making its way across the country side to set the scene for each series. No one ever went across the planes with several hundred horses and a wagon full of young girls very quickly. So this is a wonderfully crafted movie (asside from the long fade in and outs); it probably works better on TV over time than on my computer, viewing it at one sitting. One more little thing about the script. Why did it say there were 500 horses when they only used about 100 or so to do the film? It would have been OK to just say 200 and it would have been just as impressive. Still, it was a beautiful film!
 Remember, this is television, not the big screen. My point being that although this is not on the level with Lonesome Dove or Dances with Wolves, I wish there was more TV like this (Yes, I realize Lonesome Dove was a TV mini-series as well).  Like a few others have said, this is a good movie, but do not expect Lonesome Dove. I guess it is unfair because I couldn't watch this movie without Lonesome Dove in my mind the whole time. There are many scenes, characters and themes reminiscent of Lonesome Dove, including the pervading melancholy mood, and although the scenery is beautiful and the film quality is better, it just doesn't have the same impact.  There are some scenes, some long and boring scenes, that I assume were intended to give some depth and character to the movie, but they had me on the verge of hitting the DVD fast-forward button. Just too slow and boring. These are few, however, and in the end they are only a minor distraction.  I guess I'm biased, Robert Duvall is unquestionably one of the, if not THE, great actors of our time, and has played some fascinating characters, but to me he will always be Augustus McCrae. It is impossible for me to watch him in a western, including Open Range, and not think of ol' Gus and look for Woodrow Call to to ride up. Impossible.  This is a good movie. There is good old fashioned frontier justice, what's right is right, life on the trail, beautiful scenery and cinematography, nice acting, a good story, and Robert Duvall. Duvall, like the rest of us, isn't as spry and animated as he was 15+ years ago when Lonesome Dove was filmed, but without him this movie doesn't exist.
 I acted in this movie, so I am alittle biased, but it was not what I had thought, more drama, less action, but a good movie all the same
 Different kind of story but excellently made and good to the end.
 This is the story of the founding of Haythorn Ranch in Arthur,Nebraska ([...]) The founder trailed 500 head of horses from Oregon to start the operation which today is known for their excellent stock of horses. I don't know how true the details are but the story is based in reality and you can visit the place today. The current proprietors are direct descendents of the main character in the story and are delightful people. They not only breed excellent horses but also provide a true Western setting for weddings and events. Speaking from first hand experience.
 shipped in timely manner.  purchased for gift--saw part of it on TV.  looked good for western fan
 Kind of like old time westerns.  Kind good hero's and very bad, Bad Guys.
 However, I do have a couple of nits to pick and I will get them out of the way first.  One, why in heaven's name did they set the story in 1897?  The West was tamed by then.  Almost nothing that happened fit into that time frame, from a trail drive of that magnitude (700 miles) to the raw mining town to the indians on the "warpath to the encounter with "Smallpox Bob.  If they had set it in 1882 or even 1889, they would have been safe.  I can't help but think that someone slipped up on the research, really.  Two, I love Robert Duvall, but I am getting a tad bored with his patented "Agustus McCrea impersonation.  I realize that in order to get this project backed he probably did have to promise to reprise his most popular character type.  But couldn't he have given us one or two surprises this time?  Maybe stretch the character a bit?  For instance, why not have let Uncle Print actually take a chance on a real relationship with Nola Jones?  Greta Scacchi gave such a touching and lovely performance one did feel that her character deserved better.  That said, any discontent I may have with the movie is more than made up for by the revelation of Thomas Hadden Church, solid and stunning as an action hero of the best kind.  The almost wordless romance between his character and the character of Sun Yu is completely convincing and totally satisfying.  Oh, and the young woman playing Sun Yu is no slouch in the acting department either.  I also give the production team points for examining the plight of the young Chinese women and of women in general in the West before it was tamed.  Unfortunately, that would have been several years earlier than 1897.  Rats!  I couldn't quite forget it so I decided to pretend that it was mistake by the person who did the graphics for the little introductory comments.  And that worked till a character mentioned the Spanish American War.  Oh...Heck!  But, see...I gave it 4 stars anyway, and that means it was pretty darn good regardless.
 The movie was for my grandmother for Christmas.  She loved it......into Westerns.
 Duvall is the rough around the edges, but loving grandfather-like figure you know had to exist back in those wild times of the old west.  This is the 3rd and probably last western for Duvall, who has stated that Broken Trail completes his trilogy with Lonesome Dove and Open Range.  Church is a tough, determined, western man who does things "the cowboy way"... he's perfect for the part, and you'll agree once you see him and his character.  What the story lacks in action-adventure, it sure makes up for in character development, relationships, scenery, and just plain pulling you in, and making you feel like you're actually on the horse-drive with them.  And when the action does come, it's shocking, tense, and more realistic than any western before.  this movie about good honest men, doing the right thing, in a time and place where no one else did.  This movie isn't just for western fans or men, but women can really get into this, as there are several female co-stars here who wrestle with the hardships of the day as seen from the eyes of a woman in the late 1800s, in the lawless west.  I've read it before on a review forum, and I agree that on a top ten list, if Lonesome Dove is a 10, and Open Range is a 9, then Broken Trail is an 8 or 8&1/2!!!  I can't wait for this release.
 I oredered this BluRay Movie from Amazon.Com and when it was delivered to me here, in the remote part of North Eastern India, I am amazed and thrilled. I immediately switched on my PS3 system as I do not have any other BluRay player, and inserted the disk. We are greeted by stunning and crystal clear 1080p Hi Definition movie intro. The setting and the plot of the film was just great and the actors - they deserve a standing ovation. It brought tears to everyone's eyes seeing the exploitation and the harrasment of these poor Chinese ladies. Watching this film, my niece, my sisters all broke into tears. That was extremely touching. Our salute goes to everyone in the film specially to those 5 poor and exploited Chinese ladies. Naming them 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 is rather funny. Duvall and Thomas also played their part very well. I liked the scenery and the cinematography too. This movie is simply GREAT in all respect. Anyone who love western movies - This movies is for you. A must in anyone's WESTERN MOVIE COLLECTION LIBRARY. Good work done by everyone in the set. Our salute goes to the Director too. Good job.
 A friend loaned me this little gem when she came home after holidaying in the U.S.A.If you enjoyed Lonesome Dove and Open Range you will enjoy Broken Trail and, YES, Mr Duval does his 
 Robert Duvall reprises his aging cowboy roles from "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range in this 3-hour TV western that follows not a cattle drive but the cross-country trek of a herd of mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming in the closing years of the 19th century. Many of the elements of the genre are here, including the beauty and wide-open spaces of the western landscape (the film was shot in Alberta, Canada), the presence of vicious outlaws threatening the lives and welfare of the film's heroes, much gunplay, conflicts with Indians, and the vulnerability of women in a lawless land. In this case, there is the added element of a little-known fact of western history, the presence of Asian immigrants and the not uncommon fate of many Chinese women sold into lives of prostitution.  As some other reviewers have already noted here, the film runs a bit long. While it attempts to provide a history lesson in American diversity and prejudice, the script tends to shy away from providing much depth. It's treatment of some themes is glancing and at times predictable. And one could also argue that an important social problem is played more for entertainment value than thought-provoking illumination.  While Duvall is unbeatable in this kind of role, with the wisdom of years, a salty edge, and a self-deprecating sense of humor, the performance of Tom Haden Church helps hold the film together from start to finish. Skeptical, a bit soured by his bachelor cowboy life, and rarely smiling, he remains a wonderful foil to the older Duvall. And he gets the best line of the movie. When a madam objects to his rescue of the five Chinese girls by shouting, "Those girls are my property, he replies, "That's the price of capitalism.  The set designer for "Deadwood has created a wild, woolly frontier town, and we're reminded in scene after scene that the West was unpaved. There is mud to be found almost everywhere there are people, cattle, and horses. A making-of featurette has informative interviews with many of those both in front of and behind the cameras. Not a really great film, but worth watching whether you like westerns or not.
 I LOVE this movie.  It is probably one of the best cowboy movies made in the last 10 years and is based on a true story which is even better in my opinion.  The only problem with this movie is that since it was a mini series the movie "ends halfway and the credits roll.  If I had never seen it I might have thought it just ended badly and never seen the end.  Why didn't they take out the credits and just recorded it as one movie as is done with so many mini-series put in DVD?  Never the less, I highly recommend this movie!!!
 Honestly, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make this a four-star movie.  It's a classic western story, with clearly defined good guys and bad guys.  The character interaction is top-notch.  There's no multi-million dollar special effects, but the acting by all is rock solid.  Print Ritter (Duvall) and Tom Harte (Tomas Haden Church) unexpectedly become the guardians of five abused and abandoned Chinese girls in the midst of their horse drive.
 The film opens in Chinatown San Francisco, 1898 where we five exotic virgins from the Celestial Empire are bought by Captain Billy Fender (James Russo) to be sold as slaves and introduced into the brief and violent life of prostitution...  Robert Duvall stars as "Print Ritter, an old cowhand whose sister left a will inheriting all to him rather than to her own son, Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) who lives in John Day Country Oregon...  Print ignores why she has done it, or why was crossed between the two, but his sister done it...  Print got the idea to buy a team of tough, high-desert mustangs--three to eight years of age--to take them to Sheridan, Wyoming to sell to the British Empire; the money they'll earn will be to increase their capital... And on the shares, Print figures a 25-75 split on profits after expenses and loan repayment to the bank...  From this point, Hill's Western becomes a road movie, with all kinds of odd characters, from ugly villains to a friendly musician, but the key to "Broken Trail is that through a series of circumstances, fate has placed the five Chinese innocent girls in the hands of Tom and his uncle... But the reality is another... Their families sold them to that rat captain heading out to the mining camp, where Kate, an odious saloon owner, bought them from an associate in San Francisco...  Our two cowboys save the girls' lives from rape and take them along on their journey...  With great photography, gorgeous vistas, perilous ground, sensible brave girls, good and decidedly courageous men, great action when it is necessary, and a big confrontation at the climax of the movie, Hill's Western is a must see film for the fans of the genre...
 I am a real western fan and I loved this movie.  It is more family oriented than most and Robert Duval does a wonderful job as usual, acting as a "good man when it comes to all these women he seemingly inherits.  He does the right thing, all the way through.  Recommended!!
 Broken trail is the stage upon which Robert Duval crafts his latest character development - an aging, wise, Western character. He originated it in Tender Mercies, built upon it in Lonesome Dove, expanded it in Open Range, and peaked it in Broken Trail. Gone are the Godfather and Apocolypse Now and other characters he developed. In Broken Trail, his craft is at a high point. He is again tough as a trail boss, cranky but loving with his nephew, and soft with the Chinese girls and women. John Wayne tailored his later career in much the same way - True Grit, The Shooter, etc., but Robert Duval is doing it better.
 In the beginning I was surprised to see what tragic things that those chinese girls went through.Then you are swept away by the changes that Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church undertake with the girls.At first they, are very serious,hard men, but then little by little they start to soften up.Then surprisingly some of the characters fall in love but, it does not emphasize on it. The senery is absolutely beautiful and breathtaking.I also really enjoyed the music.Not only is Broken Trail a very good movie but, also a very good a good story.
 Not quite Lonesome Dove but up there with Open Range as a good yarn, splendid scenery and a usual excellent performance by Robert Duvall. Hayn Church aint bad either. It's no run of the mill western as it has a reasonable story line. Good supporting cast makes it a cut above the ordinary. If you like Duvall and you like westerns then Broken Trail is right up your street.
 I tell ya, Robert Duvall can just climb on a horse (rather tenderly these days, mind you) and you've suddenly got an outstanding Western.  And the AMC cable channel is very well known for its groundbreaking television.  Combine the two, and the happy result is BROKEN TRAIL, a movie with the central, tried-and-true theme that blood is thicker than water, as an aging rancher (Duvall, playing crusty old Print Ritter) and his estranged, moody nephew (Thomas Haden Church as Tom Harte) drive a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming (meaning prepare yourself for some breathtaking vistas).  Along the way, they seem to attract plenty of strays, from an adventure-seeking Virginian, to five Chinese girls in constant peril, to a solemn Chinaman, to one soiled dove with a heart of gold.  Also along the way, the two men connect, bond--and not just with each other.  One aspect that did (somewhat) disappoint me is the incontrovertible fact Duvall does, basically, reprise his most famous role; in short, his Ritter is <a href="http
 I will admit, it's not  Ghost in the Shell,  or  Princess Mononoke.  And yes, it's differs from the first film. Less sword fights, more romance. But in its own rights, it's a good film. The story is complex and bring you many relatable characters. D is as cool and sleek as he ever was. Getting glimps into the motivations of other characters also help the plot and keeps the audience involved. Okay, the plot and the dialogue tends toward mellow drama. The English dubbing seems to exagerate it. You have to keep in mind that the movie was made for a Japanese audience, whose taste runs different from Americans. By the look of most animes, Japanese have a healthy appreciation for mellow drama. Now the art work, GEORGEOUS! The animation employs both computer and traditional cell techniques. The blend of the two is seemless. Character design recalls those of  girly romance serials  such as  Candy  or even  Sailor Moon.  Impossibly large eyes, lots of long flowing hair, sharp facial features, lush detailed decorations, in dark tones however instead of pastels. This works well in this instance, as the underlying theme is love and adds the element of romance to the dark gothic base of the film. The scene construction is as dynamic as film gets. The  camera  moves through the scene, weaving in and out, taking the audience along into the film. Over all, it is worth the money. Go see it or get the dvd and just enjoy.
 From the moment I saw buff guys with big weapons riding around in a modified tank, I knew this would be different from the original. The entire world seems to work on different principles (less gritty magic, more gritty machines), and it comes across quite clearly in this radically different anime style. Fans of the  X  feature will enjoy it, but others will wonder why so many heads look like triangles with *gasp* huge eyes. But the thing that got me to watch the original was interesting violence, and you've got some here. Unicycle-riding midgets, werewolves with giant fangs in their abdomen, terminally ill patients shooting up to turn into psychic juggernauts, and the voice of Starscream! Some of this does seem like the product of a bad drug trip, but it is well-rendered and imaginative. The parasitic ( but I've always been a good parasite, ) hand returns with a bit of sarcastic wit this time, providing the much-needed dialogue and exposition D is incapable of delivering. Still, D seems a bit loose-tongued in comparison to his last appearance in 1985. His voice is well casted (as a matter of opinion, most of these voices are great), but there are times when I sat up in the theatre puzzled, because D just wouldn't say this or that. Still, he delivers the righteous justice and unrelenting effort of any good, sword-wielding anime protagonist. The protagonist complex of so many characters is interesting, because many come across as genuinely good main characters, almost competing for screen time. Some stories are intense enough to push D off altogether, but not for too long. He is never five minutes away from a fight scene. However, the antagonist complex of so many characters (everybody seems to hate everybody that they aren't sleeping with or being paid millions to save) gets a little thin. Carmilla, who could be considered the principle villainess, doesn't even get mentioned in the first sixty minutes of the movie. All in all, there are compelling, intertwining motivations, and enough eye candy to keep the average fan of anime through a sitting, but the ending is cliche (aren't all the best ones?), and other than to catch a few fight scenes over again, I didn't see much rewatch value. But if you can, see this in the theatre. Some of the visuals, and all of the sounds, deserve it.
 Its awesome! Not as great as everyone seems to think, at least story-wise, but still awesome.
 This one is no where near as good as the first one, but it's not bad! However, stylistically, it's TOTAL eye-candy. The movie is beyond beautiful.
 The isolation and loneliness of being the result of a union between a vampire king and a human woman--a being called a Dunpeal, someone who can never belong to either side. Strong, powerful and able to resist sunlight for a period of time. The sequel to the 1985 anime hit, "Vampire Hunter D
 Theres been a lot of anime films i wanted to watch, and unfortunatly they never seem to keep my interest, even ones that are suppost to be real good, and i watch it, and its just boring.  Vampire Hunter D
 I had never encountered Vampire Hunter D before watching this movie and I found myself enthralled by the sophisticated animation.  The plot kept  reminding me of the spaghetti westerns that my father used to love.  Somewhere in a future dystrophic world, a rich rancher's daughter was kidnapped by a vampire.  An iconic figure in black is summoned to either rescue her, or if she has been turned, kill her.  But there is also a second party of people competing for the reward, a group of siblings who are traveling in an armored vehicle.  Between bursts of extreme violence and action shots that remind me of high quality video game moves, the viewer learns a little bit about the stranger D, who either ages very slowly or not at all, and has to struggle against a craving for blood.  The chatty parasite attached to his hand actually provides comic relief and some of the back ground information.  This is highly recommended as both animation and plot.
 Based on the third novel of Hideyuki Kikuchi's popular series, this film evokes the milieu of its source material with greater accuracy than Toyoo Ashida's 1985 adaptation of the first novel. Herein, the titular character is commissioned by an affluent family to eliminate a powerful vampire, and to return a young woman who he's kidnapped. D's activities are complicated by a society of monsters hired by his prey for protection and a group of bounty hunters with whom he's competing for the same objective.  I never had an opportunity to see this in the theater upon its initial release. I assumed that the result would be an adaptation of Kikuchi's work colored by the rapid, severe action sequences and brisk pace typical of other Kawajiri features like Wicked City and Ninja Scroll. My guess was accurate only in regard to the former element; while the violence of this movie is as stylized and impressive in its execution as that of Kawajiri's other directorial efforts, this is surely as measured as it was in print, a story that develops slowly and for good reason.  The visuals of this film cannot be faulted. CGI is implemented seamlessly with cel animation to great effect. But the finest accomplishments of this movie's production are an array of magnificent backgrounds that depict vivid pastoral settings of numerous environments and extraordinary, sprawling interiors in which Gothic and Victorian design are rendered with impossibly ornate detail. I've seen a lot of animated features, and this is probably the most beautiful among them. Character designer Yutaka Minowa must be credited for his efforts
 I was very happy to finally get Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust. When I got to my friend's house we immediately popped it into the DVD player, and I was shocked to find that it didn't have the original Japanese language format with English subtitles. I admit that the English wasn't as bad as some dubbing I have heard, but it was rather disappointing. And because of the case the DVD comes in there is no indication that it dosen't have the Japanese. Of course my friend told me that the original Vampire Hunter D DVD doesn't have the original Japanese format either. Other than that Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is absolutely extrordinary. The animation is completely breath-taking. If it weren't for the fact that it didn't have the Japanese format I would have given it 5 stars.
 First of all, the first one will always be better. The music is one I actually bought the CD for. The acting, great. The voices, great. The animation 50/10. The only flaw was the exclusion of the Japanese dub. I know it was originally in English, but I''m practicing on saying Japanese, and now watch all my anim$B!&amp;(Bin Japanese. But otherwise, a good movie (especially the case, blood red)
 This was a great sequal to the orignal VHD. Its different art style and action pacted sceens lead you into the world of D and thase poor souls that live along side the vampire and mutants of a world gone through hell. All in all this film series rates up there with LotR with me as one of my number one picks of all time.
 This is one Badd Assss mOvie....It totally Kicks Assss...I have seen the first Vampire Hunter D....but BloodLust takes all the cookie....it is stunningly awesome to watch.. To all anime fans out there...Bloodlust is a must have..It could very well be one of the hottest animes in this era....i love animes with gore, action, and violence..all of which Bloodlust has... but don't let 10 yrs. old kids and below to watch it...it is very violent..and a young mind should never bare witness to that...not yet... SssSsssHhoOooTttsssS
 Over all, I feel that this was a good movie.  The animation is great, as are character designs.  The music is good and the casting is done well, by which I mean that the voices matched well with the characters (which, quite frankly, surprised the hell out of me!).  I have read some reviews that complain about D being too flat as a character, as in he doesn't show us a very broad spectrum of emotions (Heero Yuy from Gundam Wing comes to mind).  Well, normally I would agree, but keep in mind that aside from having to live a very long life, he basically has to live it alone, due to the fact that he is hated by both humans and vampires alike.  I wouldn't imagine that he'd have a lot to say or be incredibly happy about, would you?  No, I didn't think so, so lets leave it at that.  But what really gets under my skin is how this supposed love between Meier Link and Charlotte is handled.     I'll admit that I'm a pretty big sucker for love stories, especially the ones where the two are struggling against some force that is trying to keep them apart.  However, there is a right and a wrong way to go about doing this.  Charlotte came off as some stupid, naive little girl who really wasn't thinking about what she was doing and all that her decision would entail.  I saw her as just being infatuated with Link, instead of a woman who genuinely wants to share the rest of her life with someone.  Halfway through the movie I wanted to stand up and shout, "GOOD GOD WOMAN, TAKE YOUR HEAD OUT ..., STOP YOUR WHINING, AND GROW UP!  Link reminds me of some arrogant [guy], too stiff to convince me that he is capable of loving anyone.  From the way the couple interact, it doesn't seem that the two are in love at all, just a pair of desperately lonely people who depend on each other for company.  In my opinion, that is a hell of a lot different than love.  Their dialogue and how the voice actors portrayed them with their performances just doesn't cut it.  (I know, I know...  I said I thought the casting was done well, but how the voice actors match with the characters and how they depict the characters with their performances is entirely different) "Please, don't take me back, I'm just a widdle girl! "I can't go on without you my love, GIVE ME A BREAK!  You don't just roll over and die for love.  When you sit back and think about it, it doesn't make any sense.  You fight for it, damn it!  If something you love is being threatened, grab a gun, a knife, a sword, a big friggin' stick, ANYTHING and fight like hell!  At least that's the way I feel about it.  Charlotte should have been portrayed as a woman of real conviction, a person who genuinely believed in the love she felt.  Link would have been better, and more believable, as a character if he had been given better dialogue and more emotion.  So to sum it all up, a good storyline and a good movie if you're not expecting too much, but as a love story
 A superior sequel.  It leaves it's predecessor in the dust!  The animation will leave you in awe, and the story will leave you wanting more! Let's hope it doesn't take them another 17 years to make another sequel.  My only complaint about this DVD is that too much of the movie took place during daylight hours.  I think it took away from the creepy atmosphere the director was trying to convey. That being said, Vampire Hunter D 
 Before I go on about how great this movie is, let me just take a second to point out a few of the things less than perfect that appear in the film.   OK, there English dubbing tend to get a bit annoying at times (the female bounty hunter mainly) and since this was actually produced in the US, there's no Japanese dubbing at all.   That female bounty hunter that I just mention was often painful to watch and her reason for becoming a hunter was just a total cliche. That, coupled with D, a cool character maybe a bit too much of the stereotypical loner protagonist, almost made parts of the film almost comical.   That said, the movie as a whole was just awesome. A pretty damn innovative story (although one of the bad guys was obviously "borrowed from Ninja Scroll") with some of the most beautiful animation seen anywhere. It really was a thrill ride that seemed to be both cutting edge and reminscent of some of the cool, early/mid 80s anime. Really cool stuff.   If you dug the first D movie, Ninja Scroll, Mononoke or any action oriented anime, or have yet to see any Japanese animation, pick this one up.
 Now, the original will always be a classic. Unfortunately, even though this film is good, it will always be the film that came AFTER  Vampire Hunter D.  The influence and popularity of the original cannot be denied, even by people who think otherwise, however that does not mean this movie is in no way bad. For one, it excels in characters. The enemies and heroes are more fleshed out, and some of the heroes (the Marcus Bros. specifically) make you wonder which one is worse. Meier Link, especially, is a well developed character, and you begin to feel for him. I didn't experience such feelings in the original. Also, it excels in storyline. It annoys the hell out of me when people say otherwise, because I don't think they really know what they are talking about (some people, I've noticed, have a habit of simply summing things up with  good animation, bad storyline  and failing to elaborate). The original had the usual plot of  girl in trouble, save her.  This goes for the same fling, but...wait...girl REALLY in trouble? Or girl NOT in trouble? There is also the addition of an evil Countess, and even though some have said she is just thrown in there, if you really study the film and understand the characters you'll realize she's there the whole way through. So if you like action films that aren't just blood and guts, then you should definately watch this film. I guess I can't really say much else, but  oh well, whats the sound of one hand yapping? 
 This movie was pretty good, but it only had a portion of the essence that makes a lot of Anime instant classics and that make you want to watch them over and over. The art-work was fantastic and the scenes were pretty cool as far as action goes. But it is on no level like Akira, Ghost in the Shell, Ninja Scroll, or even the Dragon Ball Z movies. I guess it was story line. It was a good movie, but unless your a Vampire Hunter D fan, this is just a one-watch and done.
 A much improved story and the anime was far superior to it's predecessor "Vampire D". A very enjoyable feature and worth watching.
 No one can deny that the animation in this movie is gorgeous, stunning, beautiful. Characters all have depth to their faces, fluidity to their movies, while still being realistic moving, which is hard to do in animation. While some disagree, the dubbing really isn't bad at all, it even borderlines on good, as do the actors chosen to lend their voices to the parts. However, I'm not the first to say that the connection between Charlotte and Link was, well, silly at best. Charlotte comes off as being stupid and Link comes off as being an uptight psycho-possesive boyfriend. D was the best in this movie. People complain he didn't have enough depth, well, he's gonna be around for a while. I doubt that he has any desire just to pop out and fall in love, become someone's best friend, save a puppy, etc. He was stunningly animated. Maybe that's just my love for D. Overall, if one could combine the beautiful animation of this one with the storyline of the original, it'd be the classic anime, the touchstone for all anime to come. This is worth buying, I believe.
 I just saw the movie today in Austin . I am here to tell you this 
 directed by yoshiaki kawajiri, the acclaimed director of ninja scroll.vampire hunter d bloodlust is about a half human half vampire bountyhunter,d ,who's chasing after a vampire who abducted a daughter of a rich man.he is also trying  to beat the other team of bountyhunters,the markus brothers,in saving her. beautifully directed,and full of the breathless and breathtaking action scenes kawajiri is famous for.the action over substance kawajiri is famous for.but it's still a very enjoyable film.  a sequel to 1985 vampire hunter d .there is  a short cameo by the snakewomen of midwitch in this sequel,in the scene when d enters barbarois city. based on the novel ashai sonorama by hideyuki kikuchi.it is not the first time kawajiri adapts a kikuchi novel.wicked city is also based on a novel by the same writer.  along with  the usuall making of and trailers in the extra features,you'll get  fans favorite scenes and the storyboard to  feature comparison.  is it better than part one? budget-wise, yes .a lot better.  if you are a first timer  to anime ,you'll love this film. if you already are an anime fan,you'll like it too.like a nice summer action movie .
 Wow! This sequel to Vampire Hunter D took 15 years to arrive though I didn't mind that much because I didn't see the original until a year before Bloodlust came out. Was the long wait worth it? You bet! You will be able to tell that the animation is a bit different but it doesn't take away from the overall movie. While not quite as dark as it's predecessor, Bloodlust has some creepy moments and is probably more of an action flick which is not a bad thing. As with the first, this sequel is not a typical vampire film and is sure to please fans of the original and even new comers to anime. As for the DVD, the special features are somewhat plentiful. Very nice picture quality but as for the sound quality... Ugh! The sound between the dialouge and the music during the film are so unbalanced that you will find yourself having to turn the volume very high to understand everything being said and other times you will have to turn the volume lower due to a sudden burst of music right after a character's spoken dialogue. While watching this movie, I suggest you keep the remote in your hand for volume adjustment. Other than the sound problem, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is certainly worthy to be seen more than once as is the original.
 I'm only a casual fan of anime.  Almost every anime movie I've seen shares the same annoying cliches
 I don't review movies but after watching this one I'm compelled to applaud it for the great drama that it is. For those who love vampire movies, but care to see more sentimental and intellectual stimulation, this animation does the job well. Usually, I'm not a big fan of Japanese anime with its exaggerated features and lack of realism (both for the caricature of the personae as well as the backdrop), and my inclination would've been to give this movie three stars, but I've given it four because of its strength as a drama. First, there was Bram Stoker's Dracula, then Interview with the Vampire, and afterwards I'll rate this as my third most favorite vampire movie.
 This is a must have for anime collectors. The animation looks great even for an older film. This full length film is meant for the mid-teen to older crowd, for animated violence and gore.
 Shares much in common story-wise with the original Vampire Hunter D while not being "just another copy". More modern graphics style and voice/SFX and a more involved plotline make this a movie worth seeing for "D fans and non-fans alike. Good ending.
 The animation is beautiful in this film, so good in fact that I'd recommend Bloodlust for that reason alone. After more than fifteen years since the original, Bloodlust was definately welcome. The one bad thing about it is the lack of action, and the little action that there is is abbreviated in some way. With exception of two scenes, there are no action sequences that go longer than three minutes. The film, though, isn't long and the story is good enough to carry it from action to action. Great for those of you who liked Hellsing or the original Vampire Hunter D.
 vampire hunter d-bloodlust is a wonderful movie.it's got violence, true love, adventure, and an awesome mysterious main character.this movie will totally rock your world.it's different than most anime; there's no cutsie characters, and it's definitely not a comedy (that's for sure!).i would actually have given this movie 4 1/2 stars but it wouldn't let me!the only reason i wouldn't have given it five stars is because i wish that we could've gotten to know the main character a bit better (not that it's not great having him be a handsome mystery!).it was also a bit harsh on my sensitive sensibilities toward the end.so if you're as sensitive as i am BEWARE! i would definitely give this animation a ten.it's different but wonderfully dark. i do hope you get this!i know you'll enjoy it!
 Wow! This anime was a pleasure to watch from the get-go.  It is dark and gothic and beautifully animated.  It deals with the vampire theme but in a different kind of way....It is like a tragic romantic operetta. Very stylish and the voice acting was good.  Good audio direction and nice art direction as well.  Worthwhile to see with a loved one at your side. 
 As usual with Tarzan films, the title of this movie is overstated; he does not express savage fury, although he does kill his enemy. It is fun to watch. This 1952 film is the sixteenth movie in the Tarzan series since 1932. It is the fourth of five films in which Lex Barker has the role since he followed Johnny Weissmuller in 1949. Two crooks with native carriers trick Tarzan into believing that one of them is his cousin. They try to persuade him to take them to a jungle tribe that has many diamonds. He refuses but, as usual, Jane gets him into trouble by persuading him to do so. En route, people get killed and the crooks steal diamonds. Jane is almost murdered by the tribe who think that she is involved. A new character, a lost white orphan is introduced; Tarzan brings him home and Jane says he can remain. Cheetah, as in the other films, does many funny tricks.
 Explores the deep recesses of the Australian outback, where these giant creatures still roam the land and rule the waterways.
 Somewhere in the beginning of the movie, Ray Manzarek, keyboard player for the Doors, says to Jim Morrison that "we've gotta make the myths".  If Morrison by the end of his life wasn't a myth already, he sure is now, thanks to Oliver Stone's take on his short but shall we say intense life. As always, there's been a lot of controversy about Stone's historical inventions (cfr. JFK and Nixon), but then I don't think that reality was really the point anyway. What Stone pulled off here was to make a movie out of the music of The Doors, using its sensibilities and surreal images. Morrison's life is just the thread that runs through it all, and where the facts are given a wide berth, atmosphere takes over. Boy, does it ever - I think that watching The Doors is about as close as you can get to experiencing an acid trip without actually taking LSD. It's visually kinetic and obviously there's all of that music - 135 minutes worth of it. Don't watch it to get to know Jim Morrison; watch it to understand the music and the era from which it came. And watch it to see Val Kilmer's uncanny portrayel of Morrison, arguably one of the finest acting jobs ever done based on a real person. DVD treatment is fine, with a crystal clear transfer of the movie - just too bad it wasn't enhanced for 16
 I might be the perfect audience for this movie.  I like the Doors music, but I haven't read any of the books about them.  I'm hot and cold on the excesses of Oliver Stone's film style, but it seemed to work in this case.  I don't know what is truth and what is fiction, but the style of the film blended into the music made for an entertaining experience.  In many ways the movie opened up their lesser-known songs to my enjoyment and the performances in the film are excellent.  Being somewhat tired of Meg Ryan's Romantic Comedy per year output, it was nice seeing what might happen to such a sweet girl in the throes of the 60s, Rock music and the decadent scene.  You also have to wonder why Val Kilmer wasn't nominated for an Oscar after his great performance.  What's interesting about hippie movies is that film makers inevitably identify with this period and have to contain themselves not to romanticize it, but I still come away glad that I wasn't a part of it.   As for the Special Edition DVD, Oliver Stone provides insightful commentary about the making of the film and the meeting of Jim's and Pam's parents.  He points out and explains the symbolism of the Shaman and death and all of the things that seem in your face on first viewing.  I have always thought that Stone is a top-notch filmmaker mired in his own fascination with the 60s.  But you have to give the guy credit for movies like this.  No one anywhere could have made a big budget movie about The Doors except for Oliver Stone.
 This is a great quality product and quick shipping. The movie is great depicting the era of the great rock n roll bands. This type of musical talent no longer exists in "today's bands.
 This was a wonderful film, ValKilmer's best in my opinion. As Jim Morrison Kilmer gets to the core of the inner and oft hidden demons with all of us.  Although achieving wealth,fame and success Morrisson is haunted by a mystical figure who appears to be calling him toward his destiny a destiny which Jim seems so eager to meet and embrace.  Morrison personifies all that was rock and roll in the 60's , sex drugs and seeminly a taste for pushing ones'self to the limits of physical and psychological exhausion.  I highly recommend this.
 When I saw "The Doors 
 In 1991 director Oliver Stone made two epics concerning the 1960s, "JFK and "The Doors".  In my humble opinion, Stone was most successful with "The Doors in evoking the spirit of that tumultuous time in American history.  You can feel and taste the ambiance of the Sunset Strip and the smoky clubs that the Doors used as their stomping grounds.  But who's kidding who; the Doors were a vehicle for the musings of their charasmatic leader, Jim Morrison, and the rest of the band were able sidemen.  Val Kilmer so eerily channels the spirit of Morrison in his performance here that you feel that you are actually witnessing the rise and downward spiral of the Lizard King himself.  The cast here includes many talented individuals(Meg Ryan, Kyle Maclachlan, Frank Whaley, Kevin Dillon) but essentially they are but straight men to the Morrison show.  The reason I rate this film four stars instead of five is indicative of the fact that this is ultimately not an easy film to watch.  It's something of a chore to witness the self-destruction of a talented individual through his own narcissistic indulgences.
 Oliver Stone is a crazy nutbag and has gotten worse over time but Val Kilmer deserves major reconition for the best preformance he's ever given.
 While the fans of Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin wait endlessly for film bios of their Rock `n' Roll hero's Doors fans have long had the bio-pic of Jim Morrison courtesy of Oliver Stone.  I gave this review four stars, but for the movie itself it's only three stars the fourth star is for the bonus features. The movie starts off well enough with Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison in a recording studio reading his poetry ("Did you have a good world when you died? Enough to base a movie on?") Then flashes back to Morrison's childhood when he witnessed an accident in the New Mexico desert in which some Indians had been in a car accident and the young Jim Morrison felt as if the soul of one of those Indians leapt into his. Then we pick up Morrison as leaves the UCLA film school to self imposed exile on a Venice Beach rooftop where it's inferred that Morrison was writing. He meets Pam Courson (Meg Ryan) and bumps into former UCLA classmate Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan) who asks Morrison what he's been doing, Morrison answers writing songs, and Manzarek asks him to sing one. Jim sings Moonlight Drive and Ray says they should start a rock band and make a million dollars.  The movie closely follows the highlights of The Doors/Morrison's career from playing The Whisky a go-go where the Oedipal section of The End was first heard and got them fired only to be picked up by Elektra Records, to playing the Ed Sullivan Show and being asked by producers to excise the word higher in Light My Fire, Morrison refused, the New Haven concert where Morrison became the first rock star arrested on stage, Miami, his obscenity trial, his Wiccan wedding with Patricia Keneally (Kathleen Quinlan) and one unintentionally hilarious scene where Jim and Pam get into an argument and Jim stomps a duck. There are a lot of cameos in the movie including Doors drummer John Densmore, Billy Idol, Eric Burdon, Paul Williams, and Doors producer Paul Rothchild.  The acting is good, although Michael Madsen seems wasted in such a small part of Tom Baker, a friend of Morrison's. Oliver Stone gets most of the facts right, and gives a good feel for the 60's and the music. What he doesn't get right is pretty major. Besides directing Stone also gets a credit as screenwriter, but when he runs out of things for Morrison to say he just inserts Doors lyrics, as if Morrison was running around quoting songs all the time. The movie also tends to only portray the sensationalistic side of Morrison's personality, and while I understand film is an active medium there is one scene missing, a scene which shows Morrison sitting and writing the songs.  I gave one of the rating stars to the bonus features and this DVD is crammed with bonus features, deleted scenes, commentary, and the rarely seen English documentary The Doors Are Open which was shot on The Doors first European tour in 68.  The Doors movie by Oliver Stone may be part of a 60's trilogy. Each third represents a different aspect of the 60's.  Platoon-The Vietnam experience. JFK- About the political atmosphere of the 60's and how we lost faith in our leaders because of an alleged conspiracy.  And finally The Doors. To illustrate the counter culture experience of the 60's. This movie & JFK have both recieved reviews panning them due to not sticking with the facts. But these 2 movies are also outside of Stone's range of experience so it might have been a little harder for him to internalize the experience and present them to their best effect.
 this movie made a Doors fan of me &amp; the new edition has lots of extras &amp; 5.1 sound.  I think Oliver Stone did a wonderful job for the most part with this movie; looks so realistic which I think was one of the great things about this &amp; JFK.  Val Kilmer gives the performance of his career &amp; I think the whole cast was great.
 This was a good show in all. Very Trippy!! Anyone notice that Billy Idol appeared in it?? heehee! Billy played  Kat . He had brown long hair and was on crutches. He was briefly at the bar. Be careful... if you blink, you'll miss him!! 
 i was very impressed by this film upon my first viewing it lead to a spree of doors memorabillia crowding my home and the neighbours complaining about jims wailing on the cd player, for atleast two months this movie really affected me and turned me to music that i considered flea market hippie garbage reminiscent of an era of ridiculous hygiene and recreational excess. this film has a lot of quality out bursts and is definately one of oliver stones better films but i preferred this vision as a more desirable role only in fiction, olivers jim would be right up there with travis bickle, colonel kurtz and mickey mouse but the reality would have been hideous. the book by densmore tells a more humane tale of a man who got caught up in something only he could have laughed and smiled. stones dramatisation plays like king of kings on acid with an electric guitar.
 (Blu-ray version) For only those, who just like me, when look for a review, they only hope to find technicals opinions, nothing about the movie, history, critical or something like that, so... The picture is great and the sound is great too. Buy it!
 The Southern California band The Doors were a big hit around 1966-1971. The band ended when singer Jim Morrison flew to France to pursue a different career and shortly later died due to his ongoing drug abuse.  I'm not old enough to remember The Doors. I hail from the later era of Judas Priest and Metallica. The first time I ever heard of The Doors was when my much-older brother asked me if I knew of them. I busted out laughing saying, "The Doors? Why don't they just call themselves The Window Sills. Yeah, I thought the name was pretty ridiculous until I discovered Jim Morrison's reasoning behind it
 I just watched this movie again a few days ago, and the photography sticks in my mind.  There are more special effects in The Doors than in Star Wars.  I think this movie represents a change in Oliver Stone's career.  I didn't like some of his earlier films as much as other people.  The most interesting films to me were the ones where he used a lot of special photography to convey the message like JFK, Nixon, Any Given Sunday, even Natural Born Killers (although I think Killers hits a doorstop in the prison scenes).  There are scenes in Killers that have the kind of visual exuberance and improvisations inherent in the message, almost like a fairy tale.  The Doors uses cinema the way Apocalypse Now uses cinema.  What I mean by that is the montages, the feeling of immersion, the adult manner in which the cinema handles the plot.  It pulls out the stops and goes as deep as the mental state it portrays without being too "preachy".  Those are Stone's preferable qualities to me.  The Oliver Stone films lacking those presentation techniques I speak of were shot so gritty to the extent of degrading the moral, and they had little beauty or gloss in them, which are the things that were put into The Doors and the above few I mentioned.  Stone's better films are the ones like this one that treats his subjects as fairy tales for adults.  They are the ones that take me on a colorful ride and display what those things look like in one's imagination, and then plays with them like fairy tales.  They should be vivid and colorful.  They should not make me hate the world, but have me make better choices in the world.  If you are interested in Oliver Stone in the same manner, you may also want to read his book, A Child's Night Dream.
 4 stars for Val Kilmer who fills the boots of a "lamentable wreck of a human being.  Meg Ryan belatedly caught on to the obvious fact that she was playing a part in a cautionary tale, but she caught on too late to improve her part in a sordid tragedy that grinds down from not bad to bad.  Oliver Stone's movie is, again, Oliver Stone OD'd on purple strychnine.  He's stoned, lost in a purple haze, but is very far from immaculate.  What saves him here is what saved the lizard kingdom (until the main man, like Marat, went down for the very last time in a bathtub in Paris ... or so they say)
 This is Oliver Stone's best film, Val Kilmer's best performance, and the 2d best fiction film representation of a rock band (This Is Spinal Tap is the best, of course). But first, the bad news
 This film somewhat disappointed me. I walked away from this film thinking that Jim Morrison was an alcoholic jerk who cared only about himself. Thankfully, soon after watching this movie I read 'No One Here Gets Out Alive' and I have come to see a better picture of the true Jim Morrison.  It seems as if Hollywood is only interested in the abusive side of Morrison and not the more down-to-earth side of Morrison. Oliver Stone made Jim's character so one dimensional... and this is a serious flaw in a movie that is based, for the mostpart, on one man.  That being said, Val Kilmer plays a GREAT Jim Morrison. The movie has many fantastic parts
 This movie is a very insightful look into the Doors and Jim Morrison's life. However, if you really want an accurate history I would read Riders on the Storm by John Densmore.
 I first saw this movie in my high school film studies class.  It blew my mind.  The Doors were one of the biggest acts of the late '60s and early '70s.  Val Kilmer is brilliant as Jim Morrison.  He's got the look, the sound, and the feel down pat.  Jim was a bit of a wild man during this psychedelic era, and the movie totally reflects that -- excessive drugs, wild antics on and off stage, etc.  One of my favorite scenes is when The Doors are invited to play on The Ed Sullivan Show and are asked to censor "Light My Fire.  They don't, and Val exaggerates the moment way beyond what actually happened.  A classic scene.  There are a few inaccuracies in the film which knocks my rating down one star.  I learned about them in Ray Manzarek's book, "Light My Fire
 Myself, being a huge doors fan, I absolutely love this movie. Oliver Stone did a great job capturing Jim Morrison's wild life fueled by drugs and alcohol onto the big screen, but maybe he gave us a false perception of the Lizard King. Many people watch this movie to get an idea on what Jim was like, and this movie is not what it's for. Oliver Stone exaggerated a lot of thing in Jim's life to make it more movie like, which is completely okay, but people must understand this.  As a movie, it's fantastic, and keeps us pulled into Jim's story throughout the whole thing, but don't look at this movie as a documentary.
 This was an excellent movie if you want to learn about how the Doors got their start and became famous.  It was kind of shocking how much Jim Morrison changed throughout the movie.  It also showed how much he loved and cared for his girlfriend.  You see the Doors working in the studio and them playing in concert.  You will be surprised what some of the stuff that Jim did on stage, he screamed at the croud and said some bad stuff.  But overall I would say that it was a great movie and strongly recommend it to fans of the Doors and even people who are not fans of them.  It made me like them more because it gives you a chance to actually really listen to the music.
 THE DOORS is a great movie but I would have giving it 5 stars but if movie was based on real accounts. For one instant Jim didn't quit film school he actually graduated and made a couple of films but thats all I will say about that aspect. The movie was excellent, the acting was great espically the actors who played The Doors were excellent. This is one of those "semi-Biographical flicks done right, I mean the doors in the movie actually look like the real doors. I thought Val Kilmer did a excellent job playing Morrison, he looked and sounded like him. Of course the soundtrack is excellent cause most of it is Doors music. If your aren't a Doors fan or just becoming one then I highly recommend it. THE DVD
 It's hard to believe that The Doors (1991) is now twenty years old.  It's also hard to believe Jim Morrison has been gone 40 years already.  Time flies.  This movie was made by the always controversial Oliver Stone.  This movie basically centers around the wild lifestyle of lead singer Jim Morrison.  Val Kilmer gives a great performance as Jim Morrison.  I don't think any other actor could have done better.  Kyle MacLachlan is also great as keyboardist Ray Manzarek.  Frank Whaley does well as guitarist Robbie Krieger, and Kevin Dillon does a good job as drummer John Densmore.  Meg Ryan is a good Pamela Courson (Morrison's girlfriend).  Kathleen Quinlan is great as Patricia Kennealy (Morrison's mistress).  Look for cameo appearances by Paul Rothschild (the band's producer) and John Densmore.  Also look for Billy Idol, who plays Cat.  A lot of things that occur in this movie either never happened, or if they did, were greatly exaggerated.  Keyboardist Ray Manzarek has been quoted many times as saying that certain incidents in the movie never happened, such as the Thanksgiving scene, the exaggerated performance of Light My Fire on The Ed Sullivan Show, etc.  There are also some factual errors in the movie.  One thing I don't like about this movie is the fact that Oliver Stone portrayed Jim Morrison as a self-centered out of control drunk.  He exaggerated everything, which is typical of Stone.  I've read lots of books on Morrison and The Doors going back to the early 1980s and watched many videos/documentaries.  Morrison had a sense of humor that was absent in the movie.  He was very cerebral as well.  He wasn't wild ALL the time, but he was a great deal of the time.  Early in the movie all four band members vow to stick together, support each other no matter what, and do everything unanimously, but as the movie progresses, Manzarek, Densmore, and Krieger increasingly turn against Morrison as Morrison's behavior gets more and more out of control.  I found this interesting but understandable, because when one of the band members is totally out of control, the band can't do everything unanimously and without conflict.  This is the result of Oliver Stone choosing to portray Morrison as TOTALLY out of control.  Stone should have taken the middle road when portraying Morrison, wild but not TOO wild, but his goal is to entertain the movie audience by exaggerating things.  I saw Ray Manzarek perform live, by himself, at Pine Knob Music Theater in Clarkston, MI in July 2002.  I'll tell you, it was one of the best performances I've ever seen at a concert venue, even though it was just Manzarek and a keyboard on stage.  The other artists there that night were Vanilla Fudge and Jefferson Starship.  Jefferson Starship gave an absolutely terrible performance, with sound problems and no Grace Slick.  It was the worst concert I've ever seen.  Overall, this is a good movie that will take you to the hippie generation of 1960s America and allow you to see the story (flaws and all) of one of the great rock bands of all time.
 The Doors enjoyed another boast in sales in 1991 when this movie came out, but it was a great movie despite the shortcomings that an otherwise unsuspecting teenager (which I was at the time) would have fallen for had it not been for older and wiser peers.  Jim Morrison was an otherwise idealistic follow power kid from back East who came to California (as many did at the time and so many afterwards) for fun and sun.  He was more concerned with having fun and being a spacey poet lauriet, even if it was in his own mind.  Here he would meet his love, Pamela, and get together with three friends to form The Doors.  From there, it was all a heady haze of success, fame and self indulgence.  While the other Doors took drugs with him to expand their minds and satisfy their own curiousities, Jim dove head first into full blown addiction.  From there his life would turn into a haze of drug induced behavior, arrests, and lashing out at others.  I was glad that this movie made some signifigant points in the history of The Doors.  It was Robby the guitar player, not Jim, who wrote Light My Fire.  They made an historic appearence on the Ed Sullivan Show that outraged the network brass for saying "higher on their show rather than their censored rewrites.  And there was that infamous show in Miami that turned into an outright embarrassment where he whiped it out and showed us the Ivory White Shaft.  It's not so big a deal nowdays, but back then it was shocking and offensive unlike anyone had ever done.  And Val Kilmer was a dead ringer for the real Jim!  What prevented me from giving this 5 stars was the fact that they embellished many things and fabricated many things.  This Jim was really, really rude and unlikable, and I doubt even at his most obnoxiously drunk / high moment he would act so vain and self centered at all times.  That scene where he meets Nico from The Velvet Underground was not true according to many others.  His relationship with the pagan girfriend was left unresolved (although that is her in the pagan wedding scene between him and Kathleen Quinlan), when in real life she would end up aborting his child.  Even his strained relationship with the other Doors was left up in the air once he left for France.  And I have met enough people who really went to Doors concerts back in the day, and they were not really these huge naked drug orgies like they were portrayed in the movie.  Still, this was a good movie.  Know to see the forrest from the trees, and you will have a better time with it, but don't take it at face value.
 The Doors is one of music's most enduring rock groups, led by one of the 20th century's most interesting personalities Jim Morrison.  The movie, directed by Oliver Stone, is not a biopic, more of an "homage to the life, and the character of Jim Morrison.  The movie details his life, and his rise and fall in music, culminating in his death at 27.  The DVD features the same features from the earlier Special Edition, including Oliver Stone's commentary.  Included are 43 minutes or so of deleted scenes and a couple new featurettes.  Highly recommended.
 It kind of reminded me of "Sid and Nancy (Jim and Pam?), where a lot of liberties were taken to keep the story interesting, and mixed characters up, and the truth is in the music.  Ray Manzarek said in an interview that the Miami incident cost his father a promotion, even though Doors money continues to roll in to a father he considered "dead". Jim's background before he became famous to me is more interesting, what led up to the Lizard King that started as a chubby Navy brat. You can also go on You Tube and see some of the projects like "Hwy he worked on (should be on video, as should "Feast of Friends").  "No One Here Gets Out Alive was where a lot of the story comes from but a lot is left out.  As a movie, the music propels it, Morrison's poetry, and Val Kilmer really gets deep into it, definitely one of his most memorable roles, if not THE most. Irony that he was a Navy pilot in "Top Gun and was the rebel son of a Navy Admiral in this?  The members of The Doors all wrote books all worth checking out.
 Utterly absorbing bio-pic of Jim Morrison. The name Val Kilmer is, or should be, synonymous with incredible acting that is not merely natural or convincing, but immensely fun and commanding. You may have noticed while watching his recent Wonderland - Val has the ability to make a picture. Here, he IS The Doors
 Kilmer is Morrison in this movie, he acts and feels out what the man did and how he saw the way he did. This is a big winner and I like The Doors myself and this was a good one. Hooray for Oliver Stone for making this awsome movie. Long live Morrison
 I am a John Wayne fan & have over 70 of his movies in my collection.  I agree with Mr. Wu's description of the plot.  It is one of the better of John Wayne's grade B Republic movies.  It is the only movie in which John Wayne "sang & the dubbed in voice is definitely not John Wayne's voice.  John Wayne did not want to be a singing cowboy & it allowed others like Gene Autry & Roy Rogers to fill that role.  I was pleased that the film was reworked & the DVD had good audio & picture.
 The DVD was for my daughter and she loved it, she is a history buff so this was really fun to watch.
 This is Bob Hope's final NBC Special appearance at the age of 93 broadcast on November 23, 1996. He had been on broadcast television for 46 years.   With Tony Danza as host, they take you through time of all the Presidents of the United States Bob Hope has been in the company with as an emcee, speaker, host or special guest. Bob has entertained 11 Presidents from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Bill Clinton.  Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-45), Harry S. Truman (1945-53), Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953-61), John F. Kennedy (1961-63), Lyndon B. Johnson (1963-69), Richard M. Nixon (1969-74), Gerald R. Ford (1974-77), Jimmy Carter (1977-81), Ronald Reagan (1981-89), George Herbert Walker Bush (1989-93), Bill Clinton (1993-2001).  Their are interviews with former President Ronald Reagan, Tom Selleck, Naomi Judd, Former President Gerald Ford, Former First Lady Betty Ford, Don Johnson, Former President George Bush, Former First Lady Barbara Bush, Ann-Margret, President Bill Clinton.   You will also see clips of
 I bought this for my grandson who is 5 so some of this is for kids older but he has enjoyed parts.  I think he will get much more out of it when he is a little older.  I do recommend it as a learning tool.
 I'm too old to have experienced School House Rock as a kid, but I'm familiar with much of the clever creative music as a result of attending many Bob Dorough gigs in the past couple decades. This material is fun, entertaining and educational, "dated or not. Bob is the musician composer behind those amazing catchy and intelligent songs.  In promo material for the Disney production, I saw not a single mention of Bob Dorough (although his name appears on the sidebar promos for other branded Schoolhouse Rock DVD's on the web site). So let me just say that Mr. Dorough deserves prominent billing as a key contributor to the core content, and the success, of the show. His name should be included in the promo material.  BTW, Bob is an amazing and unique jazz musician who is still performing and making great music well into his 80's; singing energetically (an understatement) while playing piano at the same time. Very difficult at any age. Bob still does it in uplifting and inimitable fashion.  Find him on the Internet, and see/hear him if you can. Bob Dorough is one of a kind.  And oh, by the way
 I am satisfied with this material, as a teacher.  My huge complaint is that there are too many advertisements at the beginning of the DVD that you are forced to click through, which is very time consuming. Teachers don't have time.  Teachers don't have a lot of money either.  So, to purchase a product with advertisements is disconcerting.  We purchase DVDs for the material.  We shouldn't be paying to be forced to click through advertisements.
 An absolute must for anyone with small children. Covers basic math and grammar as well as science and history, all delivered in musical jingles that are easy to remember for children. The only negative about this collection is that for some reason the volume level is extremely low, probably either poorly mastered from the original source or a poor conversion from the original mono broadcast. Even with the poor sound quality this gets four stars, fix the audio and it would get 10 stars.
 Whether you are buying this for yourself to reminisce about times gone by or you are going to use it as a teaching tool (I'm using it for both as I'm in my late 30s & grew up on School House Rock), this DVD will not disappoint.
 This DVD is a great blast from the past!!  I grew up with these videos in the 1970's and I forgot how funny (and generally educational) these videos were.  It's great to see them all again whenever I want.  How wacked is the video about the U.S. spreading to the west coast because we needed "elbow room"?  I don't think the Native People would appreciate that one.  I was disappointed in the extras.  Otherwise awesome!!
 I'm a teacher of adults, some of which speak Spanish. Putting the parts of speech to music helps them learn.
 My daughter (9 years old) loves this video and we now share this common connection. I'm one of the millions who grew up with these educational music videos. I'm glad that I have the chance to share with the next generation.  One minor issue with the video is the difference in sound level between the Disney advertisements at the beginning (loud!) and the part of the disc you really want to see (much softer.) Other than that, the sound and video production is fine.
 I bought 2 of these one for me to keep and one for my family and it is everything i had wanted. I was skeptical cause i wasnt sure if it had every skit but it does and ones i hadnt even seen before. It was well worth the money
 This video is wonderful. It has all the clips I enjoyed when I was a kid and some new ones that are equally entertaining and educational.  My five-year-old loves to watch it and it has already helped with our math facts and singing other parts of our assignments.
 I have fond memories of watching this series on ABC's Saturday Morning lineup as a child during the early 1980s.  I wish that ABC would resurrect the series, as I think that it makes otherwise bland academic subjects fun and engaging.  Given the questionable state of culture and education in our nation today, I think that Schoolhouse Rock looks better and better.
 I not only bought this video for my kids and kids of friends but also for some of my adult friends. It's not only educational it's also so much fun to watch. It sure brings back memories of my Saturday mornings as a kid. Kids today are missing out!
 I just met Bob/heard him play these songs at a coffee shop in the Colorado mountains (3 is a magic number, bill and conjunction junction).  It was an amazing trip down my childhood and I'm now ordering the DVD.
 This is the DVD I've been waiting for.  All of the Schoolhouse Rock cartoons are here.  You were either born at the right time to appreciate these or not, but they're (mostly) great.  The extras are (mostly) fantastic and the new one ("I'm Going To Send Your Vote To College") leaves me wanting more. Enjoy!
 This is the definitive collection. There are a few shortcomings, but they by no means detract from the overall package. You do get every SHR song (so they say) and the ability to play them in just about any combination you want, which pretty much sums up disc 1. You also get a wonderful documentary on disc 2 that is mainly about the new song, but also touches on some SHR history. There are some challenging trivia games and other oddities included as well, making this a well-rounded archive, but there are some curious omissions. I'll unpack "frustrating first. There is a top 20 list of SHR songs on disc 2, presumably from the on-line vote prior to this collection's release. Why not list all 46 with their vote totals/percentages? Why is this list on disc 2 and not on disc 1 as a play list option? There are also some fairly interesting (but not too revealing) commentaries for a couple of handfuls of tunes on disc 2. Why are these commentaries not on disc 1, and why not for all of the songs? Only 3 of the original 4 Scooter Computer songs are included, and the long-lost "Weather Show is obviously edited. A history of the failed Scooter Computer series would have been nice, as would an explanation of why the "Weather Show was pulled from circulation and then edited for this release. These items were omitted, but the Nike commercial was included? What were they thinking?! Don't let my griping turn you off. This set does contain a lot of nice touches, including some hidden features. Be sure to complete the trivia challenge for a special treat! If you love SHR, you cannot go wrong with this collection, despite its few flaws.  Darn, that's the end.
 Our whole family loves this DVD. It's a great tool to learning the basics. From the preamble, to the westward expansion to "Where the Money Goes, this is a great selection of videos to have on the shelf. Everyone will love it. Catchy tunes and great info!
 I remember these videos from my childhood and they really did help me learn.  I teach at a very small school and will use them to help some of my students.
 Thanks for the prompt delivery of the product. Schoolhouse rock was something I grew up watching Saturday mornings and it still has something to offer for young children today. My wife is a school teacher and will likely use it in her classes.
 These timeless vignettes covering the four core basics of education are a fun and entertaining way of picking up those little facts that so often allude us. Having them on one dvd is a great help for a parent or teacher, or even a student. It is all localized and easy to use. It does have a factor of dating to the topic, but it is still very acceptable. JoAnne Dandin
 I learned a lot from these videos.  I hope my granddaughters learn a lot from them as well.
 I love this video. It reminds me of Saturday mornings when I was a kid.
 what a sheer joy to recieve this double cd in australia..jack sheldon.bob dorough,dave frisberg,blossom dearie and possibly a few others of jazz heratige;all adding their distinctive voices and delivery to a bunch of early primary school lyrics with a purpose..blossoms "figure 8 is a masterpiece of childish innocence enhanced by simple animation (the upturned nose on the little schoolgirl) while the irreplaceable jack sheldon in "conjunction junction  is still alive and singing in los angeles to this day.,   by the way if you ever have the opportunity to visit the annual deleware water gap "celebration of the arts in september you can expect to hear bob dorough presiding over the childrens tent!!..a hardy lot these jazz icons.....
 I technically grade this 4.5 stars 
 I'm very pleased to have found this School House Rock dvd!  My kids 11 & 6 actually sit, jump, and sing "together peacefully enjoying the shows!
 I got this for my 3rd grader's classroom to use.  My son comes home telling me about how they use it for the various subjects they're studying,singing the songs that I still remember from 30+(was it that long?)years ago when cartoons were only on Saturday mornings.  It was more than worth the price-an excellent bargain.  Thanks!
 I have found that there is much to be valuable with my third graders. Music is a great medium to anchor learning. Some of the music is "dated but the kids still love it.
 This product was exactly what I was looking for - all the School House Rocks! favorites for my kids.  No real complaints, but things to point out to would-be purchasers
 Love it - reminds me of my childhood and now my kids are enjoying it!
 I ordered this DVD for my son, because I had such wonderful memories of School House Rock episodes from Saturday mornings during my childhood. (I learned my time-tables through school house rock, and even learned the preamble to the constitution!) While I did very much enjoy reliving the episodes from my childhood, I found the DVD very difficult to navigate.
 I was thrilled when I came across this DVD. I myself own the original vhs copies of School House Rock, but they were starting to get damaged when I decided to buy the dvd. Has all the remembered favorites in a "jukebox setting.  I agree that the Disney folks did go overboard on the advertising, but hey, it's only the first section of the dvd, I just skipped buy it.  When I put the dvd in my player, I had to turn the volume up extremely loud to hear it, that is my only complaint about the disk. It's awesome to have all my childhood fav's on one DVD. I would recommend for anyone, young or old!
 My 7 year old son and I watch this whenever he is working through language arts and may have forgotten the nuances of an adverb vs. and adjective.  He is really enjoying the patriotic songs about the pilgrims, colonies, revolutionary war.  He has learned alot about things like taking care of the earth, how a bill goes through the process of becoming a law.  I forgot how fun it is to watch these cartoons and the tunes are still catchy.  My only complaint is the quality of the sound.  Some are better or worse than others.  We get around this these days by turning on the close caption so that we can read along too.
 Perfect little intro dvd for a HOST of different topics of study.  I bought it for the science section to play as intro to my early elementary students.  Great info in a short amount of time without all the fluff that the Magic School Bus videos toss in.
 Watching these Schoolhouse Rock classics with my children was awesome.  Not only did it take me back to my childhood, but now my children will grow up remembering these catchy educational tunes.
 it is a good way for me to study for things that we talk about in history like for ex
 Boy, was it fun reliving conjunction junction and I'm only a Bill with our son who is 4...he was intrigued by it right at the outset, prompting him to ask questions about concepts that may be a little old for him how (what's an adjective, mom?) - the DVD will last a while in our house.  The only complaint (and the reason I didn't grade this DVD 5 stars), is the number of menus you have to go through to get the DVD to play all the vignettes in a row.  It's great that the DVD is structured so you can pick out which ones you want to play, but with over 260 minutes of vignettes, I don't know too many people that are going to use their arrow keys to pick and choose their way through the TWO discs it comes with.  In the next version, figure out a way to structure the upfront menus to be more user friendly, easier to move around and less cumbersome.
 My godchildren love the educational Schoolhouse Rock tunes today as much as I did decades ago. One problem... The DVD stops after each segment as opposed to playing straight through. I have found that children quickly loose interest in the time it takes to scroll through the menu to the next song... However not quite as rapidly as their parents become frustrated with the stop, scroll and click routine. Totally nostalgic, just as much fun for adults.
 It was as good as it was when I was growing up.  I use it for my second grade class and it works great. They are learning adjectives, nouns, adverbs and the like to catchy tunes.
 I'm not sure if I initially wanted to buy this CD for my own memories or just for my son.  Either way, it turns out we both enjoy it so much, and it's a really cool thing to share something with your child that you enjoyed as a child yourself!  He's three, and when I told him this was a show I used to watch, he was very intrigued.  He's watched it many times by now, and he knows the words to several of the songs.  His favorite, to my heart's joy, is the same one I loved most as a child -- "Conjunction Junction".  He would run around the house singing it constantly when he first learned it!  Some people feel this series is just too out-of-date, but I don't think little ones really care about that.  All we know is that it's a lot of fun and definitely worth the buy!
 I love the product - our 2-year old can watch them.  The menu program is a little cumbersome as you have to go through it completely each time if you want the shuffle program.  The product is good though and still catchy as I remember seeing on saturday mornings.
 I remember these from when I was a kid, and got them as a birthday present for my friends' kids who are just learning how to read. They love it as much as I do, and helps with learning the english language, counting, and how our government operates.
 It is just as I remembered it.  Good price.  My daughter loves it.
 I am a little bummed, it took the seller too long to get me my dvd's and when I play them they stutter.  If I fast forward a little bit and then rewind the stuttering goes away.  I don't know if it's the machine or the dvd.
 I remember Schoolhouse Rock from childhood (as do many of my friends I found out, when we were reminiscing one day).  I wondered if there was a way to expose my daugther to the songs to let her enjoy them too.  I found a CD collection at a local store, but when I searched on Amazon and saw the DVD with EVERY Schoolhouse Rock video ever made, I had to have it! (Interjection) She loves the CD's and the DVD.  The DVD allows for great flexibility in playing her favorite songs, in whichever order she desires.  As she is 2 1/2, that means playing "Loli, Loli, Loli", and "Conjunction Junction over-and-over again.   There is also a nice section of bonus material which has a voice over interview with the creators of Schoolhouse Rock discussing the videos you are watching.   My only complaint centers around the America Rock group of videos.  A history lesson addressed to primarily white children of the 70's, really looks like a white-washing of history in today's more ethnically aware society.  "Elbow Room and the other America Rock videos don't address the more troubling parts of America's past (i.e. the treatment of native Americans and of slaves).  Really, these are impossible issues for funny video's to cover, so I would have suggested leaving the history part out.   Overall, these videos are wonderful.  I'm not sure how much I learned from them, but they are a lot of fun and if my daughter is any indication, a entirely new generation of kids will embrace them as well.
 There's a lot to like about Schoolhouse Rock. I grew up watching it just like everybody else my age. Looking back on it now, sure, the nostalgia factor is high.  But sometimes, the various segments can be factually inaccurate.  For example, the "Verb song identifies "batting as a verb, when it's actually a gerund that acts as a noun in a sentence. Example
 The song "Unpack Your Adjectives". I remember since Saturday Dec. 28th, 1974 the day I heard this song I was very depressed, and unfortunately, my mom was not in the most supporting manner that day. She said she was tired of my complaining, and she was sick of my not smiling anymore. I am crying now whenever I hear this song. I know that growing up my family always wanted me to smile, and that there was no room for complaining, frowning, and other things that just didn't make for positive behavior. I know I am still haunted by this 32 years later; I pretty much played this for my son on the dvd, and since then the memories have flooded back. I know that I played it tonight, and after putting my son to bed I cried like a baby. It's crippled me emotionally, and now I'm going to find out why, so that way I can begin to put this behind me. I know that 2 weeks prior to this I stopped talking to at the time my best friend as he wanted me to break into a abandoned house. I told him "No", and he responds by ripping my jacket up with a small pocket knife. I don't know if this has anything to do with why this song makes me so down and depressed, or not. I feel that other than this, and Eisner the rest of this collection is very good. I remember listening to this when I was younger, and I wanted to make this something my son can remember.
 This DVD(s) takes you back to Saturday morning cartoons.  Before cable/dish.  You will find your children singing the songs soon after putting the DVD in.  It gives you choices to watch what you want, watch them randomly, in order, or by theme.  My wife and I watched our favorites first.  It is amazing how the songs are still in my memory.  The price is right too, cheaper than I could get it locally.  My only complaint is that the sound quality seems a bit poor, and that kept me from giving 5 stars.
 I really enjoyed this. It brings back wonderful memories.  The one negative of the cd is the preview of upcoming vids by Disney. It is cumbersome to go through.
 Having never seen the orginal School House Rock (SHR) classics when they first appeared on tv in the early 80s, I rented these DVDs from my local library out of personal curiosity. I was amazed by how incredibly brilliant these educational cartoon musical shorts are. The songs are ingenious, the music is exceptionally high quality and enjoyable to listen to. Of course I had to own it.  Now, we most often play the SHR DVDs in the car during long drives. The DVDs are a great way to make the drive seem shorter and I honestly hear my kids learning valuable ideas, information, grammar and math skills with every passing mile.  The only thing I'd say is annoying about the DVD setis the format in which the songs are placed on the DVD. All the shorts are broken up by category, such as math, science, social studes, etc. This is nice in concept, but whoever compiled and programmed the DVD forgot to include a "Play All feature.  As we use the DVDs primarily while driving, this becomes a problem because the whole DVD won't play end-to-end, therefore, requiring frequent fiddling with the DVD -- no easy feat when you're driving AND trying to advance the programform the front.  This aside, the School House Rock DVD collection is the most popular addition to our educational DVD collection.
 I'd like to address some of the criticisms made in earlier reviews about this film and offer my interpretation. The main criticism seems to be twofold
 I bought this Blu-ray as part of a Shaw Bros. three-pack, where it was bundled with THE HEROIC ONES and THE DELIGHTFUL FOREST. I'd seen BROTHERS FIVE (1970) on Celestial Pictures' Region 3 DVD and liked it a great deal, but it looks just magnificent on Blu-ray. It helps that the frequent action scenes tend to be shot outdoors in broad daylight amid picturesque Taiwanese settings or on large well-lit interior sets, such as the one where the climactic showdown between the Brothers Five and the lead villain is played out. The action directors stage the fights so that they play out in long takes with the camera placed at medium long shot, capturing all the combatants in frame from head to toe and moving with them as they fight. This means the performers have to show some actual skill as they are called on to execute a series of intricate maneuvers in real time and shift their attention from one opponent to another, since most of the fight scenes involve multiple combatants. It's all quite spectacular and looks great on a widescreen TV. This is the way such action scenes should be shot.  The film features a large cast of top Shaw Bros. performers on both the hero and villain sides, led by female star Cheng Pei Pei (COME DRINK WITH ME, GOLDEN SWALLOW), who plays a swordswoman who seeks to reunite the five brothers (separated since childhood) and teach them "Five Tigers with One Heart kung fu so they can successfully defeat Master Long Zhen Feng (Tien Feng) who'd killed the brothers' father and taken over his estate, known as Flying Dragon Villa. The brothers are played by Yueh Hua (COME DRINK WITH ME), Chang Yi (BELLS OF DEATH), Lo Lieh (FIVE FINGERS OF DEATH), Chin Han (LADY GENERAL HUA MULAN), and Kao Yuan (THE JADE FACED ASSASSIN). Each uses a different weapon in battle, with Yueh Hua favoring a metal ring with sharp edges that doubles as a hat, Lo Lieh wielding a black whip, and Chin Han swinging a blacksmith's hammer, to name three. (The villains also have unusual weapons.)  The simple plot has no room for the moral complexity, emotional interactions and conflicts of loyalty you'd get in a Chang Cheh epic from that period (e.g. THE DUEL, BLOOD BROTHERS). Here the good guys and bad guys are all clearly marked and the script sets them in motion against each other with unabashed regularity. The film was directed by Lo Wei, who worked regularly at both Shaw Bros. and Golden Harvest and made Bruce Lee's first two starring films. The action directors are listed as Hsu Erh Niu and Chu Yuan Lung, better known, respectively, as Simon Hsu and Sammo Hung. Mr. Hsu is one of the unsung geniuses behind Shaw Bros. swordplay movies of the late 1960s and early 1970s and his work can be seen in quite a few above-average entries in the genre, including THE SHADOW WHIP, DUEL FOR GOLD, BLACK TAVERN and FLYING GUILLOTINE. Mr. Hung, of course, went on to become a major director and star of Hong Kong action movies in his own right, co-starring frequently with Jackie Chan, and he continues to direct action scenes in Hong Kong movies (including IP MAN and IP MAN 2). He plays a small, but noticeable fighting role in this film as a guard working for one of the brothers when their caravan is attacked by the bad guys.  The only problem I have with the Blu-ray is the blurriness of the image whenever there's a long panning shot by the camera, a move favored in many old Shaw Bros. movies. I suspect that this would not be such a problem in an analog format, although I don't have a 35mm film print or VHS copy of BROTHERS FIVE with which to compare.
 Let's clear this from the start
 Dispite some people's opinions, G Gundam is a good anime series.  If you're a Gundam fan and watch the show because of its military theme, this show might not be for you.  In its own right it is still a great show, its just not the Gundam we're all used to.  I suggest getting the whole series, or a box set or something.  Buying only one DVD may leave you wanting for more.  This show is an older anime series (older meaning mid 1990s and earlier and lacking digital enhancement etc.), so the animation is not as sharp as some of the newer ones.  The great thing about G Gundam is that it personifies the gundams.  Each fighter has his own style, and because of a piloting system (which blows the ones used in other Gundam series away), the mobile suits effectively embody the fighters themselves.  These gundams also do more than those in other gundam shows because they can move any way the fighter can.  !CAUTION!  What I say here might offend DBZ fans
 The Yellow Sea is a South Korean thriller. Gu-Nam is given the opportunity to clear his debt by killing a man in South Korea; a chain of unfortunate events occur that leave Gu-Nam as the target.  The Yellow Sea starts off with a slow pace for the first hour. It's not dreadfully slow, but I think it's a bit slower than you'd expect if you're a fan of The Chaser. I loved the chase scenes in this film, the scale of them were significantly upgraded; whether Gu-Nam is being chase by dozens of police officers and several police cars at the same time or being chased by several thugs with knives and hatchets, the chase scenes were exhilarating and the definition of "edge-of-your-seat". The story is a lot deeper than what I mentioned previously, but I don't want to spoil anything. It really has amazing ending that breaks away from the Hollywood formula. The acting was brilliant, direction was great, and the music was amazing (the song at the credits was amazing; I sat through the credits just to listen to it!)  I feel obligated to comment on the cut/uncut issues in this film. I have not seen the original full-length version and do not appreciate Fox International Productions cutting so much from this film. It messes with the filmmakers true vision and it shouldn't be acceptable (that is if they made these edits without the director's permission). But, this does not completely destroy the film. Also, another reviewer mentioned something about the movie feeling like it was cut from NC-17 to PG-13, again feel to obligated to mention, you should not watch this with anyone under 17; there are alot of bloody knife/hatchet fights and plenty of full nudity sex scenes to justify an R rating (although a bit exaggerated, I understand where the reviewer is coming from, it shouldn't have been cut in the first place). I only dropped the score 1 star because of the cuts, I personally don't feel like it's a 1 star movie. I would love to see the raw film, though.  Overall, I highly recommend The Yellow Sea. It's another wonderful film from South Korea. As of 9/3/12, the cut version is available on Netflix Streaming.  This film has strong violence and blood, it also has multiple sex scenes and nudity (the sex scenes are vivid).  *I originally posted this review on the DVD version of this film.
 <a href="http
 Despite the film's division into two parts, I think the Chushingura is best understood as a complicated story told in three acts. The first act, culminating in the seppuku of Lord Asano, details the conflict between the young lord and Kira, the Shogun's master of ceremonies, and is, in my opinion, the most interesting as it unfolds logically, tragically, and inevitably towards the spilling of blood in the Shogun's castle.  Asano and Kira, at least in this stage of the film, are fully realized and three-dimensional characters, and their conflict can be understood on several levels
 Based on actual events, the story of the loyal 47 ronin is probably the most dramatized story in Japanese theatrical tradition. Appearing originally as a bunraku puppet play, it was soon followed by a fantastically successful Kabuki adaptations and more than eight cinematic versions.  Its enduring popularity is based on the core Japanese values it represents; loyalty to a superior, at the cost of all things including life, love and personal happiness.  Like the Western King Arthur and Robin Hood, the 47 ronin have passed from history to legend.  This version, "Chushingura (Full Japanese title is "Chushingura
 This is one of the best movies about samurais anywhere and provides a masterful telling of the 47 ronin story.  It is a shame that the dvd picture quality does not do the movie justice.  The movie deserves a good print and this is not it.  You'd think for the price Image Entertainment would do better.
 "Chushingura, which translates into the word loyalty, is a different kind of samurai film. First, and foremost, it is mainly a drama that unfolds into two parts. Directed by Hiroshi Inagaki, the films deals primarily with loyalty. And in specific, loyalty to ones Lord. In Part I, titled "Blossoms the viewer is introduced to the films first protagonist  named Lord Asano (Yuzo Kayami). Lord Asano is an honorable man, however, during the Tokugawa era, bribery and corruption were part and parcel of the function of the state. Which introduces us to the films antagonist, Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa). Lord Asano belongs to those class of samurai who do not believe in the giving of gifts for advancement. However, there are others within the state which believe it is their right to claim gifts as a right of one position that permeated the state of affairs in the Tokugawa era.  Therefore, this will lead to a confrontation between Lord Asano and Lord Kira. It was forbidden to draw ones sword in the Shoguns castle, and when Lord Asano does so due to the egging of Lord Kira, he will be forced to commit Seppuku (ritual suicide). But more importantly, his clan will be dissolved and his vassals will become ronin (Masterless Samurai). It is here that loyalty is the heart of this films narrative. On the cover of the DVD, one can see the portrait of actor Toshiro Mifune, who portrays the character Tawaraboshi, who excels in the use of the lance. However, his part in the film, although important, is very small, as is that of the great actor Takashi Shimura. The primary protagonist is aptly portrayed by actor Koshiro Matsumoto, as Lord Asano's Chamberlain. It is at his urging that the clan, which has now been dissolved, set into motion plans to kill Lord Kira, whom they believe was the fault for their Lord's death and their clans demise. I really liked his character in the film quite a bit, and believe his performance carried the film. As well as the degenerate and deceitful character of Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa)  As I mentioned in the beginning, the film falls into two parts. Part I titled BLOSSOMS and Part II titled SNOW. The film is very long, and it is more of a drama, in which the climax of the film is where ALL of the action is. However, I do like this film quite a lot. The film requires patience, and while it does drag in the middle part, CHUSHINGURA is nonetheless a film that you might want to add to you cinema collection. The cinematography of this 1962 classic is stellar, as the visuals only add to the beauty of this particular film. And once again, this is more of a drama based Samurai film, with more political intrigue of how the 47 ronin are setting into motion the events which will manifest itself in the ending. This is an excellent film, in which the DVD needs to be redone befitting this truly great samurai film.  The story of the legendary 47 loyal samurai, who are now masterless [ronin] due to the treachery which led to their master Lord Asano's ritual suicide during the Tokugawa era is well known in Japan. The films story progresses in different phases showing the confrontation and differences between Lord Asano and Kira. Further, after Asano's death, and time begins to elapse, these 47 ronin set out to avenge their former masters death. Part of their code of honor. The film at times seems long, however it is rich in its thematic structure and the cinematography is beautiful. Plus the viewer is able to follow how the pacification of Japan, in contrast to the samurai code of honor during the Tokugawa shogunate altered the status of the samurai. Times were changing, yet the samurai had a code which was at odds with these changing times. The intense and famous battle in the snow is very good. As I wrote in the beginning, the film is great, however, the DVD does need an upgrade. It is well worth the purchase. Rent it first to see if it appeals to you. I found the film highly enjoyable and a welcome addition to my film library. Highly recommended. [Stars
 Chushingura is not for the casual viewer of Japanese film. Directed by Inagaki (who did the Samurai Trilogy aka Musashi), the film is not only slow-paced but almost impenetrably dense... and neither of those adjectives is a complaint. The original bunraku (puppet) and Kabuki versions are 8 hours long, I think, and Inagaki tries to condense that into 3.5 hours. I'm not sure he succeeds, and even if he did, Western audiences are at a huge disadvantage, because the story is as familiar to Japanese audiences as the Nativity is to the average Westerner, so a few sentences can reference an entire sequence of events.  For Westerners, the other problem will be that the focus is on the story, at the expense of individual characters. Kurosawa is much more Western in his characterizations. We get a strong sense of the individual in his films, whether it's Sanjuro (Mifune's ronin in Yojimbo) or a rather silly adolescent would-be "gambler with about two minutes on screen. In Chushingura, we are overwhelmed with unfamiliar actors playing characters who mean almost nothing to us, characters with inner lives we can only presume. There is a point at the end where you will realize that what you thought was one love story was in fact two, involving four different people with a more than casual resemblance to each other. A major character (Sampei) appears almost as a background figure four or five times before we grasp his importance. Another major character simply disappears from the plot, his story unfinished. Toshiro Mifune's role is a source of total puzzlement until he takes a unique role in the last battle.  That said, the movie is a visual delight. The colors are breathtaking; the rendering of feudal Japanese values is lucid, and the climactic battle has some of the best swordplay I've ever seen. A nameless samurai appears once in the film, for about five minutes of fighting that suggests he may have been the equal of the incomparable Musashi. Like The Samurai Trilogy (and the Yoshikawa novel it's based on), this film is uncompromisingly Japanese. It is not a great film, but a very good one, and a unique experience.
 Hiroshi Inagaki let his success as a tour guide smother his instincts as a story teller in this "epic account of feudal Japan. I saw it decades ago, and I vaguely recall being impressed by its scope and even more by the 'samurai aesthetic' it depicted. It may even have influenced my decision to study Japanese and live in Japan for a year. It certainly covered the ground
 My husband and I were eagerly anticipating THE NOMI SONG, Andrew Horn's by-turns witty and poignant documentary about Klaus Nomi, the German singer/performance artist with the multi-octave range who took New York and then the world by storm for a brief, exciting period in the late 1970s and '80s.  Nomi, with his outer space alien persona, was so avant-garde that even the avant-garde set wasn't quite sure what to make of him, but loved him all the same before his tragic death from AIDS (this was back when AIDS was still new and scary and known as "gay cancer").  Our 8-year-old daughter liked Nomi's "high, high voice and kooky costumes.  We adults liked the interviews with Ann Magnuson and other scene-makers from the era, as well as the chance to see such rarities as Nomi's 1979 performance with David Bowie on SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE (which I remember seeing during its live broadcast back in the day).  THE NOMI SONG also sports a treasure trove of DVD extras, including full-length musical performances, an Easter Egg feature for part-time pastry chef Nomi's lime tart recipe, and Lou Christie talking enthusiastically about Nomi's cover of his classic "Lightning Strikes Again (Christie kinda starts talking about himself, too, but it's interesting and endearing).  If you like 1980s New Wave music and all things offbeat, THE NOMI SONG is well worth seeking out.
 Don't say you're not interested in Klaus Nomi.  If you never heard of him, it doesn't matter.  If you want to hear something unique and extraordinary, here's Nomi, whose genre-defying, mind-bending mixture of styles is simply captivating.  And here's a documentary about his tragic short life, which itself is as captivating as his songs.  Born Klaus Sperber in Germany, Nomi became part of New Wave movement in New York in the late 70s.  And his eccentric style is still amazing to see.  Tightly clad in the bizarre costumes coming directly from grade-B sci-fi films with completely white-wasked face, Nomi appears as if giving an oracle, and when he starts to sing, what a song!  His is curious blend of pop and opera with beautiful falsetto.  He is literally a singing alien.  This documentary consists of the interviews with those how knew Nomi. What is revealed here may not be surprising to the viewers who have some knowledge about Nomi, but to the people like me, who are interested in the 70-80s, the comments and footages about him and the surrounding NY club scenes are still precious.  Sure, most of the footages are private films with bad image and sound quality, but they still vividly bring the feeling of the times to life.  Probably the most interesting moment in the film would be the song of David Bowie on Saturaday Night Live in 1979, in which Klaus Nomi appears one of the backsingers.  Clearly this is, or should be, the turning of Nomi's career, and after this point, many interviewees, quite honest about Nomi's complex personality, are not always kind to his behaviors.  Though Nomi is gone forever, his originality can be still felt if you watch the film.  With the lack of some materials (for instance, Bowie or the artists in Japan who briefly worked with him), and with less than satisfactory comments from Nomi himself, 'The Nomi Song' may not be as incisive as it should be, but still intriguing even for non-fans of Nomi.  Watch this, and buy his CDs if you want something very different.
 A movie about Nomi seemed like an impossible idea that only occurred during one of my daydreaming sessions. But yeah, here it is, called The Nomi Song, and neatly packed with an incredible amount of footage and home videos of Nomi which certainly satisfy my increasing frustration of the lack of video materials of Nomi available to the public. The story of Nomi is about extremity - a man who tries too hard to make his ideas come true, that he burns out so bright and fast before we are able to perceive what just happens. His life and music serve a strong influence to who I am today, and Nomi's firm desire and determination to exploit his creativity and become famous, that eventually led him to a situation where few people are willing to be in, always fascinates me that I ponder if I should burn my creativity like he did and if I have the gut to go to where he once had been.
 This is a loveling crafted portrait of Klaus Nomi and the New york art scene in the 80's. I absolutly recomend it for both those who want to discover or remember. My only objection is not enough K. N. full performances or videos clips in the extras (only 3), otherwise them that buy it!
 While I've always thought the actual music of Klaus Nomi is an acquired taste, there's no denying the influencial impact of his image/persona - and THE NOMI SONG captures this very well indeed, along with a poignant snapshot of a New York art/music scene that is, alas, no more - has it really been over two decades?  I was a kid when I was Klaus perform with Bowie on SNL, and it's really one of the most memorable performances on TV ever - but while the wealth of archive footage is amazing and absorbing, I really think the film suffers from a lack of key interviews, i.e. WHERE is back-up singer/dancer/collaborator JOEY ARIAS?  Certainly Arias is still workin' it in NYC with WIGSTOCK, etc and couldn't he have been approached to lend his insight into working so closely with Nomi on his stage show? Also, I really missed having even a brief interview with BOWIE - what did he see in Nomi to give him his big break that transformed his entire career? Aside from this, it's nice seeing all the "old faces again - and I hope this film at least re-energizes interest in Nomi.  However, I do pity the guy who got ripped off by RCA for stealing his songs on Nomi's LPs and never giving him royalties and/or credit?  That's just RAW.
 I recently became aware of Klaus Nomi and decided to order this DVD. I enjoyed it very much, and found it sad that his talent was overshadowed by his quirky look. He really was amazing and creative. I love that he was also a fabulous pastry chef!  Video shows many live performances and interviews with friends.  Good stuff.
 He truly was ahead of his time and gone too soon.  A mix of pop,new wave, opera and classical stylings that we have not seen since.  He needs to be seen as well as heard and I recommend this DVD if you already love him or want to know more about him.
 This is such a great film.  I am now addicted to Klaus.  THANKS ALOT!  I love the way they interview his Aunt and have a little cut out for her. The extra features are great too, especially the "Lime Tart recipe.  You must own this now!
 First off, let me say that this is definitely not one of the best Power Ranger series to date. Next, I have to say that this is admittedly a lot of fun. "Ninja Storm is a lot more light-hearted and funnier than the previous darker, more mature shows such as "Space or "Time Force, for that matter. Three misfit students from a ninja academy - Shane, the skateboarder guy (Pua Magasiva); Dustin the motocross guy (Glenn MacMillan) and Tori, the surfer loving gal (Sally Martin) are picked to be Power Rangers when the academy is destroyed by Lothor (Grant MacFarland) and his minions, who want to take over the Earth. They then use their powers to combat them, and are later joined by two new Rangers, the Crimson and Navy Thunder Rangers. Once you realize that this is mostly silly fun, "Ninja Storm is quite likeable. The script is bouncy, well-written, and quite funny (much like seasons one and two of "Mighty Morphin"), and the actors seem to have a lot of fun while doing this, and their enthusiam is quite infectious. The first "Ninja Storm DVD includes the first three episodes; "Prelude to a Storm, "There's No 'I' in Team, and "Beauty and the Beach. It's in it's original television format, has a cool interactive menu - unlike "Ultimate Rangers - and the picture and audio quality on the DVD outsurpasses those on the "Ultimate Rangers DVD. Sadly, there is no extras on the first PRNS DVD (unless you count an ABC Family ad for "Ninja Storm"), but overall the DVD is a better one than "Ultimate Rangers".  Highly recommended.
 I like this season. Its certainly better than the last few seasons, which were overly childish and hokey. This season is using more realistic ponits of view, with characters that aren't "model citizens (ex
 One of the reviewers states that the soap opera is not all chopped up. Rubi on DVD is edited and the often boring subplots are gone from this DVD version. Since some of the scenes are omitted there are some scenes that comment on action that has been editted out of this DVD collections. However, most of the major scenes are there.
 There are some shows that are great because they are meant for families, SCI FI fans, Western lovers, etc. Rubi is great because it is perfect at it's goal of pulling in the viewer and not letting go until the last Rubi-filled scene.  Barbara Mori is probably one of the most beautiful women God ever created and she fits well into her part as the vivacious Rubi. The ladies will have plenty of fun with the leading men as well. But this show is about Rubi, everyone else is mainly there to support her.  You do not need to understand Spanish to follow the plot. It is subtitled in English but that is not needed either really. The characters come off the screen and grab you and the story follows along well.  Rubi is a sinful treat that you will enjoy. I watched it with my wife and we had a ball. If Babrabra Mori needs a handsome Gringo for a stand-in I am available.
 Rubi was very interesting. I really liked Eduardo Santamarina , who played the Dr. Aleandro. He is an excellent actor. Everyone in the novela was good, however , Barbara Mori is not a great actress. Her character is never really developed , other than she's a gold digger. I felt let down at the end, she deserved something really bad for all the things she did. It's not a good ending.  But her character is so evil , sh's so bad, it's sort of funny. But I really love the scene near the finale, when Aleandro tells Rubi he's in love with Maribel, and tells Rubi he's never going back to her ever. Rubi was overall very enjoyable for me . I really love Yadhira Carillo, she was awesome!
 Una novela muy bonita ,pero el final esta inconcluso y no me gusto para nada.
 Me gusto la Edicion del Dvd, la verdad es que esta bien editado, y tiene mucha coherencia. Lo que no me gusto fue que le sacaron el tema de Reyli, La Descarada y pusieron otro que se llama Mala Mujer, pero esta bien, dentro de todo, no es mala la cancion, pero no tiene la Original. Despues note que la Musicalizacion no es la misma que la de la Transmision Televisiva. Los Extras son Muy Buenos, Contiene Bloopers y El Especial de Rubi contado por su sobrina y Loreto, aunque la parte final queda inconclusa. Tiene una Duracion de Mas de 780 Minutos y la Presentacion, la Portada y el Dise&ntilde;o esta Muy Lindo!!!
 It was pleasant to watch. It had lots of parts cut.  Pretty much all interesting parts were there.  Nice extras like bloopers.  Blopper very short I wished it had lots more bloopers.  Pretty happy.  I watched it twice on tv and dvd is decently close.
 The soap opera Rubi started so good, it was so quickly that in every episode you can see something exciting, unfortunately, with the huge succes of the soap opera Televisa ordered more episodes and there's when we had the problem, When we start to see the beginning of the end
 I've loved this soap opera since it came out some years ago. the fact that the main character is a beautiful and evil woman-instead of those poor girls who suffer and suffer eternally, you know, the usual main characters in soaps- caught my attention.  Although there are many scenes which don't appear on this 700-minute edition, you can easily understand why Rubi is so evil. I love her, and I love this edition. I would love them to release a full edition, with all the episodes! Barbara Mori is so hot! Every time she's on screen she makes me feel something, even though I'm not straight!
 it was good though you could tell some parts were missing. Apart from that I spent two straight days watching it and decided it was about time I take some spanish classes
 I love this TV novela! Rubi is evil, fun, beautiful. It's a very interesting story and I can say that it surpasses the original soap opera from the 1960s! the actors are incredible. Arturo Santamarina is so handsome! The edit is excellent too, great job!
 After watching dvd I was a little disapointed. This a good story but when they were editing they missed a lot of the what makes the main character do the things she does. I used to watch the series. When Rubi moved to Cancun there were a lot of real good outdoor shots they cut out. There wasn't enough good shots of surporting characters. I mean were at the beach! I would like the bonus material to be a lot more interesting. I think the production company rushed to get it out. Too bad if the ending was done right their could have been a sequel or two. Barbra Mori is going to be type cast in the future aka Rubi. (what a francise this could have been)
 I did not receive the 3rd double-sided CD for RUBI.... can someone make me a copy and please send it to me???
 "Manhunter seemed familiar, then I realized it was the original version of "Red Dragon the prequel to "Silence of the Lambs.  This version was made in 1986 and the first to feature Hannibal Lecter.  This is an almost forgotten movie, and I was surprised to find that Lecter (spelled "Lecktor in this version) had a very small part.  The plot involves a former FBI Agent, Will Graham (William Petersen) who returns to action to hunt down a serial killer.  Graham retired after catching Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox) and subsequently suffered a nervous breakdown.  His skill is an uncanny ability to get inside psychopaths' minds and solving crimes.  He is talked into helping the FBI again, although his sanity is fragile.  Graham does not want to see anymore mass murdered families and he can tell this serial killer is insane and determined.  The full moon and mirrors are the killer's initial clues.  This is an engrossing cat and mouse game that is riveting and well done.
 William Petersen, Brian Cox, Dennis Farina, Joan Allen and Tom Noonan star in Michael Mann's 1986 thriller based on the novel, "Red Dragon. A Retired FBI agent is sent to find  a killer. This comes 5 years before "Silence of the Lambs featuring Hannibal. It's definitely one of Mann's best that's very underrated and so is Brian's great performance as the original Hannibal. William and Tom are also great and I think they should've kept Tom's scenes with the tattoos. This dvd not only has good picture and sound, but the theatrical cut with Graham's restored missing dialogue and the trailer. I highly recommend this dvd because it's the best version.
 This film, Manhunter, is much better than its re-make--"Red Dragon"(?) with Edward Norton in the lead role.
 Although I have alot of respect for Sir Anthony Hopkins, I don't like his series of the Lector movies.  That's because they are "movies".  The difference between a movie and film is guality.  Movies can be exciting and have actors who can and cannot act in them.  Films are different.  They have good writing, directing, editing and acting.  Sir Anthony did his best, but one or two strong actors can do so much.  SoTL and Hannibal became horror movies instead of thrillers.  Of the players in these horror movies, I can only remember Sir Anthony and Jodie Foster.   With several relatively unknown actors and a TV director
 Based upon the wonderful, well written novel "Red Dragon by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox.  The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast.  This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal "In A Gadda Da Vita could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
 This is a great Michael Mann Film. It carries the same cinematography as Thief(1981). This one he uses his Miami Vice style sets and backdrops to create an interesting scary environment. William Peterson is a detective who consults back and forth with Hannibal Lecter(who is played brilliantly by Brian Cox) to help find another serial killer in the Florida area. He does help him and with the CrimeStory legend Dennis Farina who is assisting him as a cop on the trail of the same killer. The vicious killer is played by Tom Noonan who is great in this role and fits the character in Thomas Harris' book as well. They show different sides to him before Peterson comes close to catching him. A wonderful suspense thriller with interesting Rock Scores. Directed by Michael Mann William Peterson, Tom Noonan, Brian Cox, Joan Allen and Dennis Farina
 Let me start by saying this film, "Manhunter", is a fairly good adaptation of the book. Brian Cox portrays a mellower Hannibal Lecktor (as spelled in the ending credits, if I recall correctly). His performance is good, energetic, and he has the perfect face for an antagonist. His evil, however, does not show that much in this film, therefore he is not that scary, in my opinion. Obviously, he's killed people, and obviously his insanity comes back to haunt the semi-retired detective Will Graham, but I don't have any recollection of explanation about Hannibal's cannibalistic murders. Since we don't know much about the character, he is less scary, regardless of Brian Cox's good performance. Don't get me wrong; Hannibal is still really awesome in this movie! Will Graham, I thought, was portrayed well. He's haunted by his past with Dr. Lecktor, and now, working on this case again, he is disturbed because he must dig deep within the mind of the serial killer who is on the loose in order to figure out the mystery. The main problem that sticks out in this movie is the serial killer, Francis Dolarhyde, the Red Dragon. He is played well, but we don't have a real sense of his psyche. There isn't much explanation as to why he is brutally murdering people. And, his admiration of the Red Dragon painting is only mentioned about once or twice throughout the movie. Aside from these flaws, "Manhunter is a well-made film, with some creepy images, and it is delightful entertainment. It's a strange, different thriller, that depends on implied violence rather than graphic violence. The problem with this is that we don't always get a full look into the horror of the story. Still, I'd recommend it, because it's fun to watch and see some of the little differences between this and the superior 2002 version "Red Dragon". Both are creepy and entertaining films.
 People call  The Silence of the Lambs  the  First One,  and   Hannibal  its sequel. Although 'Silence' is more consistent and probably has a better ending, I like this movie better in some ways. William Peterson plays an intense but monotonous Wil Graham. Forced out of retirement to find the killer of two families, Wil seeks the help of Hannibal Lector, played by Brian Cox. The plot is basically the same as Silence, although Cox doesn't have nearly as much screen time as Hopkins.  Wil tells his son that Lector killed women  in bad ways.  As opposed to good ways? Since it was directed by Miami Vice's Michael Mann, Dennis Farina plays Jack Crawford, with his midwestern accent intact. The role was taken over by Scott Glen in 'Silence.'  The first forty-minutes are perfect; gruesome crime scenes,  a strong plot, a wheelchair-bound body engulfed in flames. Unfortunately, I think the movie sags in places and eventually runs out of gas. It would be much better without the horrible 80's music.  In a Gadda da Vida  you can take or leave.  Another thing that bothers me is that they always have to make psycho killers superhuman. You have to shoot them 27 times for them to fall down. And Graham's semi-descent back to near insanity is unconvincing, almost cheesy.  Despite its flaws, it remains one of the best thrillers around. Most thrillers aren't very thrilling. I first saw it as an impressionable teenager, and it's impact hasn't diminished. I hear they are going to remake and update it. Should be interesting.
 Michael Mann's 'Manhunter (1986)' is heavily embedded in the (now) unfashionable 80's milieu. Personally, I have a soft spot for everything associated with the 80's
 as hannibal lecter  really good movie with huge re watch value, moreso than the silence of the lambs which this is the prequel of
 The set, the music and especially the actors and director are excellent.  It is the best of the movies done with the Hannibal Lecter character.
 This a a goo dmovie in the Hannible series I am so sick of people who try to fight with me about it saying that its not part of it because either A They have never heard of it B Won't give a shot or C Have never seen it yes it is a little slow in some parts but the ending of it more than makes up for it I have not seen this version as of yet I am looking for it now tho so come on give it a shot dont think that just because you have seen red dragon that this one sucks (Even tho they ARE the same movies) this one has something that red dragon does n't have what is I just dont know but if you try it you might just like it alot
 Michael Mann (Heat) directs this 1986 film based on Thomas Harris' Hannibal Lecter novels
 This was the original movie adaptation of Thomas Harris' "Red Dragon. With Peterson and Farina, this was a good movie, but under the direction of Michael Mann, the colors and scenes screamed "Miami Vice. This is not a bad thing, but if you saw "Silence of the Lambs first with its dark, foreboding colors, then this will seem as a shock. Hannibal Lector is not as spooky in a well-lit, white cell. The center of the story is the former FBI agent who is brought back to find the newest psychopathic, serial killer, the Tooth Fairy. He must get into the mindset of the killer to stop him. This has happened before when he caught Dr. Lector. From that episode, he had trouble getting out of the mindset. Throughout the movie, you see him fighting to maintain who he is. It is a good movie. I would recommend seeing this before seeing the new movie "Red Dragon. I reviewed the VHS of this movie a long time ago (see review in this section), but the versions in this 2-disc set are different still.  One version, the one I've always considered the definitive version, is the one on LaserDisc and also for rent on VHS in video stores.  Version 2 is the crappy-transfer copy in this DVD set.  It looks like the opening titles were time-compressed into the first scene, and the picture quality is shoddy at best.  Version 3 is the Director's Cut.  The picture is clear and beautiful, but some interesting dialog sequences were cut out.  And Version 3 has added a scene with Graham and his wife about 2/3 into the film that interrupts the tempo of the film.  Skip Version 2 except for the fact that it offers some alternate takes and alternate scenes.  The picture quality is so bad it is insulting.  Version 3 looks GREAT, but Version 1, the version long available on VHS and LaserDisc, is the best version narratively.  I'm glad I own the DVD set, but when I want to watch this movie again I will always view the splendid LaserDisc version instead of the DVD.
 I think this is a pretty good movie -- I return to it to watch again every once in a while.  It's not perfect, but I think that Brian Cox is an excellent Hannibal Lector, and I think Peterson is very compelling in this role. I think Tom Noonan does a good job of showing a serial killer's human side.
 I like the Masterpiece Theater style crime stories.  This one is in that style. It focuses on the stress of the investigation and the interaction of the characters. It was not too horrific or over the top.
 Early William Peterson worth checking out. Another great story from Thomas Harris. Worth seeing even if you saw the later remake "Red Dragon with Edward Norton in the same role. There are parts of each I prefer over the other, so they compliment each other very well. You can decide for yourself which you see as being more true to the feel of the book.
 The first episode of Doctor Lecter, before "The Silence of the Lamb and "Hannibal". The Doctor is already in prison and he is already playing from there with some serial killers and the FBI. But the book is slightly still in construction, and the film is too. We do have the serial killer, and the new technique of profiling. But it is still not entirely squared out. The FBI man is still relying on his instinct, his sixth sense, his intuition, his inner eye to understand the feelings and the thoughts of the killer and capture him by being able to foresee what he is going to do. But that paranormal element is not convincing, though it is commonly used in some detective TV series. Thomas Harris is going to get to real profiling only in the next volume. Even the great visionary power of Doctor Lecter will become the unavoidable logic of the mind, of the psyche, of the deranged mental power of the insane doctor only then. He is a genius in his psychiatric field and his derangement gives him the capability to know no limits. But that is still to come. Here though Thomas Harris settles some accounts with journalists and has one burnt alive. He also settles some revenge with story telling and twists the story line in some unforeseen ways now and then. These moments are magic in a way since they are unexplained and they restart the dynamic of the tale that could have become humdrum. The story seems to settle some accounts with a couple of commonplace if not trite ideas. The whole logic of the killer is to think that his being seen over and over again by a women during the last five minutes of their lives as if their eyes were silver mirrors would lead him to be loved and to come to terms with his desire to kill. His last victim actually loves him in a way and/but she is blind. She loves him because she is blind and he kills her out of no reason and she will not be able to "see him when she dies. Of course that victim will survive because our FBI man-hunter will come into the picture unannounced. Thomas Harris also deals with the idea that all serial killers were boys who were mistreated when children, probably by their parents, even more probably somewhere by their mothers. That kind of a clich&eacute; is so simple that it does not sound true nor serious, some kind of a joke, maybe a big wink with a grin at the nasty and dirty mind of the reader. But this clich&eacute; will be present in absolutely all the Doctor Lecter books, in a way or another. In this case it is really superficial. It is interesting to see, after reading it, this first episode in the story of Doctor Lecter, first episode as it came out of the mind of its author because we can see and feel the genetic dimension of the saga, because it was to become a saga and today it even has become a cultish trip into criminal insanity.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
 An FBI agent William Graham (William L. Petersen) comes out of retirement to examine a set of bizarre murders of families. These murders are suspected to have been the work of notorious serial killer known as The Tooth Fairy. Interested enough by the case, Graham makes use of profiling, or tries to think exactly like the killer in order to gain clues regarding his various whereabouts. He consults the incarcerated psychopathic psychiatrist that put him into retirement through near-fatal violence, Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox), for further clues. Graham is put into considerable danger when Lecktor warns The Tooth Fairy via phone of the case. It is only a matter of time before The Tooth Fairy will create another victim.  Complicated, well acted, and absorbing, Manhunter is an original thriller that focuses on the unique psychological struggle to catch a heinous criminal.  Note
 Creepy and intense is what the book's author and the movie's director must have been going for, and do they ever deliver! Forget trying to compare this Lector to later versions, just get into the tale.  Watching Graham get into the mindset, seeing the detection methods, looking at the Tooth Fairy's pursuit of his next  victim  starting as something relatively benign and ending as nothing but.... it is all very gripping. If you like suspense, and good versus evil, and want to enjoy the ride, this is for you.
 Stylish crime thriller about a gifted FBI agent brought out of retirement to capture an elusive serial killer.  Manhunter  is most well known as the prequel to  Silence of the Lambs,  with the infamous character  Hannibal Lector  appearing in both films. The stories are linked in that Agent Graham, portrayed by William Peterson, is the FBI agent who captured Hannibal and consults with the deranged doctor to gain insight on a new killer nicknamed the  Tooth Fairy.   High point of the film is Tom Noonan who portrays the serial killer; his performance is remarkable and arguably makes this feature as good as  Silence of the Lambs.   I personally prefer it over the recent  Red Dragon  remake.  William Peterson's recent success in 'CSI' has probably renewed movie buffs' interest in this feature.  The twin disk set
 Michael Mann prefers to make a non-splatter film but to conduct a game of chess between life and death.Will Graham vs Hannibal Lektor
 MANHUNTER was a flop when it was released in the mid-1980s, but has enjoyed a much-deserved renaissance in the past few years with the box office success of HANNIBAL and SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.  And now, finally, it has been released on DVD for a second chance with audiences. The debate rages on as to whether MANHUNTER is the best of the trilogy, and you can read numerous postings below about this.  Personally, I think MANHUNTER is superior because it deals with the detailed investigation of horrific crimes versus the crimes themselves, its villain is much more terrifying because he's portrayed with more humanity, and the tone overall is creepy and serious versus horrific and campy. If you're seeing MANHUNTER for the first time and are a fan of the other two films, be forewarned that
 This is a highly entertaining, suspenseful, intelligent serial-killer movie. As you know, it's based on the Thomas Harris novel "Red Dragon", which was the "prequel to "Silence of the Lambs".  The plot involves FBI agent Will Graham, excellently portrayed by Will Petersen, who attempts to catch a warped (aren't they all?) serial killer nicknamed "The Tooth Fairy". For help, he consults Hannibal Lecter, portrayed by Englishman Brian Cox, who is institutionalized. Eventually, of course, he figures out the clues left by the killer and meets up with him in a dramatic, thrilling end scene.  The cinematography and the images are beautiful. The music, while disturbing, is perfect for the film. Tom Noonan plays the "Tooth Fairy", and does a great job of portraying a psychotic killer. He even injects some humanity/sympathy into the role, making it all the more fascinating to watch. I did not find Hannibal Lecter "scary or even creepy, for some reason. Interesting, of course, and a great foil for our hero.  Better than "Silence of the Lambs"? Not sure. But it is undoubtedly a great movie, with top-notch acting, a creepy psycho, a likeable hero, and a thrilling ending. My only complaint is that the "red dragon symbol and its meaning to the killer was never fully explained (maybe it is in the book).
 I have always felt that Anthony Hopkins portrayal of Hannibal Lecter was superfluous and even campy, which is why I was sad to hear that Brian Cox would not accept the role in   Silence of the Lambs.  Nevertheless, I went to see  Red Dragon  this weekend with some friends and I was thoroughly disappointed. In my opinion  Manhunter  is the original  Red Dragon  and for its time a far better product than the new release. Anthony Hopkins is joke in my book, and he completely ruins the movie. He is the complete antithesis of what Harris had in mind for the literary character of the insane Dr Lecter. For those of you who want save some money and see the original  Red Dragon , I suggest that one purchase  Manhunter  before you see  Red Dragon.   The only thing I will say about  Red Dragon  was that the Cinematography was better (obviously due to technological advances in the last fourteen years), and the portrayal of the Red Dragon serial killer was a little better. But at the end of the day give me Brian Cox as Lecter and William Peterson as Agent Graham in  Manhunter  versus Hopkins and Norton in   Red Dragon.  Sad to say I love both Hopkins and Norton in other films.
 MANHUNTER (1986) was the film that really put Michael Mann (then of TV's mega-successful Miami Vice) on the cinematic map. Initially overlooked by most people upon release, it went on to cult video status before being cast into the spotlight due to the critical and commercial success of THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS (1991). In 1986, the films that were most popular were smart teen comedies like PRETTY IN PINK, intelligent adult comedies such as DOWN AND OUT IN BEVERLY HILLS and RUTHLESS PEOPLE, and brain-dead action fare a` la PREDATOR; therefore, a story-centered thriller that depended mainly on character development and gradual buildup of suspense just couldn't hope to find an audience at the time.  Fortunately, MANHUNTER has survived to become one of video's greatest success stories of all time. The film has a lyrical quality to it; it begins and ends in the same place, on the beach.  The first shot is taken at sunrise; the last shot is at sunset. The music is atmospheric, beautiful, and in its own subtle way, does more to help in the creation of suspense than the usual deafening action-film soundtracks.  Michael Mann's direction focuses more on people's faces to tell the story, rather than action and cheap shocks. There are a couple of *necessary* bloody scenes (after all, the plot concerns an FBI agent on the trail of a serial killer), but these are used to inform the brutality being depicted in the film, and do not exist for the sake of sensationalism.  The ending is very well-done; I particularly like the way Michael Mann incorporates the long version of the Iron Butterfly '60's classic "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida to build the suspense of this unforgettable climax. My only complaint is that they end the song slightly before it actually ends, therefore depriving us of the thrill of the final "da-da-dada-da-da-DA! Maybe they can fix this for another DVD release. 
 First of all, this is far better than 'Red Dragon,' the 2001 remake of this film.  Credit goes to Michael Man and William Petersen. Petersen's Will Graham is a much more damaged soul than the world realizes, and he is far underappreciate for his ability to convey intense emotion in the subtlest way.  He also nicely handles the fragile line that separates the Lecter's from the rest of the world, and how close we all are to becoming Lecter's. Mann is one of the best at conveying the poetry of urban life.  While this isn't as typical of his style, he does manage to turn some ordinary places into terrific visuals. This films Dollarhyde is also far more frightening.  When the climax reveals his identity, it chills you to realize how 'normal' he is. This film really does seem to work better for the story than the remake.  It's not a big-budget story, but definitely fares better for those who like for films to engage their minds.
 This is the film version of the first Thomas Harris novel to feature Hannibal Lecter, Red Dragon.  It involves an FBI agent Will Graham's (CSI's William Petersen) hunt for another serial killer, the  Tooth Fairy .  Graham is the only person ever to grapple with Lecter and live; and he gained a scar (and Lecter's respect) as a result.   The way Graham catches killers is by thinking like them.  This causes him no end of grief as he discovers things about himself.  The Lecter link is the same as in Silence of the Lambs, he simply gives clues to the agent to help him find the killer.   This is not a terrific film, but it is very good.  The mood is set from the beginning; even the romantic scenes with Graham and his wife are lit in blue to convey a certain "coldness.  Petersen is the star here and his performance hits all the right notes.  Graham portrays every common emotion and especially the uncommon ones, with great zeal.  He's really working here.  (In an interview he said that he had gone directly to another role, but still found himself "playing Graham.")  Tom Noonan gives a creepy, yet vulnerable, performance as Francis Dollarhyde, the "Tooth Fairy, and Brian Cox is sufficiently creepy as Lecter, although his acting is a different style than that of Anthony Hopkins (one tries not to compare the two, though it seems impossible given the circumstances), he still feels like the same character.  In addition, Joan Allen shows her extensive ability here in an early role as the blind co-worker/lover/victim of Dollarhyde.   My only complaint is that the film has a certain  TV  look and feel to it.   One thing is for certain
 I was suprised at how many people thought this was perfact from start to finsh. The tooth fairy(the killer) walking around like normal blasting away at the FBI? The final in the Slice of the Lambs! Now thats a great and spookey end, but I can't cut Manhunter down to much, because up until that point the is a masterpiece in thrillers. I'm still glad that I only rented this and did not buy it.
 Interesting prequel to 'The Silence of the lambs' and 'Hannibal'. 'Manhunter' is a dark thriller with some great acting and nice touches. Tom Noonan (Kain in 'RoboCop 2) is sinister as Francis, or known by the FBI as the 'Tooth Fairy' because he leaves bite marks in his victims skin. This film is very, if not too similar to 'Silence of the lambs' in the sense we have a somewhat maverick agent going after a nutter and ending in bloodshed. But 'Manhunter' can stand alone as a decent thriller worth watching. Brian Cox is wonderful as sophisticated psycho Hannibal Lecter (Spelt 'Lektor' in this film).
 I can't believe this film only recived 3 stars in theaters!  I think the film, effects, and acting are supurb!  And how about Brian Cox? He was a fasinating Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor, not Lector as it is in the  books and Silence of the Lambs) I think Brian Cox played Lector more how he  is potrayed in the book, The Red Dragon. I'm not saying Sr. Anthony Hopkins  didn't do a supurb job playing Lector in Silence of the Lambs...he did,  he's also my favorite actor, but I just pictured Brian Cox when I read all  3 books. The only complaint I have is the ending. I didn't think the ending  was as good as it could have been, I wish it would have ended more like the  book. I also wish that Lektor would have been in it a little more, like the  book, but still I was thrilled to find and watch this movie, I was so  surprised to find that most Silence of the Lambs fans knew nothing of  Manhunter...I love both movies and can't wait to see Hannibal...but I must  put my vote behind Manhunter. If you haven't seen it you don't know what  you're missing!  Oh...I was wondering...I keep hearing that this is not  the original movie and that the original is longer and more like the book,  but they dicontinued it. If that's true, does anyone know how to find it?
 I was going to try and talk about  Manhunter  without mentioning  Silence of the Lambs , but as someone once said, if you try not to think about elephants, all you can really think about are elephants.  And really, would I ever come near this movie if I didn't have a  Silence  fetish?  Probably not. The main difference between  Silence  and  Manhunter , from what I saw, is that in the former the chief investigator, who's also the chief victim in a way, was a woman.  There isn't the same sense of menace here, for we believe that protagonist Will Graham is more than capable of going mano a mano with the horror he is searching for.  Clarice Starling, for all her put-on gruff exterior, never gave us such confidence.  Which made her triumph that much more surprising.  And rather than being a psychological horror movie,  Manhunter  is a quaint little police procedural.  It focuses more on the work of the cops (a lot of which is done against the clock) rather than the mind of the serial killer. Director Michael Mann, who in 1986 was best known as the brawn behind  Miami Vice , has created another piece of work that is definitively of the 1980s.  Skinny ties, pastel coloured clothes, constant 5 o'clock shadows on the men, and bad perms for the ladies all make cameo appearances here.  It never steps into the realm of the comical, as many '80s movies now do, but can be somewhat distracting.  Also distracting is Mann's stylish use of his camera.  He has a tendency to frame his subject off-centre in the frame.  There is one telling moment where Will calls his wife, and their incongruous framing in the scene tells the audience that these two really aren't on the same page.  But there's one shot where Will tells his wife that he loves her, and they appear in their respective frames in exactly the same shot.  I liked this technique in this scene, but in other moments it became quite annoying
 Manhunter is a movie made in 1986. So it has all those little things that remind you of the 80's, which today might strike you as odd or funny. Observe the shorts that Graham wears when in Florida, or the sun glasses of his wife, or the song at the end titles...  Still, the movie, as the first installment of the Hannibal trilogy, is so much better when compared to the recent 'Red Dragon' flick, which retells the same story, with different actors and a different ending. The plot follows detective Graham (William Petersen) out of retirement, and asking for the help of Dr.Lector (Brian Cox) - he later became Dr. Lecter- whom he personally captured in the past, in order to catch a new serial-killer on the loose (Tom Noonan). I have to admit, seeing Brian Cox as the Hannibal made me feel strange at the beginning. For me, and many others, the role of Hannibal will unarguably be linked with a certain actor, called Anthony Hopkins. But if you manage to overcome this single shock, you will start realizing how 'Manhunter' succeeds in what 'Red Dragon' fails. To build a convincing atmosphere. For one thing, the acting is far superior in 'Manhunter'. In 'Red Dragon' there are cases where you feel that even the actors do not believe in their lines, which is a big waste if you take into account the superb cast. What about Dolarhyde? Ralph Fiennes in 'Red Dragon' does a good job. Yet in many cases you see that he is acting, or even, over-acting. Tom Noonan in 'Manhunter' is so natural in the same part. You can sense his inner struggle, without seeing it. There is also a scene where he holds a blind woman in his arms. His reactions, the movement of his hands, the way he lays his head upon her shoulder, clearly reveal his vulnerable and shy self. Furthermore, 'Red Dragon' decides to explain everything to the viewer as if the latter will be unable to understand by himself. It has to show us why Graham decided to retire early. In a sequence that vividly brings to mind Hitchcock's 'Psycho' it has to detail the roots of Dolarhyde's wounded psyche. It even attempts to loudly explain, through the words of Harvey Keitel, about the 'supernatural' charisma that detective Graham possesses, in order to justify the fact that he will later use it to solve the murder cases. 'Manhunter' on the other hand, does none of the above. All these facts, crucial for the development of the plot, are not explicitly stated. Rather than that, they are implied, and thus, the viewer has to discover them by himself, making the whole experience more fulfilling. As for the ending, 'Red Dragon' decides to go for the extra suspense, for the final fear. On the other hand, 'Manhunter' chooses a much simpler road. Many would probably argue that the former fits better with the rest of the movie. Still, in my opinion, 'Manhunter' does well even in this case, bringing the film to its natural ending. By the way, pay close attention to the music score. It's simply brilliant.
 Manhunter is a pretty good thriller and I found it a lot better than Silence of the Lambs, and MUCH better than Hannibal.  I heard that they're thinking of remaking Manhunter, I sincerely hope they don't, because it will most likely turn out to be a big disappointment like Hannibal.
 especially for fans of Michael Mann, and his stylish, intense film presentation.  If you absolutely must have your movies true to the book, or if you are watching Manhunter to try to get an early view of Hannibal Lecter (pre-Silence of the Lambs), you may be disappointed. Mann gives us William Petersen, a little younger and thinner, but much the same as his current role in the television feature  CSI .  He has nearly destroyed himself and his family life with his ability to profile serial killers, and his inability to stay out of harm's way.  The villain of this setting (and the book,  Red Dragon  by Thomas Harris) is called the  Tooth Fairy  and his slaughter of two families is particularly grisly; how and why he chose his victims will surprise you.  Mann's use of rock classics for the score, and his choice of actors for the parts of both villians are brilliant.  Although I prefer Anthony Hopkins, the Lecter role is played with brilliant understatement by Cox, an actor who can  ooze  madness and evil, and does so in this film.  Like many of the reviewers, I found only the original widescreen DVD, and not the 2 part Director's cut to demonstrate the excellence in this film. BRAVO, Michael Mann!
 Taken on its own merits, this is a pretty good movie. Michael Mann's direction is great, and his use of lighting and textures is impressive, and Brian Cox is in many ways far creepier than Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lechter. And the climactic sequence, set to  Inna Gadda Davida,  is sheer perfection in and of itself. My only complaint is with William Peterson, as FBI Agent Will Graham. Nothing personal, but Peterson couldn't act his way INTO a wet paper bag. A wooden cigar-store Indian would have been more convincing in the role. Nonetheless, a very good film and well worth seeing. It makes  Silence of the Lambs  make a lot more sense, and it is not a bad way to kill an evening.
 This is a very entertaining, disturbing and stylish thriller which preceded SILENCE OF THE LAMBS by a number of years and first introduced Hannibal Lecter to the cinema.  I first heard of MANHUNTER in a video store.  Strolling down the aisle I could hear the movie on the monitor, but couldn't see it.  The soundtrack and dialog alone gave me the willies, and the clerk was talking about how the movie kept her up at night.  I took the movie home and was treated to an exciting, suspenseful, and highly involving tale of the hunt for a ver-r-ry unpleasant serial killer nicknamed the Tooth Fairy.  William Petersen, an engaging and seasoned actor, plays a retired investigator who left the force after getting to close to such a criminal and getting viciously carved up for his trouble. His former boss, played by Dennis Farino, comes to see him one day with a plea for his help in finding a new serial murderer who is butchering whole families in their bedrooms.  Petersen reluctantly takes the case, visits the crime scenes and interviews an institutionalized madman named Hannibal Lecter, both to get the sick mind set back and to ask Hannibal for help with clues (much as the Jodi Foster character does in the later film).  The Petersen character's own post-traumatic stress makes his commitment all the more admirable as he helps the cops make headway toward an understanding of the twisted motives and methods of the new killer.   Enlisting the help of a tabloid journalist who meets his end in an exclusive visit with the deranged killer that I guarantee you'd never want to experience, Petersen finally connects with the killer only to realize that he may be too late to stop the next ugly stage of the rampage.   In an edge-of-your-seat extended climactic sequence that will have you appreciating the long version of  Inna-gadda-da-vida  in a whole new way, Petersen and some unfortunate cops finally bear down on the Tooth Fairy even as the serial killer crouches over his next victim like a huge spider.   Michael Mann has been a highly respected director since the 70s, directing James Caan in the star vehicle THIEF and inventing the high-style runaway hit MIAMI VICE on television.  This movie's dark and intimate style complements the story and works just fine, and all the cast is quite good.  Hannibal Lecter is a stand-out as played by Brian Cox, giving us two fine performances of the Lecter character to enjoy.  Cox's Lecter is just as cool and calculating, a mad genius who gets fan mail from the Tooth Fairy and plots to reveal the whereabouts of Petersen's family to him in return.  There is no need to take sides between SILENCE and MANHUNTER.  Thankfully, MANHUNTER is an excellent interpretation in its own right, and a worthy book end and enhancement to the fine job done on SILENCE.  In some ways, the Tooth Fairy is more gruesome and more fully rendered than Buffalo Bill, and Tom Noonan is absolutely creepy throughout, every bit as ghastly a villain as any I can remember, including the weirdo in the first DIRTY HARRY movie.   Never mind the small minority which doesn't get this film, and see it for yourself.  It is a compelling treat of a ride, and we are lucky to have this good a film companion to SILENCE. There would have been no special edition DVD with a director's cut and extended commentary if this were not a film appreciated by many.
 Scary, dark, moody and deep. This film SHOULD NOT BE REMADE. It was fine the way it is. Brian Cox's Lecter is just as creepy as Hopkins. Wm. Petersen is incredibly sympathetic and beliveble. This is a fine scary little film. Much more belivable than more recent productions.
 This film was made several years before SILENCE OF THE LAMB. The central character is not Hannibal Lector, but Will Graham (portrayed brilliantly by William Petersen); a FBI agent lured out of retirement to work on a special serial killer case.  The film is tainted by the decade in which it was made (late 1980s). However, the film also feels like an episode of "Miami Vice on speed which adds to the cat and mouse plot of the movie. The acting is better than average and the movie contains a rocking soundtrack. Nevertheless, Michael Mann seems more impressed with lighting and sound than he did with plot development and the film suffers as a result of it; often times instead of adding th the texture of the film, the lighting detracts. Overall, a decent murder detective movie with some really good acting and not too much gore.
 I won't get into the debate over whether this is a better film than it's 'sequels' or not.  But it's good enough to stand on its own merits, and in many ways, it is better than Silence of the Lambs (and definitely better than Hannibal) due to it's low-key charm and skill. I've heard they're planning to re-make it with Anthony Hopkins, giving it the big-budget treatment; that would be a mistake, because there's really nothing wrong with this film.  It eschews the violence of the sequels in favour of creating mood (something Michael Mann excels in), and while the serial killer in this film isn't as compelling as he could be, it's still very effective. Brian Cox does a great job portraying Lecter, and I for one would love to have seen him in subsequent film versions of Harris' books.  It may never happen, but this version is still here for all of us to enjoy.
 There are a series of problems with Manhunter.  Firstly, the acting is, in places, disappointing.  Petersen is occasionally unconvincing and his wife and son are dreadful.  Secondly, the script is flawed, as it often lacks spontaneity and realism.  Third, the film raises a series of interesting ideas that are tragically undeveloped - for instance, Lector's character and the Petersen's psychology - it failed to attempt an answer to some of the film's major issues.  The killer's character didn't work - he seemed far too frail and pathetic to have murdered two sets of children in cold blood - the dualism of tenderness and cold violence doesn't really come off.  The idea that the killer wants to become like God is also underdeveloped.  There is also a fundamental structural flaw - the tension accumulated before we meet the murderer is impressive - sadly, his arrival not only destroys the tension, but also the psychological enigma surrounding his behaviour.  His character is, to be frank, a disappointment and there is a general sense of bathos after his introduction. That said, the film has some serious pluspoints
 Based upon the wonderful, well written novel  Red Dragon  by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox. The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast.  This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal  In A Gadda Da Vita  could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
 Like many people who have seen "Silence of the Lambs, I didn't know of "Manhunter, the first in the series, and by far one of the best one. This film was not only far ahead of its time but also a fantastic bit film making (Michael Mann once again hits the spot) in every sense of the word. The plot is the now basic serial killer on the loose/ cop must stop him and save his next victim. However, there are some very original and brilliant inventions in this film that separates it from the rest.  William Petersen is the cop, Will Graham and brilliant he is at playing him. He plays his psychological torment smoothly but making it unnerving for us. Tom Nooman is quite brilliant and in that way I mean terrifying at `The Tooth Fairy', the killer of the story. (Be sure to note the "wings of blood under his arms after he has been shot and killed. This is, apparently, as close as he will get to becoming the "Red Dragon he believed he was metamorphasizing into.)  He's multi-layered and he makes you both hate and feel sorry for him. Brian Cox is Lector in this tale. I won't bother with comparisons between him and Hopkins, because they both play Lector differently. Full credit must go to Cox though, he doesn't need masks or camp one-liners to try and make him scary. He is scary, his eyes, the deceiving way he talks. This is acting, not prop work but Anthony is still Lector to me.  Sure, "Manhunter has weaknesses. Graham's acting is sporadic. The scenes where he is getting riled up at the as-yet-unknown killer are a bit weak. ("You son of a b****! You wanted them to watch, didn't you?") Also, as much as I enjoy Mann, it's probably too stylized for its own good. This is properly Mann's first masterpiece. The opening scene pans down from a blue sky to Graham and Crawford sitting on a branch on the sand. Freeze frame that. It is a perfect composition. A Vettriano image. This respect for composition is echoed through the movie. There are so many opportunities here to see the visual, the lighting, the camera all coming together. Yes, it is a 1980's pic. It was made in the 1980's and is a tribute to the look and feel of the time. He directs the film with so much skill and style. If I could get anyone to film night's scenes, it would be Mann. His night scenes (The Insider, Last of the Mohicans, Heat) are fantastic to look at and this is no exception and we get a lot of it as the film is mostly filmed at night. The screenplay is a cracker (again by Mann) and the music is class as well. For those who haven't seen this film should and for those who had see this again please.
 This first film version of Thomas Harris' novel "Red Dragon is, in a number of ways, the better of the two. Manhunter features somewhat less known, but by no means lesser, actors in the lead roles. A young William Peterson is, in my opinion, rather better than Edward Norton as FBI profiler Will Graham. It's something of a toss up between Manhunter's Dennis Farina and Red Dragon's Harvey Keitel in the Jack Crawford role. (All in all, I really liked Scott Glenn's portrayal best, but that was in a different part of the story.) Tom Noonan takes on the part of insane serial killer Francis Dollarhyde. I find that I prefer him to Ralph Fiennes, who was, among other problems, really too good looking for the part. Noonan has played a number of killers of varying stages of insanity during his career, but Dollarhyde is probably the capper. And, lastly, Brian Cox has the character of Hannibal Lector--the novel's Lector, not the later film version--down perfectly. It's a smaller part than in the more recent film, but Lector's part was smaller in the original novel as well.  Manhunter is, mostly, quite faithful to the novel. Given the limits of the film media, particularly regarding running time, a bit too much background material seems to be missing. I doubt that anyone could film this story exactly right in much under five hours. Noonan's makeup shows the effect of the character's surgically corrected cleft lip and palate, but it isn't really explained (though there are bits of dialogue that suggest it might have been before the film was edited). Some of Cox's lines as Lector are precisely the same as those spoken by Anthony Hopkins, which is to be expected as they are lifted straight from the novel.  The major departure from the novel is the ending. Again, I'd suspect running time may have been the culprit (and I doubt that anyone who hasn't read the novel will even notice, since the film's ending is effective enough). Filming the real ending might have been even more effective, but it would also have added at least another quarter hour to a two hour film. Blame the theatre owners for that--they don't like long movies because the length reduces the number of daily screenings.
 Michael Mann's major mistake in his making of this film was to change the name. How Red Dragon became Manhunter will be one of the great mysteries of all time. Mann did, though, write a creditable script and select a fine cast. What is, for me, the most significant aspect of the film is Brian Cox as Hannibal. Cox is a long-term, well-established member of the British theater community--a splendid actor (who often plays American in bash-em-up/shoot-em-up/blow-em-up US films). His scenes with FBI man Petersen (who has gone on to CSI fame, and deservedly so) are creepy and chilling. What Anthony Hopkins tries to accomplish with his over-the-top performances, Cox accomplishes in only a matter of minutes
 In Manhunter, Michael Mann's direction of the novel Red Dragon shows a far different approach to the Lecter-type characterization in the later terrorizing cinemas such as Silence of the Lambs-another one of Thomas Harris' novels-turned-movies. Though similar to the Silence of the Lambs in its format, it shows entirely different perspectives such as in the investigation by the FBI and in the character of the "insane Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor in this movie). The film's strongest points are in its direction and music score, which both add great depth to achieve the suspense and horror of Harris' original novel.  The story is about an ex-FBI agent Will Graham, played by William Petersen (from TV's "C.S.I."), being called back to duty to assist in finding the serial killer nicknamed "The Toothfairy", played by Tom Noonan. It is exposed that Graham has caught one of the other great serial killers, the former Psychiatrist Hannibal Lektor, played by Brian Cox, and can consult with Dr. Lektor for help. Given only nine days to complete his case, Graham has to quickly find this serial killer to save the lives of innocent people. Michael Mann's meticulous design of sets, even though the lack of money and current technology are obvious, portrays a beautiful light in every scene. The camera's off-tempo and staccato shifts match the story's suspense masterfully, and the overbearing power of certain colors-matched for their poignant significance to the scene-assists in conveying to the viewer a sense of visual emotion. Also, as the Silence...used Q. Lazzarus' song "Goodbye Horses to characterize the serial killer, Manhunter also uses music (Iron Butterfly's In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida) to set the tone for the killer. In the few occasions Lektor is contacted by Will Graham, a suspenseful, horrifying experience is expressed to the viewer, more accurate to Harris' novel than that done by Anthony Hopkins in the latter Hannibal movies. Unfortunately, unlike Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, the genius Lektor-though the mastermind behind the movie-is scarcely on-screen; instead, influence is turned to the ex-FBI agent Will Graham and his ability to mold in to the psyche of the killers he tracks. The Toothfairy, played by Tom Noonan, was not allowed to mingle with the other actors on the set to create a sense of mystery and fear when they finally met on screen. Actor William Petersen himself described the aura of his scenes with the serial killer as "compelling and repelling, at the same time. Director Michael Mann's low-budget film Manhunter, which was to be originally named "Red Dragon but changed because it sounded too much like a karate movie, is the most accurate representation of any of Thomas Harris' novels yet. Though at first it takes a while to set the scene, in the end you will be thoroughly rewarded by the feeling of watching one of the most compelling-"and repelling,"-movies of its kind.
  Manhunter  is a good thriller that deserves to be placed by  The Silence Of The Lambs  as one of the best films of its kind. The film is superbly directed by Michael Mann, who also made  Heat  and  The Insider  and like in those movies, he shows here an exquisite eye for visual composition. The photography is rich and makes use of colors and shadows. Mann's screenplay, based on the novel by Thomas Harris, is complex and is full of believable characters. But what should be most admired about the movie is how Mann, combining superb performances with rich photography and edgy music, creates an intense atmosphere that stays during most of the movie. He has a true understanding here of what is really creepy. The acting is also very well done. William Petersen makes us feel the tension in his character, Tom Noonan presents one of the creepiest psychos ever devised for a motion picture. Brian Cox is also interesting as Hannibal Lecter, he doesn't surpass the Anthony Hopkins version, but he's still good at it. And remember that it is probable that Hopkins took edges from this role because  Manhunter  was made in 1985, way before  The Silence Of The Lambs  was released. The only thing lacking is more energy, Mann needed to add a more visceral edge to his movie and then it would have been a masterpiece. But, in the end,  Manhunter  is visually seductive, well written and effective. A fine piece of filmmaking.
 Manhunter, What a great movie.Not only for the story and the hallmark acting.But also from a film making perspective as well.  So many innovations.Concepts and styles that due to their genius,stay relevant today.    Noonan and Cox bring the film to almost a 3 dimensional reality with performances that go far beyond what would be expected from a couple of ( at the time ) unknown actors.In my opinion,these guys really run the show. No disrespect to the outstanding work of William Petersen,who captures the role with a spooky resolve.He plays the role so well,That you realize as an actor, he's really doing what he's performing as an investagator.Getting in the heads of the people he's pursuing/playing.    The music is almost as much of a cast member as any of the actors.Music that is brilliant in its use and construction.  If ever a soundtrack deserves a CD.Its this one!    Anyway, I have the basic "Manhunter dvd,and the restored directors cut.I really enjoy the commentary's.The difference between the two, to me, is really a matter of the two different commentary's.The basic unit has the cast,Petersen,Noonan,Cox and  Allen.The restored directors cut is Michael Mann going solo.    Mann's commentary is a collection of thoughts and techniques.Inspiration of character development and a lot of "film school stuff that is of interest...even to a layman...    The basic unit with the cast is a lot more interactive.No they  dont exactly hoot it up, but it is slightly more entertaining  as a behind the scenes deal goes.    Mann's comments are a plus in that he does enjoy the film and  seems at times to be getting caught up in it.As a result,he  has moments where he doesnt speak,but instead watches the movie with the viewer.Kinda cool.You get to see the point hes making rather than having him talk over it as the moment goes by.    So there ya go.Ya pays your money and ya takes your chances.  But in either case,whichever you prefer,This is simply an excellent movie that even today, is a real thriller.
 Michael Mann, one of the greatest of all directors, takes a crack at Thomas Harris's brilliant novel  Red Dragon  with his stylish film version,  Manhunter.  The film is tense, smart and  well-detailed. There's also the artistic and rich cinematography by Dante  Spinotti, who also worked with Mann on his 1995  Heat  and was  recently nominated for an Oscar for Mann's brilliant  The  Insider.  What the film lacks is more power and effect. Brian Cox  isn't as convincing as serial killer Hannibal Lecter as Anthony Hopkins in   The Silence Of The Lambs.  It's better to watch this before   Lambs  so you don't take as many easy shots at it. But Mann  still does a great job here, directing with his usual visual style and  exquisite composition.  Manhunter  is really gripping at times  and keeps us interested for almost it's entire length. The ending is a  little unsatisfying though well-directed. Another flaw is that   Manhunter  sometimes feels too much like a made for TV movie.  But in the end it has effect and is convincing with style and a good  script. But if you really want to see Michael Mann's talent, watch   Heat  and  The Insider. 
 I love the quality and restoration done with disk one.  I simply wish they had included the true theatrical version instead of improperly splicing it with the directors cut.  However, the quality is superb and no Manhunter DVD has been able to match this one.  My problem is with the directors cut and its bloody piss-poor video quality.  I did like this version more than the theatrical cut overall.  If they could fully restore the entire film in HD 1080p and give it a 7.1 surround trueHD audio track, it would be the PERFECT movie.
 Wow. Before Sir Anthony Hopkins ever slimed and purred his way onto the silver screen in SILENCE OF THE LAMBS as Hannibal Lecter, the ever more repugnant and brilliant Brian Cox played him (originally Hannibal Lecktor) in MANHUNTER. No, you will not see the six-fingered hands or bright maroon eyes Hannibal the Cannibal possesses in the original novels, but I think Cox is ten times scarier than Hopkins was.  This 1986 offering is a treat on many levels. To be brief
 Before he hit pay dirt with CSI
 When it comes to the "serial killer genre, I suppose Michael Mann's 1986 film "Manhunter began it all. One could argue for Richard Fleischer's superb <a href="http
 This movie by  Miami Vice  creator Michael Mann is way ahead of its time, which can now work to its benefit. Its hero, FBI criminal profiler Will Graham, is brought out of retirement to track a serial killer of entire families, cruelly nicknamed the Tooth Fairy by the tabloid press; like the hero of TV's  Millennium,  a good ten years later, Graham has an uncanny ability to enter the mindset of his quarry. This gift, or curse, has already led to one nervous breakdown, and now threatens to ruin his marriage and happy home life, even as he returns to a life-threatening pursuit of one killer, aided by another, the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter. Mann's direction of the film is self-assured and relentless, driving ever onward without a pause, and while the violence is horrific, the triumph of good over evil is never seriously in question. William Peterson, who plays Graham here, portrays a similar, but substantially toned-down character on the TV show  CSI ---Dennis Farina plays his ex-ex-FBI boss. Brian Cox, a British character actor, plays Hannibal Lecter; he is perhaps less attractive than Anthony Hopkins, but this makes his Lecter even more chilling and repulsive---and the fact that he doesn't shamelessly ham up every line reading helps, too! The climax of the movie, as Graham takes the fight right to the killer in a secluded woodland home, is incredibly suspenseful, even though you suspect that Graham will prevail; the use of dim lighting, and a thunderous refrain of Iron Butterfly's  In-a-Gadda-da-Vida  makes it one of the more memorable endings in recent film history.  Manhunter  isn't as famous a film as  The Silence of the Lambs --but is is a better film! Check it out.
 Anthony Hopkins (Hannibal, Hearts Of Atlantis) and Nicole Kidman (Dogville, Birthday Girl) deliver yet again more explosive and powerful performances to their list. Ed Harris (The Rock, The Hours) delivers a ferocious and in your face role and Gary Sinise (Snake Eyes, The Big Bounce) is just fine. Wentworth Miller (Dinotopia, Tv's Buffy The Vampire Slayer) who portraits Hopkins in younger form does his best as well. Despite some moments of lulls this movie sends the goods with its rich characterizations and atmosphere. Though everyone in the god awful earth should know its difficult to adapt a novel into a script...derrr..idiots. Finely directed and it extremely pulls you in. Also starring Harry Lennix (The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions) and Clark Gregg (We Were Soldiers).
 I would maybe watch this film 3 times at the most, it's interesting at times but 20 percent of it is pure drek, the other artsy and appeakling though...
 Benton (of "Kramer vs. Kramer or "Places in the Heart acclaim) has always made movies with themes on the subtlest emotional vectors.  If you've read the marvellous but somewhat un-adaptable book by the same name (Phillip Roth's "The Human Stain") you'll know what I am talking about and in that case, watch the movie without any expectations of seeing a loyal adaptation because this isn't.  If you are not familiar with Roth's book, the movie's spinal theme may be racial prejudice, but it is really the story of a man deciding, late in life, to love the unknown what is beyond books, pride, even self. To learn that lesson is to turn a stain into a blessing. Stylistically, I felt the theme could have been dealt with in a somewhat smarter way. Without giving too much away, the "scandal at the heart of the movie really gets very little screen time which helps diminish its importance in comparison with Coleman's past. But we see so little of it that it belittles its own thematic importance, and the movie spends a great deal of energy setting up storylines and elements that get little eventual payoff.  This is why I say the novel was a bit difficult to adapt. Following Coleman's life all the way along, not just its beginning and end, could have made the movie work better as a movie; so could exposing his secret to the world of the film instead of just to the audience. At one point, Coleman's sister says doing just that would have instantly cleared up all the scandal and misunderstanding. Wrong. It would have made everything much more complicated, much more textured, much less black-and-white. As it is, we are left with a movie about two people whose lives have already ended clinging to each other for comfort.  But the cast alone is something I'd go rushing into the theatres for
 Phillip Roth's final tale in his trilogy, "The Human Stain is set in the summer of The Year Of Our Lord, 1998. Otherwise known as "Impeachment Summer", during which the Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky accusations took place, The Starr Report was released, and the whole sordid story of the infamous stained dress was on the lips of everyone, so to speak.  The film is told in flashback sequences with the narrator of the tale, writer and friend of main character, Coleman Silk's. His name is Nathan Zuckerman (a fabulous Gary Sinese). Incidentally, the character of Nathan Zuckerman is the author, Phillip Roth's alter-ego and is throughout the trilogy of novels.  Coleman Silk, played adeptly by Sir Anthony Hopkins, is a 71 year-old college professor at small New England Athena College. Coleman is wrongfully accused of racial slurs against a couple of absent pupils and loses his tenured position. This shocking news sends his beloved wife into sickness and before long, she succumbs...  If only his family, friends and all the people that Coleman Silk has touched throughout  their lives knew the REAL story, such charges would have never been brought about in the first place.  Silk gets lonely and depressed quite quickly, finds the wonderful drug just produced by the name of Viagra and meets the illiterate but beautiful school janitor, Faunia Farley, played by Nicole Kidman. Faunia might be illiterate but she has graduated with honors from "The School Of Hard Knocks", both figuratively and literally by her Vietnam vet abusive husband Lester, played excellently by Ed Harris. Coleman and Faunia have a torrid affair with the whole New England town buzzing about the goings on. As they get closer and share with one another, Faunia's past is almost as shocking as Coleman's. In the final scenes of the film, all secrets are exposed...  Many critics said that the movie script itself was a masterpiece but it was grossly miscast with Hopkins and Kidman in the main roles. I disagree only because there are very few actors that could genuinely and convincingly portray the characters, let alone, carry a heavy drama such as this. The only actor that I could come up with for a recast on Coleman would be Frank Langella, in part because the physical characteristics of Coleman could have been a bit more believable to the viewer.  I must also mention the two actors who play an integral role in the flashback sequences of Coleman's youth. A terrific Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk and an adequate Jacinda Barrett (from MTV's Real World London Cast) in a nice turn as young Coleman's college days lover, Steena Paulsson.  Once watching the movie, you will understand the many significant meanings of the title, "The Human Stain". Not only the stain of the original sin into which all of us are born, but the stain of hate, hurt, pain, racism, pacifism and yes, even love and death.  I highly recommend "The Human Stain despite it's theatrical release mixed reviews and unfortunate lackluster box office draw.  Happy Watching!
 So much of movie watching has to do with the hype, and therefore, expectations, surrounding a film.  Since I had not heard much of this movie, I was surprised to find such an all star ensemble in an unheralded film.  So I had the pleasure of simply watching it with no expectations, no book to compare it with, etc.  The result was a compelling story of twisted lives coming to grips with themselves and their pasts.  Nicole Kidman has to be one of the greatest actors of our generation, since she plays her white trailer trash role to perfection, accent and all.  Anthony Hopkins use of subtle expression and understatement add tension and depth to the film.  If you like complex, interwoven stories with good characters, you will like this film.
 Two lonely people come together, Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), a professor who quits his job after a supposed racial slur and Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), an eccentric younger woman disabused by the harsh realities of her life. A former welterweight boxer who has turned his back on his race, Silk lives as a white man caught in an ironic twist of fate. In a fine blend of racism and religious intolerance before the gratuity of political correctness, the young Coleman makes irreversible decisions that critically affect his later years. As a deeply melancholic mature man, Coleman finds sudden happiness with Faunia in spite of her personal despondency and refusal to believe in joy.  Moody and dark, played out against countryside covered with snow, the fine-tuned cinematography catches every nuance of shadow and flesh, as the movie evolves into an agonizing collision of desire vs. reality. Acting out the role of Achilles, pitted against fate and the grim determination of the gods, Silk refuses to give up the younger woman, no matter the consequences.  The film is carefully balanced, shifting from present to past, exposing the painful histories of the characters, the roots of their flaws. The supporting roles are beautifully played by Gary Sinise as Nathan Zukerman, a reclusive writer and friend of Silk's and Ed Harris as Lester Farley, an ex-Vietnam vet unable to purge the violence from his life. In the end, seeking an island of comfort, Silk and Faunia gravitate to one another, sensing at least a temporary respite from an often cruel world. "The things that restore you can destroy you. Luan Gaines/ 2005.
 ...I had the feeling that this film pretty much lost sight of the woods for the trees.  It begins with Achilles' dilemma in The Iliad with a slave girl which his king also covets, then quickly moves to the excesses of political correctness in academia, then to American sexual hypocrisy and sanctimony in the Clinton-Lewinsky affair, to a Viagra-assisted, sixty-something sudden-widower who suddenly lands a vivacious thirty-something woman from a very different social and economic class background with a very checkered past, her Vietnam-scarred psychopathic ex-husband who stalks her, the dramatic reinvigoration and sexual reawakening in such a winter-spring relationship, to the deeply ingrained racism in American society as experienced by a mulatto boy who decides to pass himself as Jewish and breaks ties with his family.  All this might be gracefully contained in a 400-page novel (maybe...I haven't read Roth's book yet) but crammed into a 2-hour movie, it all feels a bit disjointed.  While Kidman, Hopkins, Harris and Sinese are all a bit miscast in their roles, all three put in solid performances...Kidman has never looked more appealing and real, in contrast to her usual generic-blonde look.  Hopkins isn't quite up to the anguish and explosive rage that his character is supposed to express in a few of the scenes---he simply doesn't have the range for it---but is otherwise competent. The film is beautifully shot, with a very effective score, and technically superb.  What's missing though is any kind of overarching theme or point to tie everything together.  I suppose we could deduce one from the title
 Classics Professor Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), exasperated that two students have yet to show up for his class points to their empty seats and ask rhetorically, "Do they exist or are they spooks?  He should have chosen his words more carefully because the two absent students are black and Silk is subsequently charged with using racial slurs by the college.  Yes, this could definitely happen, although one would expect it to be cleared up once there was an investigation.  However, Coleman Silk gets more than a little uptight.  Something has hit a nerve.  He has enemies.  He doesn't cooperate and in fact resigns in face of the charge.  His wife drops dead, and at the age of 71 Coleman gets involved in a Viagra-hyped love affair with Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), a 34-year-old cleaning woman and high school dropout with a past.  Turns out that Coleman too has a past, and that past partially explains why he got so uptight about the racial slur charge.  Seems that Coleman has "passed.  Seems that he was "colored and didn't want to be colored and so forsook his family and passed into the white world and never looked back.  This is from the novel by Philip Roth, who has written many splendid novels.  The adaptation is by Nicholas Meyer who did most of the scripts for the Star Trek movies.  Robert Benton's direction is professional and clear.  Anthony Hopkins is very good as one would expect and Nicole Kidman as a hardtack brunette with worry lines on her face is vividly real as the bitter, but vulnerable Faunia Farley.  Ed Harris plays her also bitter, spaced-out, estranged husband, a twisted Viet Vet with malevolence on his mind.  The story is told in a straight-forward way with flashbacks to Coleman's past where we see that he was a welterweight prize fighter for a while and had his heart broken because his very blonde bride-to-be just couldn't stomach the thought of marrying into a Negro family.  Wentworth Miller plays young Coleman and definitely looks and acts the part.  Anna Deavere Smith plays his mother with the kind of dignity you would expect from a woman who raised the son of Pullman porter to become a classics professor at a small New England private college.  Gary Sinise as Coleman's neighbor, Nathan Zuckerman (and Philip Roth perennial), narrates the story from the novel he eventually writes.  All in all an interesting movie that recalls an age gone by while at the same time reminding us that the politically correct postmodern world is upon us.  See this for Nicole Kidman who is on her way to becoming one of the great stars of the cinema as yet again she shows that she cannot be typecast, and for Anthony Hopkins, one of the more accomplished actors of our time.
 My feelings are mixed about this movie.  From what I have read in the professional reviews of this movie, the opinions are just as mixed.  In sum, it is a movie that will hopefully give one something to think about at its surprising conclusion. Simply put, THE HUMAN STAIN is pretty much a revampted telling of an old tale that has facinated white audience since forever  and opened wounds and insulted some black audiences.  But, it stands apart from all its other predecesors out of the Hollywood movie machine in a good way that makes it worth seeing in that it's lead character played by Anthony Hopkins isn't stereotypically sympathetic and has depth. Still, his manipulative, cannibalistic and criminal Hannibal Lector has more integrity than his Coleman Silk. The great and admirable Anthony Hopkins plays an aging professor with a dark secret who is accused of a racial slur by a student.  Through a series of flashbacks, his secret is gradually revealed to the audience--his being a black man passing as white-- as he tells his story to a reporter and begins an affair with a young illiterate janitor on campus, Nicole Kidman.  This young woman has a few secrets of her own like a possessive and obsessive husband. Plotwise, I think the only minor flaw in the story will be that involving Kidman's charater's problems.  Only a little, they interrupt the real focus of interest of Hopkins's Silk. Though another trite tale of the mulatto, at lease the characters are 3 diminional thanks to writing,Hopkin's, Kidman's and the supporting actors performances(e.g. Gary Sinise, Ed Harris and Wentworh Miller--the young black man who plays Hopkins in his youth, and Anna Deavere Smith whose scenes and  words to her son the young Silk are not fogettable, even Oscar worthy). Coleman Silk turns his back on his family and people to enjoy all the privileges and power of having white skin.  Instead of challeging prejudices, he enforces and caters to the very prejudices that deny him to be treated fairly as a black man. At the movies conclusion one is forced to asked if anything has really changed for the better in real life. From what I have noticed in popular culture, the media and all the answer is.....   Though the majority of black Americans like the characters played by Wentworth Miller and Anna Deavere Smith are a racially and culturally mixed people regardless of the complexion of skin ,or, whether both parents are black American or one  parent is white or whatever,  there are still those who will run as far away from being labeled black as they can get and declare themselves as separate but equal instead of challeging old inherited ideas of bigotry. Political correctness has warped into a new mask to hide self-hatred and racism. There are versions of Coleman Silks that still exist today, both dark and fair skinned, in the black community--even other non-black communities. Society still hasn't shed all its prejudices for those it looks upon as having the wrong skin color ,or, set of parents.
 Philip Roth's book The Human Stain was a fictional examination of racial/social and sexual biases in American culture with more than a dose of hypocrisy thrown in. I expected it to be a difficult novel to translate to film and I believe I was partially right. The casting is excellent and Nicole Kidman is very good as Faunia Farley a bit of a lost soul being stalked by her violent and insane ex-husband who gets involved with an older college professor who has just lost his position due to an abnormally ridiculous case of Political Correctness. Anthony Hopkins is fabulous in that role although as the plot unfolds it becomes a bit harder to see him as the older version of his younger self as portrayed in flashback sequences. (Trying hard not to give too much away here). A real strong performance by Ed Harris ( The most underrated guy in Hollywood) as the crazed husband cements this as a film worth checking out. It's understandable why this wasn't a huge hit at the box office because it is a literary and somewhat challenging film.
 Let me preface my review by saying (a) I have never read the novel and (b) I probably read too much about the movie before I saw it. I also watch movies for entertainment, never searching, and rarely stumbling upon, a much deeper meaning.  That having been said, I was sure that I would find this movie completely unwatchable. I watched it only because Wentworth Miller was in it. But I found that I was actually quickly captivated by the movie, even before Miller appeared. I don't find the premise of Coleman Silk's dismissal from the college completely unbelievable. I find it, unfortunately, all too believable that an esteemed academic COULD be quickly dimissed for innocent remarks made that had potential of being racist, even if they were not. What I did not find was the suspense that the description of the movie alluded to. I don't really see how the revelation of Coleman Silk's big "secret was about to ruin his life. In fact, in consideration of the fact that the loss of his job was due to a racist remark, the revelation of his secret could have saved his life. His "secret had much stronger impacts on his life in the flashback scenes of the movie.  Ironically, I also found the casting of Wentworth Miller as the young Silk every bit as implausible as the casting of Anthony Hopkins as the elder Silk, even knowing full-well that Miller is perfectly cast in the part.  If only the Silk family had just one member that had skin nearly as fair as Miller's, I could have bought it. (Perhaps Miller's own family should have been cast.) But Miller looked like the adopted child in the family, clearly much fairer than his parents and both siblings, both an older brother, and a younger sister. I also found it implausible that Silk had developed an incredibly strong British accent, presumably from his time at Oxford, after growing up in New Jersey and attending NYU, and then retained that accent over many, many years teaching in New England.  However, it goes without saying that Hopkins played the part as well as it could be played, even if the casting on it's face was less-than ideal. Miller's casting was ideal on it's face AND his performance was strong, but I do wonder how much of it was "acting per se, and not emotion based on his own feelings and struggles with his identity. In other words, he was great, but was it really that much of a stretch? Nicole Kidman was excellent, perfectly pulling off her character, as she always does. Somehow, she is always believeable, even if she is a beautiful, classy Australian playing a somewhat grubby, class-less American.  I watched this film on DVD, so I have to believe that nothing was left out of my version. But I feel like I may have seen an edited version based on other reviews. As mentioned, I found the movie to be far from suspenseful. While Coleman's secret may have had significance in his youth, I found it to be far less significant in his adulthood. I have no idea how people knew that Kidman's character was illiterate.  I also have no idea what the scene with the crow had to do with anything other than allowing a means for Kidman's character to confess further details of her past. If that was it's purpose, it could have been much more cleverly achieved. Perhaps these were details that were in the book but not well integrated into the film.  Overall, the movie is very watchable. It is a good story that makes one pause to think about the struggles of people of color, especially for those who have never had to go through such struggles. But don't expect to be sitting on the edge of your seat waiting for some huge secret to be revealed or for it to come out and ruin Silk's life. It's a great drama, not a strong suspense.
 The Human Stain is an interesting film about the bond between an unlikely couple (played by Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins).  The one thing they seem to have in common is a life of emotional heartbreak, loneliness, and pain.  The film basically tells the story of their lives and eventual coming together through a series of flashbacks.  I did not find these flashbacks at all confusing as some reviewers have.  However, the film is somewhat flawed and lacking.  It has a tendency to drag slightly and never really takes off.  The ending is somewhat disappointing and could have been written much more effectively.  However, the acting performances are outstanding.  I think this is Nicole Kidman's best acting role.  Her performance as an emotionally weakened, unsophisticated woman is outstanding.  Also brilliant are Anthony Hopkins and Gary Sinise (a friend of Hopkins' character who narrates the movie).  And Ed Harris does a good job playing Kidman's psychotic ex-husband.  Despite its weaknesses, this is an interesting film backed by some excellent acting.
 The Human Stain takes a penetrating look at the myths with which society surrounds itself in order to remain `respectable', and how those myths are simply a portal into another level of suffering. It portrays the stains which persist in society, and which, even after constant cleansing, get perpetuated into the future and our lives in one form or the other.  I thought that the theme was very interesting, the movie itself, less so. Anthony Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a highly respected Professor of Classics at Athena College, Massachusetts. Right from his arrival, he has catapulted the College to fame and respectability, and has become Dean. His own respectability is undermined when he once innocently calls two black students, perpetually absent from class, as `spooks'. He is unaware of the derogatory meaning of the phrase, and the two students press charges against him. He resigns in anger, and the faculty members apparently are only too satisfied to let him go, because they want to avoid scandal. The year is 1998, and the country itself is enveloped in the throes of a scandal-the Clinton-Lewinsky affair.  Silk's wife dies from the shock of the accusations, and Silk becomes a lonely, dark, grudging man. Some solace comes in the form of a friendship with a young writer (Gary Sinise), himself living in seclusion in the woods after a hard fight with cancer. But the wheels of Silk's destiny really start turning when he begins an intense affair with an illiterate janitor (Nicole Kidman), many years younger than him. In turn, she faces chronic problems of her own, including an abusive childhood and a drunken, raucous and abusive Vietnam veteran husband. The rest of the movie essentially revolves about Silk's tumultuous and scandalous present life, and a disturbing past, which harbours a dark secret. I won't give it away for those of you who haven't watched it, but let it suffice here to say that he is running away from a stain which was inflicted on him many years back, as a young man in love, and an expert boxer. Silk's life long attempts to hide that old stain ironically have landed him into another disturbed existence.  I thought that the movie itself failed to be very interesting, although the director seems to have made sincere attempts to keep the intrigue and philosophy flowing. The one thing that shines through are the performances by Hopkins, Sinise and Kidman. The Human Stain makes an interesting foray into the inevitabilities of life. If we hide from a truth, it's very likely that another will haunt us, just like it haunted Silk. Better than that to face the truth and fight for it. But the problem is still not resolved. Society still has to inure itself to many blatant and supposedly embarrassing eventualities in it's citizens' lives. We still have to come to terms with the ugly ducklings among us, moralizing and generous as our expressed views and opinions about them may be. Society itself has a long way to go before it becomes all-accommodating. The most penetrating stains, it seems, are the ones which cannot be seen.
 Very thought provoking.  It is about a man leaving his family (and color) to start a new life. For some reason he only falls for white women.  Supposedly, he is so light that no one else  can tell he is black. He only sneaks around to see his family.It is a strange movie but still thought provoking and deep.
 Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are two of my favourite actors. You have already read the synopsis and the editor's report so I won't bore you with the details. I found this film very enjoyable and good entertainment. A good plot and first class acting.
 Not a bad interpretation of Philip Roth's novel; Anthony Hopkins is, yes, a little too British and not entirely believable in the racially ambiguous role he is assigned & Nicole Kidman does bring a little too much star power to her part, but the bones of the story remain intact (and I have indeed read the Roth novel). I think Gary Sinise is a fine choice for the role of Zuckerman, the novelist whose outside perspective tells  the story,  The inner nexus of themes has to do with a number of important and archetypal issues that circle around each other, never reaching full closure.  To what extent can a person "opt out of full participation in life, either because society or nature makes it hard? Who do you betray when you make that choice? Does society (or your employer) bear any responsibility? Sex and love, what is the relationship, finally and in the last analysis?  The genius of Roth's novel is to raise such difficult questions; thankfully, the film does not shy away from them. Really, it's a praiseworthy effort to convey how complicated it is to negotiate the difficult passage between full participation and cowardly retirement from the business of life. I'd definitely recommend this film; its flaws are venial; its accomplishments are mortal.
 I came away with mixed feelings about the film on multiple levels, which speaks to its complexity. Previous reviewers have articulated many of the same thoughts as mine. Ed Harris was flawless playing an angry ex-Vietnam vet, one of his finest performances.  Nicole Kidman's acting was excellent, but her efforts to sound American also made her sound stilted and every word took twice as long to be articulated.  Mr. Miller who plays the young Silk and Ms. Smith who plays his mother were so compelling together, they stole the show.  The talented performances by a fine cast, strangely did not work well as an ensemble.  The political correctness theme superimposed on the Clinton/Monica Lewinsky scandal was an annoying distraction.  Yes, political correctness has been used and turned around such that its good intentions became its own destruction.  Here, the word "spook is used to illustrate how it can be manipulated to make its usage seem ill-intentioned.  That is the argument against political correctness, that we attach moral connotations to words and judge people not by their actions or intentions, but their verbal diarrhea.  But, the deeper issue is the way society creates these moral dilemmas in the first place, which challenges detractors of political correctness.  What ultimately bothered me about this film was the over-moralization of young Silk's choice, which undermined society's role in his choice.  The young Silk was not a sympathetic character, which is reflected in the undercurrent of accusation that all his losses stemmed from his dishonesty.  The irony is that racial prejudice created this conflict for him, and in this instance society bears the bulk of the responsibility.  The interactions of young Silk and his family were so moving, it is a shame that they were given homage only in flashbacks.  The poignant dialogue will be remembered for a long time.  It could have been a great film, but too much time devoted to the older Silk brought it down a notch. The older Silk's relationship with Nicole Kidman's character was overplayed, where it should have just been an interesting sidebar.  The strength of the movie relies on the past so much, it should have stayed there.  But, well worth seeing and an excellent movie overall.
  The Human Stain  is based on the novel of the same name by Philip Roth, which employs the not entirely novel device of seeing through the eyes of a novelist. Gary Sinese plays novelist Nathan Zuckerman, who, after a bestseller and a divorce, has secluded himself in a cabin outside the town of Athena, Massachusetts. He grows close to the newly retired Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), who has become an outcast of sorts himself, having been forced to retire after 35 years of service as a professor of classics and Dean of Faculty at nearby Athena College. Against the admonitions of friends and colleagues, Coleman has an improbable affair with a much-younger cleaning woman, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), which seems even less advisable when her unstable ex-husband (Ed Harris) arrives on the scene.    The Human Stain  has a deliberately slow pace. It diligently picks its way along. It seemed oppressive for the film's first half-hour, but eventually I was drawn in by the characters. Both Coleman and Faunia's characters are defined by their pasts, ironically, as both have dedicated their lives to putting the past behind them. The mysteries of these pasts are revealed slowly, and that is the means by which the audience is drawn into the story. Both Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman give impressive performances, but the casting is conspicuously odd. Neither of these characters looks his or her part in the least. This doesn't detract from their emotional power, but I have to wonder what the powers that be were thinking when they cast this film. I guess they were thinking that two talented A-list actors could pull anything off. Wentworth Miller is perfectly cast as the younger Coleman Silk. And I was particularly impressed by Anna Deavere Smith as Coleman's wise but heartbroken mother.  The Human Stain  is a nice character drama. It's just not for the impatient.   The DVD
 During WWII, millions of Jews whose only crime in the eyes of some where their being Jewish.  Thousands to over millions were sent into concentration camps where few survived and many were murdered, even the innocent of innocent, the children.  Those Jews who managed to escape did so by fleeing to hopeful safe harbors in other countries, or, they passed.  Far from passing to gain material wealth, power, and a share in the decadence of the predominant group, these Jews  simply sought to survive and see another day.  One cannot help but admire those who spent the rest of their lives, whenever possible, challenging racism and bigotry and injustice. The titled character in the HUMAN STAIN is far from being admirable and sympathetic. Coleman Silk is a black man who chooses to pass as white to enjoy the privileges of being white.  He doesn't care to fight the injustices that deny his people their humanity, but instead chooses to cater and bow down in honor and the keeping of such injustice against his own people.  Ironically, at the time he passes, those Jews who where unable to pass were being killed, entire families.  Even more ironical, Silk chooses to pass as Jewish.  He turns his back on his family, even after his mother in the movie pleads with him in what has to be the best emotionally intense moment in the movie.  Seemingly without much conscious to morals, Silk starts his life new as a white man without anyone ever suspecting him as being anything other than this.  He marries a white woman, begins a career as a college professor, lives the American dream of freedom without roadblocks. Life is pretty good until his wife dies and  two black students accuse him of using a racial slur against them which is accidental and unintentional, but Silk so long denying his heritage does not realize the power and mistake of the word he has used.  At this point, his mask begins to fall off and his past comes back to haunt him and it is not forgiving. The main problem with this film is the way the story is told.  The makers would have done better to tell the story from the perspective of the young Silk instead of the old Silk who is played by Anthony Hopkins.  Moreover, the character played by Nicole Kidman, who Silk begins a May/December relationship with in the midst of the Clinton sex scandel with a young intern, seems to pollute the storyline and burden it down.  Kidman plays her part well, as the entire cast is excellent, but her character should have been exercised from the story on the big screen all together.  It is the young Coleman Silk and his family who are the really interesting characters deserved more time on screen instead of only being seen in flashback scenes.   The press for this movie was a lesson in the racial divide that is growing in the U.S.  The press took more of an interest in seeing how quick the guy who played young Silk, Wentworth Miller,  would distance himself from being black than they did in the moral questions raised in the movie or book of the same name by a white man.  Sadly, they may have gotten what they wanted.  I hope that I am wrong.  I would take great pride in being wrong!!!!!  and offer an apology for the misunderstanding of Miller.  Rather than understanding the diversity of the black American community, that is, that black Americans are a multi-cultural people whose blood roots extend not just in Africa but also Europe and even Asia and all those places in between, regardless of the complexion of skin or of the skin or race of one or both parents--the cause of the huge color spectra among black Americans and blacks from North America to South America--, and, that black Americans are a people proud of their ancestry in all its diversity regardless of what only a handful of extremely bigoted afro-centralist don't want admitted and many white Americans refuse to take time to learn and  understand, the press has  played to its own blind and ignorant liberal bias that divides blacks Americans into dangerous social stratas of ethnicities.  For his part, Miller, who doesn't deny his heritage like he has done in playing  earlier roles in his career until the HUMAN STAIN,  has shown a proclivity not to correct his interviewers and has legitimized their prejudices that the one drop rule of blood applies  to all but a few of black Americans who have one non black American parent, political correctness at its most perverse and dangerous.  Miller doesn't understand or doesn't want to understand that he is legitimizing racist fallacies. To those who choose to watch the movie, or even, read the book, keep in mind that the story is written from the view point of those or one person  not in the know to all the nuances, diversity, complexity, pride, heartache and tragedy, joy, sometimes embarrassment, anger, struggle, bloodlines, and stories to the black American community no matter how sympathetic and understanding they claim to be.
 This film and the performances are outstanding. The director really captures the "feel of a Philip Roth novel. But, although Gary Sinise is excellent, Nathan Zuckerman is supposed to be around 70 years old. I wonder why the director chose a much younger actor?
 4 stars if you've read the book, otherwise 2 stars. Background for this review
 I haven't read the Phillip Roth novel upon which this is based, but I imagine a tremendous amount of nuance has necessarily been deleted. Still, the cast can't be faulted, even if the chemistry between 70-something Anthony Hopkins and 40ish Nicole Kidman seems a bit forced at times. The title reminds me of some '50s sci-fi flick, not a literary spellbinder. Ed Harris as the psycho ex-Nam nutcase is fully grizzled and effective, but I don't understand why he is allowed to be free when he is seen repeatedly confessing his crazedness to some VA counselor. One could do much worse than this for an hour and 45 minutes of entertainment.
 Instead of having premeditated impressions, the movie's casting coaxes me into seeing it. The story itself is meaningful and its overall arrangement is captivating, but more running time could have been employed to deepen the plot's moving power.  Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) was accused of racial discrimination because he referred to his two African American students as "spooks since they were absent from the class. After experiencing disastrous losses at this late stage of his life, he befriended the writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise) and was involved with a working-class woman Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman) who was much younger than he was. Dark, tragic pasts, including the intrusions of her ex-husband (Ed Harris), kept plaguing Faunia. Thus, people around Coleman Silk had been persuading him out of romanizing with Faunia. However, their suggestions went on deaf years, for Faunia reminded Silk of his youthful love and was almost a salvation for him to purity his deep-rooted anguish.  The performances from the actors and actresses are all extraordinary. Hopkins, although too "white to play Silk, was convincingly the man with simmering pain, presented by his subdued expressions. Kidman did an equally good job despite her extreme motions now and then. Moreover, the unknown young performers who play young Silk and his lover are remarkable, too, whose vividly delivery of two people confined by their ethnic biases really shine.  "The Human Stain serves as a stark irony of a person not identifying with his own pedigree. The movie touches the controversial issue of racism in an innovative approach, and it is worth seeing if you are looking for a film that will arouse some afterthoughts.
 Although I enjoyed this film and rate it  high, I have to admit this was more than a bit of a stretch for most people, and for at least four good reasons
 The part of the film dealing with the professor's mixed race background, which he hid from everyone, including his own wife, is riveting and educational.  It's hard to believe that some Americans felt so ashamed of their backgrounds that they allowed racism to lead them down the path of rejecting their own flesh and blood to give the illusion that they were "White".  Especially moving was the portrayal of the professor's Black mother, when he makes it clear that she is to have no part in his future.  The part of the film dealing with Nicole Kidman's character and the grown up professor was less satisfying as it included scenes of gratuous nudity.  We could have done without seeing Ms. Kidman's body once again.  Also, the ending was not all that great.  But I'll still give it a "four for a good effort.
 I was finally able to view this movie on DVD. It only had a limited theatre release.Although it was based on a novel; It is based on real situations.I personally knew a college Instructor who was let go for failing an afro-american who did not come to classes.Being involved in relationships with the baggage of violence by exspouses are practicly a daily occurance anymore.I would hoghly reccomend this for a must rent or buy. Anthony Hopkins is a great Actor and Nicole Kidman is a good actress.This movie could have as a subtitle "a history of 20th/21st century america.
 The Human Stain (Robert Benton, 2003)  Robert Benton does not often direct movies, but when he does, you can be pretty much guaranteed a knockout
 Enough ideas for a dozen ordinary films, with some great sequences, and terrific acting from all concerned, I was engrossed from the beginning. No satisfactory artistic resolution as in a three act drama, but stimulating nonetheless.
 Apparently there is less shame in being Jewish than in being Black for the protagonist.  Can any sympathy go to him, when he has purposefully and arbitrarily removed himself from his family?  They didn't deserve that treatment, that loss.  Or is this just an extension of the racial tensions in the country at the end of the War . . and sacrifice was necessary for any black to achieve success?  The casting was not credible.  Why couldn't they have used make-up to age the young Silk, rather than use two actors, one of which could never be taken for anything but white.  And the relationship between a 70 year old and a 34 year old was not credible either.
 "The Human Stain is an intense drama directed by Robert Benton who won both the Best Director and the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscars for "Kramer vs. Kramer in 1979.  He's also has 2 nominations for Best Original Screenplay Oscars for "Bonnie & Clyde (1967) & "The Late Show (1977) and a Best Director nomination for "Places in the Heart (1984).  His direction here might have gained more attention if the film had worked a bit better.  Nicholas Meyer wrote the screenplay as he did for 1987's "Fatal Attraction and his Oscar nominated Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Seven Percent Solution (1976).  This is the third Philip Roth novel I'm aware of to be adapted to film following "Goodbye Columbus (1969) & "Portnoy's Complaint (1972).  Anthony Hopkins who has an Oscar for "The Silence of the Lambs (1991) + 3 other nominations for "The Remains of the Day, "Nixon and "Amistad plays the aging professor Coleman Silk with a bravado and intensity.  Phyillis Newman has a rare film cameo as his wife Iris Silk and has a wonderful heart attack scene where her arm flops uselessly.  I kept wondering why Hopkins wasn't calling 911, but that might have cut the drama.  Hopkins dances marvelously with Gary Sinise on the porch.  Sinise who has a Best Supporting Oscar nomination for "Forest Gump and is currently riding high on TV in "CSI New York plays Ginger Rogers to Hopkins' Fred Astaire and does some lovely pirouettes on the porch.  It's an odd scene, but it's interesting.  Nicole Kidman who won the Oscar in "The Hours and played in that film with Ed Harris who was also nominated for an Oscar plays Faunia Farley.  She does a great character performance of a sleazy trailer park trash janitor whose hard luck story of dead children broke her heart and her spirit.  Now she is pursued by crazy ex-con Lester Foley who ultimately drives her to the drink.  (Pun intended.)  Harris is explosive and displays more spirit in his brief role here than in most of the "Empire Falls mini-series.  The interesting part of the story has to do with the young Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller who is currently in the TV series "Prison Break and also played in "Underworld.  Miller has a brooding self-centered intensity that serves the film well.  However, neither he nor Hopkins looks particularly black; so it becomes rather hard to believe.  Anna Deavere Smith from "Philadelphia (1993) and a horror flick with Jon Bon Jovi this year called "Cry Wolf has several excellent scenes as his mother who realizes that her race makes her not good enough for her ambitious son.  Jeff Perry from TV's "Nash Bridges (who I knew long ago from Illinois State) does a nice cameo as a tennis player.  The cinematography and the performances glue us to the screen.  But in the end, the film doesn't quite hang together.  It's a good try.  It offers a good evening's entertainment, given somewhat lower than Oscar expectations.  Enjoy!
 I remember how much this movie impacted me as a kid so I had to get it for my sons. Still as good as I remembered.
 I loved watching this movie as a kid and watched it several times over and over on HBO. The neighbors and I used to pretend to be the Wolverines hunting down the Commies and defending our hometown right in our old back yards.  It was great.  Apparently a lot of young men in the U.S. did the same thing and the U.S. operation that captured Saddam Hussein was named Operation Red Dawn after this film. The film takes place during the early 1980s.  The Cold War between the U.S. and the Soviet Union has been heating up and in a mass alliance with Cuba, Nicuragra, and several other countries the Soviets make a mass  first strike  attack on the U.S.  Paratrooper land on the football field of a small (Colorado?) town, killing teachers, and blowing up cars. A small group of friends escape in their truck and head into the mountains.  Two girls eventually join the group and for a small time so does a downed U.S. fighter pilot.  The group starts fighting back against the invasion forces and begins calling themselves the  Wolverines , named after the local high school mascot. The film ends on the eve that the tide of war begins to turn. Many of the actors and actresses in the film were hardly known before this film and the movie formed the foundation for several of their careers
 In order to fully enjoy this movie you must suspend disbelief.  There are many logistical problems for the Russian and Cuban armies to invade Colorado of all places and it is hard to swallow Patrick Swayze and some of the other cast members to be  teenagers .  Swayze was 32 at the time of its filming!  But all in all it is a very enjoyable movie and is a frightening look at what a full military invasion could look like on our soil.
 although some may accuse Red Dawn of being a jingoistic call to arms it is in truth a condemnation of war. There is no happy ending. Unlike Rambo the heroes do not all live to triumph over the red menace.   Red Dawn is a  good war film in the sense that it presents the moral ambiguities and  contradictions of armed conflict.  although the movie does occasionally  glorify their battlefield successes it also demonstrates the heavy price of  survival. In one of the best scenes one of the american partisans is  discovered to have betrayed the group the soviets. The leader of the group  decides that traitor is to be executed.  This is not an easy decision since  a few months before all these kids were highschool classmates.  One of the  guerrillas asks how they can consider themselves any different from the   evil  enemy they are fighting if they carry out such a heinous  action. Their leader's answer to the soldier and the group is   WE...LIVE...HERE!   I believe this scene is particularly  effective in showing how war reduces human beings to a state of animal  existence and as a result how people's notions of good and evil become  irrelevant in the face of day to day survival.  The vietnamese are  portrayed as a sadistic, fanatical and barbarous enemy in our popular  culture but would we have been any different if we had been the invaded and  not the invaders? Red Dawn does not glorify war. The protagonists in the  film spend most of their time living in a state of misery.  Their innocence  is lost and their beliefs and ideals are corrupted and compromised by the  necessity of survival in a country torn apart by war.  Not only that but  most everybody dies at the end and that's hardly a progaganda coup.  Its  hard to motivate people to go to war when you present them with the reality  that most of them won't be coming back.   The movie has its flaws but  mostly this is due to the limited budget although its technically  impressive nonetheless considering what they had to work with.  The acting  is not all top caliber but the movie shys away from portraying all the  communists as one dimensional cartoon villains.  Some of the soviet  soldiers are sadistic animals but others are simply young men looking for  the pleasures and diversions common to youth everywhere.  In other words, a  real army.  If you like movies with a dark overtone a la Apocalypse Now or  Full Metal Jacket you should enjoy this piece.  If you are looking for  Rambo or Missing in Action you most likely will be dissapointed.
 Viewed
 Red Dawn is a movie that reflects the tensions of the Cold War, presenting a hypothetical scenario in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union, and Cuba armies.  It is chilling, thought provoking and inspiring at the same time.   The entire movie takes place from the view point of several high school kids, who evade Soviet airborne paratroopers and flee into the mountains.  They slowly turn from average kids into resistance fighters, who fight for their families, their country, and ultimately their freedom.  In my opinion it is a great movie.  When I purchased my DVD drive, I started to look for the perfect DVD to start a collection.  Red Dawn was first one I purchased.   The only down side is that the picture quality isn't perfect, it looks like a copy from tape.  Still, I wouldn't trade it for any other DVD.
 Red Dawn has been repeatedly slammed by rabid left-wing ideologues as being unrealistic for several reasons; some of which the reviewers either take out of context or flat out make up.  "...amazingly they hold off an entire division of russian troops...  There was nothing  in the movie implied or otherwise to indicate the town was taken by a Division. A soviet Division in the 1980's was smaller than a US Division but it still consisted of a few thousand men. A best this was a battalion.  "...I can recall other cornball lines about "600 million screaming chinamen and "I got 7 Migs but the eighth got me.  Actually what he said was, "It was 5 to 1, I got 4. That is not a cornball line. Ask anyone that has been in or around an aviation unit, that's standard bravado you would expect from any pilot. It was extremely realistic dialogue.  "Here's the plot
 History has made this movie dated, but I still continue to enjoy it. There are certain parts of the plot that inspire my patriotism, but it is the guerilla war sequences, that I liked the best.  I have rewatched the action sequences a number of times.  Plus, it has a number of future stars in an ensemble cast.
 Though some people may think that this movie is far fetched because it depicts teenage men and women taking on a communist invasion, I believe that this is a very good movie.   If somehow something like this did happen I think that it is very likely that there would be civilian freedom fighters, look at past wars and invasions and this happens. If you were in this situation would you set back and let them win or would you take up arms and fight for your family, friends, country and freedom.   This movie brings about a very strong feeling of patriotism ( Something our country needs much more of) and is very good to watch around independence day.   "WOLVERINES!!!! This is a potent anti-war movie. Anyone who saw the movie should ask themselves what their reaction to war was after seeing the movie.  Is it glorious? Is it like a John Wayne movie? Do they want to be in a war? Do they want to host a war on their own turf? Is there a glorious end? My own reaction to this movie years ago disturbed me greatly, and this disturbance revealed some things I did not like.  I have never seen a movie where the movie was on American soil (save old movies about 1776, 1812, and the Civil War).  The Russian invasion calls for the suspension of disbelief, like a time travel movie, etc. So lets pretend... The Russians, French, Germans, Chinese, Japanese don't have to pretend.  We do.  I was disturbed by seeing American civilians shot, but I had never been that disturbed by seeing people shot in past war movies.  A tank round blowing up a ranch house in CO that looked like my parents' house made me feel ill. Seeing a French house or some Vietnamese hut in other movies did not.  I guess that was just good clean fun. It is cool to be the high tech army hunting down the enemy on the ground with helicopters.  What does it feel like to be the hunted, and see an armored helicopter hunting you down?  It does not feel as good. The director could have portrayed the enemy any way he wanted to. He did not protray them as monsters, but as schmucks just doing their jobs and wanting to go home. When the first  enemy killing took place, they were not out raping women and throwing babies on bayonets. They were goofy young Russians sight seeing. When Patrick Swayze kills his first Russian, the Russian was the same age as Swayze. They were both kids.  That was deliberate.  There is an American pilot (Powers Boothe) who had quite a few speaking lines in the movie. He does not bash the Russians, but the director could have put any lines he wanted to in his mouth.  If you can get past the unlikely invasion of the US, and want to feel what it is like to be invaded, watch this movie.  BTW, a Russian-Siberian student once told me that many Russian war movies end with the main characters visiting a monument to the fallen heroes at the end of the movie.  I heard that the movie was filmed in Leadville CO.  I also heard that at the screening of the movie in Leadville, several girls ran out of the movie crying. I understand.  Do you?
 If you grew up in the '80s, buy this movie.  I remember everyone in my  neighborhood bought toy AK-47s and black berets after we saw this movie.  I  look at  Red Dawn  and it carries me back to a time when I had  nothing better to do than run through my neighbors' yards with my buddies  and shoot at immaginary Commies.  The plot might seem ridiculous (today,)  but so what?  Aren't movies supposed to be fun?  This movie will always  have a special place in my heart, and I defy anyone who has a brother to  watch the final scene at the railway and not get choked-up.
 I was walking around at the local dvd store yesterday looking for a nice movie to watch that same evening. My eye fell on Red Dawn, and I read what the back of the dvd said. I was tempted and it sounded like an interesting film, so I bought it and watched it.  Red Dawn follows the story of 8 teenagers that manage to escape an attack on their home town when world war III breaks out. They flee into the mountains and from there they attack the enemyforces with gurellia attacks. This leads to great, but also brutal action scenes, thrilling, but also disturbing situations and highly emotional scenes that show the human soul hurt and broke down.  As soon as the credits were rolling over the screen I was quiet and just gazed at the screen, thinking about what I had seen. The message had reached me loud and clear.  The casting of this film is well done. All of the actors act realistic and their emotion feels terribly real, which definitely helps you to feel for them. The cast contains famous stars that where all not that famous  while starring in this film. It contains Patrick Swayze (Dirty Dancing, Road House, Ghost), Charlie Sheen (Platoon, Wall street), Lea Thompson (Back to the Future I, II and III) and Jennifer Grey (Dirty Dancing). The rest of the main cast is less famous (at least, to me), but still do one hell of a job bringing their characters to life that all feel like real personnes in stead of just a few movie characters.  The only thing that should have been different about this film is that you don't really get to know the characters before the war stars. After only about four minutes the attack starts, so you don't really know what kind of main characters you are dealing with. But when they are together and thinking what there can be done, you will see who is who and what kind of characters they are.  The film has a lot of action sequences and thrilling moments that will entertain action and war fans for sure. Also Drama fans are definitely on the right place with this movie cause it really touches you. Comedy fans will have to watch someplace else, cause there are only about two little jokes in the entire film, for the rest the film is shocking, realistic, even disturbing at some points and is definitely not for the faint of heart. It really shows what happens to people during war, how their feelings change, how their entire personality changes. The message is therefor loud and clear
 I remember watching this movie when it first came out on VHS. As a kid, I thought it was a frightening movie, a possible scenario of World War III. After buying the DVD and watching it again, I must say that it still stirs emotions in me. This depiction of an attack on U.S. soil is possible, but improbable. To watch this movie and say that the events shown could NEVER happen is foolish and ignorant. One previous reviewer asks what happened to NATO in the movie. Well, if the reviewer had paid attention, NATO had dissolved in the movie. Another IMPORTANT detail that some reviewers left out was the nuclear attack on most bases and federal headquarters. The communists did not just take all their planes and tanks and just march in. A nuclear  first-strike  was initiated to throw the U.S. completely off-balance. Powers Boothe, who plays a downed F-15 pilot, explains all of these events to the kids that are now acting as guerillas in the movie. As someone who served in the Air Force as a missle launch control officer, I got to see how strategies like the ones portrayed in this movie could work. The whole story in this movie is about Russians and Cubans (along with Nicaraguans) invading the U.S. and how it affects the lives of some high school kids. These kids become  The Wolverines . Named after their high school mascot, they become guerillas, slowly taking out small enemy installations and equipment. They do not single-handedly destroy all the commies as some other reviewers think that was depicted! There were other guerilla units, too.  The film portrays war in a somewhat negative light, but preserves patriotism and acknowledges the legitimacy of the Second Amendment. I highly recommend buying this DVD because of that! The only blemish that it has is the sound quality. I expected better sound with Dolby Digital and DVD quality.
 ... It is just another action film and what if scenario. The acting is wooden, and most of the time, the dialogue is a joke, and there are huge plot holes. But if you just sit back and take the movie for what it is, mind candy, and not as propoganda or a serious attempt at art, then you'll probably find this movie to be entertaining.  As a dvd it doesn't offer much. The trailer, widescreen, and the film. I did have one problem with the subtitles. I found that during the Spanish and Russian dialogue scenes, I had to turn on the subtitles because otherwise those scenes weren't subtitled. Then when English speaking scenes appeared again, I had to turn the subtitles off.
 In the 1980s with American troop and armor strength greatly diminished (before Reagan poured vast amounts of money into the military) the reality of the fall of status quo and surge of communism in the western hemisphere was a distinct reality.  On this idea the film capitalizes.  Many will chalk this movie up to conservative jingoism due the emphasis on patriotism and liberal use of the second amendment.  The question of who would fight to defend their country and the evils of communism are the crux of this movie.  The seemingly nameless characters (I had to watch it again to pick up all the names of the main characters) emphasizes the point that these kids could be anyone.  Granted the special effects are 80s caliber with bullet holes appearing seconds later, if at all.  After all is said and done this DVD asks some compelling questions about the state of America while delivering some excellent bonus features.  I would caution, however, that anyone who has not lived under the fear of communism or studied this era in American history with some vigor may not fully appreciate the intended affect of the film or view it in a serious light.
 This film is a frightening WWWIII scenario from the fertile mind of self-described  zen facist  John Milius.  Mr. Milius is not as gung-ho commando as everyone would like you to believe, it's just that there are about 5 actual conservatives in Hollywood and he happens to be one of them. As scenario's go, it's a nifty one.  Russia and the Warsaw pact take out Europe and NATO dissolves.  Cuban and marxist central American armies use commercial airlines to drop airborne units into the midwestern United States while Russia uses ICBM's to take out key American cities and defense installations.  It is not unrealistic that terrorists or a foreign government could use commercial airliners to launch a sneak attack on our own soil, especially in light of the events of 9-11. Ron O'Neal,  Priest  of  SUPERFLY  fame, plays the leader of the cuban forces, who faces off against the local high school football team which has taken off to the mountains to use their outdoor skills to form a guerrila army and use hit-and-run tactics to fight back.  O'Neal gave a good performance as a man who has become what he depises, as his character fought wars of resistance in central america.  Now, the tables are turned and he has become the imperialist aggressor. Milius is actually using  RED DAWN  as a thinly disguised allegory of the benefits of the second amendmend, which does not give Americans the right to bear arms, but the right to use arms to defend land and country.  While personally, I think a rifle/gun is a cowards weapon, who is to say what a person would do in a kill or be killed situation?  The second amendmend is probably the only thing standing in the way of a total takeover of our country.
 This movie is simply hilarous. Do NOT get this movie if you're planning to get a movie for serious watching. Bullet damage is shown SECONDS after the sound is heard, American army responds to Communist threat using one helicopter and destroying the Soviet forces Rambo style. The acting is simply horrible, it's just like they memorized the lines and said them.  Their dad just HAPPENS to have a gun store, but for some reason decides to not go with them. The Soviet army focuses on private citizens in the U.S. that have weapons instead of the U.S. army. There is ZERO story build up, the action starts like 30 seconds into the movie. Two of the students vote that they surrender themselves to the Soviets, AFTER escaping machine gun bullets and rocket launcher attacks. So far, this is only just a few minutes into the movie. You'll have to get the rest of the cheesy goodness by buying it, if you like what you hear so far this is a MUST BUY. I know I got a good deal!
 Years ago I dismised RED DAWN as one of those agenda movies in the vain of the 1950's Invasion USA. Some of the writing is just plain heavy handed with popular jingos of the time. The invasion scenario while absurd was popular in intelligence and military circles at the time. The acting is slightly better than "Summer stock with some notable exceptions and cameos. Powers Boothe for instants plays a fighter pliot turned Special Forces Adviser with conviction although his character is clearly a composite.  Today and after the past ten years I revisted the film again and it "dawned on me this movie is oddly about the 1980's Soviet-Afghan War. The Wolverines are clearly the Majahideen and  thier tactics are almost textbook examples of guerrilla warfare.
 Red Dawn is an illustrious film made in 1984. The movie takes place in COlorado where a benevolent town is taken over by nefarious rebels. The behemoth group of rebels parachuted in and aimed to fell anyone who showed signs of creating proficient resistance. What the rebels didn't know was that a once unheralded group of teens called the Wolverines had suppressed to the mountains unnoticed. This group made of actors, Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Gray, Ben Thompson, Powers Boothe, and Harry Dean Stanton soon decide it is time to make an ostentatious series of attacks against the malcontented rebels. The Wolverines are able to quell the enemy at first, in hopes of rejuvenating patriotism back into their captured friends and family. After inflicting many casualties on the rebels, the Wolverines energy levels are slowly depleted but they won't be dithered. Finally, American forces are able to take over the area and avenge some of the American casualties as things return to normal in the allusion of World War 3 that this movie creates.
 The movie "Red Dawn extols a vision of war in the future with somewhat a chimerical idea of Russian invasion.  A group of teens oscillate to the Rocky Mountains from their town that has been confounded by communism.  Here they rejuvenate and come together to later suppress and get revenge on the Russians who have hurt and killed their family and friends.  These acts of patriotism countervail them in the end, for some of the Wolverines are depleted.  This 1880's style movie is an allusion to World War 2.  Stars Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen give a slew of famous actors and actresses which are voluble throughout this movie.  I give it 4 stars for its banter manner and resplendent point of view.  All in all this was enjoyable to see.
 The film Red Dawn depicts the story of a World War II senario involving a motley group of students in the mid-west taking on the Cuban and Soviet insurgents.  I extol this film for the inspiring scenes and cast including Patrick Swayze, Harry Dean Stanton, Charlie Sheen, Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.    The film begins with the Soviets and the cubans using commerical airlines to transport some paratroupers in the mid-west of the United States near a school yard.  A paucity of students used thier outdoor skills and hit and run tactics in guerrila warfare against the enemies assuagley.  The parents of these kids were found culpable of their childrens' actions and were both restrained and depleted.  When finding out about the death of come of there parents they aspired to new heights by avenging the malcontent deaths with a countervail against the Soviets had exacererbated the situation by killing there parents and had further tarnished their reputation.  The students construed a plan to explode the town and eniemie forces.  Eventually, only two wre ble to survive, a small paucity from the begginning.  This movie is a true reflection of he era and I extol it with four stars.
 Red Dawn was a movie that extoled teenagers for their benevolent acts, in order to ascertain their countries rights.  When the Russians parachuted into the small Colorado town and depleted weapons from an airplane, their unheralded attack lead the teenagers fleeing to the mountains.  They were abstemious at first,until they fell a deer.  After being restrained together in the mountains for so long,they stopped bantering with each other and became noisome after Patrick Sawyze wanted to impeach Dan off the mountain.  The group of teens formed the "Wolverines and became bellicose.  They wanted to confound the Russians by avenge.  They exacerbated the war after killing some Russians behemoths.  The teenagers ingratiated themselves in the community, but became a paucity after being duped during a nefarious attack in the woods.
 Red Dawn was a theatrical response to the 1983 ABCTV movie "The Day After A conventional non-nuclear attack on U.S. soil by communist nations like Cuba and Central America supported by the Soviet Union was considered a more realistic scenario than a push-button thermonuclear war.  After the movie's release, schoolteachers talked about this issue in classrooms informing children and teens nationwide that retreating to the mountains and forests of rural America offered the best chance for  survival, and Red Dawn was the only movie that addressed that concern in a present-day style scenario, and NOT a post-apocalyptic future.  To explain the movie as a simple icon of 80's paranoia, Mad Max future, or Reagan-era propaganda is just stacking bias with more layers of bias.  The idea of a 'nuclear freeze' to halt production of nuclear warheads was a hot-button election issue from the opposition which never mounted to anything because Reagan won 49 of 50 states in a landside against Mondale.  The fear of an attack on America was considered quite real at the time.  It was not simply 2nd ammendment propaganda or revisionist history discribed by the main Amazon.com review.  The bulk of the negative criticism of Red Dawn at the time of its release was primarily its violence.  It was considered the most violent movie ever released to mainstream cinema due to the unusually high number of characters being brutally killed.  This movie should be seen as one more example of how Americans thought about the world at the time when globalization was feared if it was controlled by a possible rise of global communism out of world famine.  Red Dawn, in my opinion, is a pop culture classic.
 The most recent reviewers should do a little reading
 This movie
 In 1984, John Milius wrote and directed  Red Dawn , starring Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen. It describes a joint Communist Cuban/Soviet invasion of the Rocky Mountains. Aside from its Cold War warning, it was an ode to the gun lobby. In an early scene, a pick-up truck has a bumper sticker reading  You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers.  A Communist soldier then pries a gun from the hands of a dead Colorado resident. A group of high school football players who had been taught how to hunt, fish and live off the land by their dad, take to the mountains and form a guerilla unit, attacking the Communist occupiers in series of daring raids. In the end, the Communists are defeated and World War III is won. The high school boys are memorialized for their courage and daring in the early, dark days of the fight for freedom.
 some have called this movie the paranoid fantasy of a nut, others have called it one of the most patriot movies of the 80's. I personally think it is one  of the greatest action movies with some cautionary tales even for us today.  MAIN FEATURE  First off the movie itself transferred great to DVD, the sound, the opening, everything is just as i remember it when i first saw it in 1990(i know it came out in 84 but i first saw it in 1990)the opening sequence is just as powerful today as it was back then, and the ending still hits me in the gut. the characters, setting, and acting are as relevant today as they were in 1990 or 1984 and the locations could be anywhere and make you wonder how close this came to being real.  SPECIAL FEATURES The special feature are also great the making of red dawn(red Dawn rising) is excellent, and the other excellent feature was the making of the red menace feature which told how they made the soviet tanks and vehicles, also the ww3 come to town feature was also good and added alot to the history of the movie, the training feature was stuff i had seen before in other movies but it was ok. the inclusion of the theatrical trailer was an added bonus for someone who saw it late when i was a kid.  NEGATIVES the only really negative things i can say is this first off they could have done more with the extra features like add in something about about the possibility of such an event or thoughts from people today on the movie, the other thing is that there will be some people who cannot take the politics out of the film and will be horrified by the message it makes.  ENDING and FINAL THOUGHTS in closing if you are the kind of person who sees politics in every movie or you dont like the second amendment then steer clear of this movie, but if you loved the original or are new to the movie and bought it cause the new remake is coming out in 2012 and you wanted to see the original then you will enjoy one great movie.
 Most reviews for this film focus on the conservative values in the message, and the improbability of the events taking place. Neither is important.  This is not a pro-war film 1) Remember, Jed didn't want to fight at first. He new his family would want him to remain safe and hidden. He only fought, and led his friends and brother into fighting AFTER his family was murdered.  2) The dialog never focuses on the "killing those commie bastards". The message is that Jed and team "live here and that's what drove them to their actions, they didn't invade Russia, right? 3) There is as much focus on the Cuban officer's conflicts about war and reasons for being involved. Remember he had the opportunity to kill matt and Jed at the end of the film and didn't. And that sappy part just before Matt and Jed attack at the end of the film where he is reminiscing about better times. Films don't have to be realistic to make a point. Who cares if the likely-hood of this happening is unrealistic? Who cares if the United States has ever been invaded and the line extending through Colorado is unlikely (although the colonel explained the line worked it's way north after months of fighting, over the grill just after he joined the wolverines.)  Films can be whatever the hell they want, to express any point they like. Simplifying this film to a pro-war, pro-arms, right-wing prop piece is too simple, and really, unfortunate. I think the bottom line message is that war is terrible. The most interesting take away from the film, especially given the current situation in Iraq where American troops are being retaliated against, is that it tells a very common and very modern story from an uncommon perspective. Our nation has inflicted the kind of hurt represented in this film many times. Guerrilla rebellion, much like that in Iraq, has happened before. Maybe this film can help us to speculate the "what if"? Maybe it can help us understand why people fight back when they have nothing to lose and their families have been lost. Maybe it can help us better understand the role of the aggressor in the many conflicts our nation participates in. ...
 Wow, this movie was not affraid to push the boundaries.  Intense and dramatic, just when you think the movie is going to lighten up and become a little more "hollywood, boom something unexpected happens and you go further in.  Overall it is good movie, just don't go into it thinking it will be something like "Ruskies of even "The Goonies on some level.  This is a drama if there ever was one.
 I first saw this movie in the theater in 1984 and I loved it then and I still do. Although the movie is dated, it's still a good flick today. As a history major, It's always interesting to see a movie that asks  what if , since the last time foreign troops made war on US soil was in 1815 at the Battle of New Orleans. The combat scenes are well done, and the Pumas make good stand-ins for Mi-24 Hind As, and the equipment looks very good-in fact, the T-72 replicas even attracted CIA attention, as two agents showed up at the set asking about the T-72 and other simulated Soviet armor-it looked that real. As for the characters, you see that among the Americans, you find those who resist, eagerly collaborate with the enemy, and those who are trying to make the best of a VERY Bad situation.You also find among the Soviet/Cuban?Nicaraguan forces a mix of types-a professional Spetsnatz officer for whom counterinsurgency is his business (Afghan vet?), A Soviet General who dismisses the guerillas (and pays the supereme penalty later), and a Cuban who has seen and done too much and knows he has a LOT of blood on his hands.  There are a few plot holes that could be explained-how did Darrel get caught and planted with a tracker to lead the Spetznatz to the camp? Where's the rest of the US military? Granted they're pretty busy, but an appearance by Army SF or Rangers, or more USAF activity would have been a good addition to the movie. Or how about some more locals helping out-like the salesgirl who tells Jed about the KGB taking people away.  All in all, a great war movie.
 The first time I saw this in the mid 80s I thought it was kind of cool,  with great action, and a bit over the top. I never bought it because I just didn't think it was worth owning. Over the years as I have seen this on TV I realized this was worthy of a revisit to my initial opinion. As I have grown in age, I realized these young teens are thrown into a whole different world and their over-acting if you will, is quite honestly nothing more than I think a teen would do when stressed to this point. After all they lose their families and their world is turned upside down. What am I talking about, any adult would over-act as well in this kind of post holocaust situation. Basicly become distraught and over emotional.  So all things considered this movie deserves much more credit than it typically gets from critics. It is a good fictional story. The action and special effects are well done. I finally ordered a copy for my DVD library. Don't wait till you have seen it at least a half dozen times on TV like me. The commercials are to painful for that. You can even buy it with "Navy Seals in a two pack for less than fifteen dollars. "Navy Seals is a reasonably good movie as well and for about seven dollars and change each it is a good deal. Navy Seals has Charlie Sheen, Michael Biehn, Bill Paxton, Dennis Haysbert, and several other familiar faces. Good action movie that most people will enjoy. So grab a Big Gulp and a big bowl of popcorn and make an afternoon of it.
 If you remember the mini-series "Amerika from a few years later (1987) this movie has a similar premise, except that it's a single feature and is only 2 hours long. In the movie, NATO has been dissolved, Europe is impotent to help, there is a Communist revolution in Mexico, and the U.S. is now isolated. At that point the USSR carries out a successful first nuclear strike and the central portion of the U.S. is occupied by Russian, Cuban, and Nicaraguan forces. "Free America zones still exist on the west and east coast.  As a depiction of what behind-the-lines guerilla warfare would be like after a Soviet takeover, I found it fairly realistic but I'm not an expert on military matters and especially guerilla tactics. I note some people here found the success of the high school students improbable, but another more knowledgeable reviewer pointed out that initially guerillas often are very successful but then that dwindles as the enemy figures out what's going on and how to combat it--which was what happened in this movie when most of the original band eventually get killed.  The movie has a solid cast of young actors and Powers Boothe has a role as a downed F-15 pilot who helps mentor the young guerillas until he's killed. Harry Dean Stanton, the legendary character actor who has appeared in hundreds of films, has a brief role as one of the boy's fathers. And viewers can see Charlie Sheen in an early role before he became much more famous, or perhaps infamous, later on.  There's enough action in the movie, with numerous staged raids by the young guerillas to keep your interest up during the entire movie. Toward the end of the movie the young band takes out a Soviet tank in a difficult action which I thought was one of the best scenes. I found it to be a credible depiction of what might happen if the USSR did in fact bring off a first nuclear strike, destroying our missiles, military bases, important cities, and political centers first, and what the occupation during the aftermath might be like.  With the dissolution of the former Soviet Union such a scenario is of course unlikely, but at the time Glasnost was still some years in the future, the collapse of the Berlin wall another 6 years away, and the Cold War was still on. As a reminder of what could have happened this movie is still worth a look.  By the way, there's an excellent Wikipedia article on this movie which mentions among other things that this was the first movie given a PG-13 rating.  I also note that the mini-series Amerika doesn't appear on Amazon so apparently it never made it to video, which is too bad since I would liked to have seen it again. It is listed on the IMDB, which mentions that it was made in response to the 1983 movie, The Day After, which some viewed as left-wing propaganda. There's also a good Wikipedia article on it too if you're interested.
 I don't know who led off with your Editorial Review (just below the product information) but I don't think it's very smart to trash a movie, beliefs and lifestyle that many of your customeres consider almost iconic.  Red Dawn was a stark and in many ways very realistic view of something my generation grew up with, the real threat of WWIII.  The movie also ties into the imagination and feelings of young people who grew up under this nuclear cloud.  Would I have gone to the hills and fought an invader, you bet I would have, and most of the people I grew up with would have too!  As far as trashing the second amendment.  I defy your reviewer to look at any other historical example of a country moving in that direction that hasn't resulted in an oppressed citizenship or outright facism.  I would hope your product presentation people would be a little more careful in the future about how they lead into product information...
 I saw this movie in the theaters. I liked it then and I still like it now, in spite of being a  left-wing wacko.  Being roughly of the same age as the people in the movie, I saw this movie as a renunciation of what I was being told at the time, that the young people of America were lost and useless. So I enjoyed that positive message. Yes, there's a fair amount of cheesy dialogue. Yes, there are a few minor plot problems. (Not as many as some people might think, if they actually watched the whole movie and paid attention.) On the whole, it still works for me and not just because of nostalgia. I am somewhat disappointed by the quality of this DVD. The sound isn't as good as I expected. The picture quality isn't that great either. I hope at some point, they'll remaster this movie and re-release it, maybe with some commentary from some of the now grownup stars, for example. One thing that caught my attention today was that the operation to capture Saddam Hussein was called,  Red Dawn.  And the two locations the military was investigating were called Wolverine 1 and Wolverine 2. I wonder how that came about. Apparently, there are still some fans of the movie in the Fourth ID. Anyway, this left-wing wacko gives this movie two thumbs up. It's entertaining, which is all I expected then and more than I expect now.
 All of the strong opinions aside, this movie dates waaay back before Americans realized that the people of the Soviet Union stood in line for three days for shoes, and it was a coin toss if they would wear them or eat them. Hollywood needs a bad guy, and the Soviets were ripe material. Even that being said, the opening scrawl sets up a very hypothetical situation, a series of events, that weakens America's stance in the world theatre that opens up the possibility of a Communist invasion.  As a movie, it's simple, got some good action and young people trying to come to grips with the world gone mad and the role they are forced to play. The movie is dated, plays upon a world situation now long gone in the history books. But, you don't have to think much or follow a deep plot or get too much into the characters. The story does not ask much, has one or two humorous right-wing nods to common gun control issues, and delivers a movie that leaves you asking, "where did they find all of those Soviet model armored vehicles?  Hollywood is about to release a re-make, where apparently China gets tired of waiting for Obama to pay back that $800 billion he borrowed, and are tired of SNL making funny skits of the situation, and so invade the U.S. to get their money back. If you think this 80s movie was bad, just wait until the remake and you will come to appreciate this simple film shot in lovely Las Vegas, NM.
 Of course, the events portrayed in "Red Dawn could never have taken place. The US armed forces would never have allowed such an invasion to get a toehold, let alone to be completed - the lessons of Normandy, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa were too fresh in the memory. Besides, no foreign nation could have defeated the US forces on their own ground.  That said, the movie constitutes a marvellous mental exercise in seeing things from the other guy's point of view. Scan through the reviews here, and count the references to dealing with the invader the American way - with hot lead, cold steel, etc. Then turn the picture upside down, and imagine the invaders are Americans and British, and the Wolverines are Iraqi or Afghan "insurgents". If you do it quickly enough, you will probably get some invaluable cognitive dissonance, as your ideas are shaken up. Then, perhaps, you will realize that Americans don't have a monopoly on hating and resisting invaders. Everyone feels exactly the same.  As an action movie, "Red Dawn scores high. Apart from the implausibility of the whole scenario, the plot is reasonably credible and consistent. Like "The Patriot and "Braveheart", it stirs the blood with exciting combat sequences. Strongly recommended for all but military nitpickers.
 My goodness this movie can still get some folks worked up can't it? My wife calls me a moderate Republican - which I consider to be a compliment. I like this movie and what it has to say about patriotism, defending ones  home, the destruction of the soul due to warfare, and standing by one's  family and friends. Isn't it interesting that those films which push so  hard beliefs that many find to be offensive, such that the American family  is corrupt and dysfunctional ala American Beauty, are heaped with awards  and critical acclaim. Yet let a movie be made that promotes somewhat more  traditional beliefs like Red Dawn does and it is instantly attacked as a  piece of right wing / white supremacist garbage. If one doubts this just  look at the comments made by Hillary Clinton in regards to Mel Gibson's  movie The Patriot. This movie isn't evil nor is it a handbook for right  wing terrorists. It simply takes a scenario that seemed viable in the early  80's and runs with it. Throughout history gurreilla forces have been  comprised of the young, old, fat, thin, rich and poor. A fight against an  occupation force is alwys vicious and unrelenting. And the Soviets did  engage in atrocities in Afghanistan, the Ukraine, and Hungary in 56 and so  on. I don't understand why so many find it unbelievable that if they had  occupied us they wouldn't have done the same. Perhaps because we are  Americans and  bad things like that don't happen to us? Well this movie is  basically a war movie in the tradition of the forties and at times it isn't  very sophisitcated, but by golly it does move out with a purpose. I just  find the still active controversy over it to be fun. It definitely shows  the difference between we nasty conservatives and the enlightened liberal  elites. I for one thought that the mayor of the town, who serves the  invaders so easily, could be the poster child for the  new   Centrist Liberals.
 If I were to say nothing else about Red Dawn, it contains perhaps the most awe inspiring (while, perhaps, simultaneously stupid) opening of any film I've ever seen. Watch for a South Park, "they killed Kenny..  moment as a student hangs out a window in a backround shot of the attack on the school.  Unfortunately, squabbles between America's right and left have twisted this movie's meaning into something almost unrecognizable. Maybe I am mistaken (certainly, most of the other reviews would disagree with me) but I have never thought there was anything which fundamentally constrained this film's theme to the time and place it is set in. The director, John Milius, takes pains (his characters sometimes explicitly mouth the connection)to draw parrallels between the guerilla actions in the film, and those which occured in Afghanistan, Central America, Vietnam, etc.  Murray Rothbard notes in his review how the phases the Russians go through, in countering the film's guerillas, mirror those used by US commanders in Vietnam
 For all those (especially those from the former Soviet Union) who dismiss this movie as simple-minded right-wing propaganda I would ask that you read  about the Soviet invasions, and the resulting brutalization, of Hungary,  Czechoslovakia, Poland, and Afghanistan.  The Leninist-Stalinist strain of  communism was aggressive and the brutal behavior of the Soviet army during  that era is well-documented.  The Maoist version is no better (see the  Cultural Revolution and the Tianammen Square massacre).  As for the idea of  high school students managing a small guerrilla war being unrealistic,  check out the recent news articles about Burmese rebels led by 12 year old  twins.  How completely far-fetched!  How laughable!  But it's true.  For  the open-minded, Red Dawn is an interesting and thoughtful examination of  what could have been.  Fortunately, the Reagan administration's economic  and military policies led to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end  of the Cold War without a shot being fired.  Quite an accomplishment for a  bunch of right-wing warmongerers, don't you think?
 Great little movie , it was though the writer ,producer and director had looked in to the future forseeing the destruction of the country. Foreign troops russian and cubans oppressing,killing our people , fathers mothers children and atomic war destoring our cities. Yet a small band of untrained youth take up the action and fight back , all the young actors played great parts , Patrick Swayze , charlie sheen a strong brother connection of leadership , C F Howell Lea Thompson and Jennifer Grey  adapting thru fear tears to become strong willing to give their lives for freedom. Made in 1984 , Los Vegas New Mexico , everyone should see it and consider its message that was openly displayed by the writer ,Valkyrie and Sidney Beckman Know how to stirr your emotions and leave with WHAT IF !!!!!!!!! LUDDY
 Many Americans think that bad guys cannot take over the US.  Perhaps the plot of this film is not likely, but it was far more possible than I think many Americans realize.  The film is thought provoking, and entertaining if you like adventure films.  It also reaffirms the moral bankruptcy of communism and other totalitarian regimes.  Many critics do not like this film because it leaves the impression that our individual ownership of weapons is a very important right under our Constitution.  Our founding fathers knew that.  This film just makes the modern case for the necessity of our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and the danger of totalitarian governments.
 Despite the somewhat bombastic patriotism, this film does have its parallels in history.  Taking lessons from the Russian and Yugoslav partisans in World War II, the filmaker has set the scene in a Colorado  town using a 1970s Army War College scenario of an overwhelming  conventional assault on the continental United States as a backdrop.  With  this as a beginning, the film actually portrays a believable situation.  The acting is above average, with several good performances by Powers  Booth, Patrick Swazye and Jennifer Grey.  You'll also see some other faces  of the hollywood  brat pack  in small parts, most notably Charlie  Sheen.  For those who say  it couldn't happen , one only needs to  look as far as the Crimea, Ukraine, Yugoslavia, and France from 1941-1944.
 The series is great and a good way to practice listening comprehension with Japanese as well as be entertained. It is a dark series, but for those that like murder mystery, suspense, and horror, it is a great watch.
 Excellent anime. The volume 7 is a good one to reinforce the new characters.
 I have read the whole Manga series and my wife didn't. We both enjoy watching the Anime together. The Anime stays faithful to the Manga story. The plot gets more complicated and interesting by 10 folds. She is really getting sucked in the story as Light & L battle wits. The enclosed mini L statue is plasticy and nothing too excited. I wouldn't buy it on its own. But for a few bucks along with the DVD, it isn't bad and L crouches happily on top of our TV. You may want to concider the regular edition without the statue. What I hate about the series is the English dubbing, which quite lame, but not bad. The extras are nothing to be excited about, so I subtracted a star for the cons I mentioned. Otherwise, it is a must buy.
 If you've seen volumes one and two, you know what to expect
 I like this, i wish they had more than just vol 1&2 that are english dubbed.
 Most anime fans have heard of Death note.  Light yagami picks up a notebook of a death god.  Now he can kill people by writing in the notebook.  The dub is pretty good.  It does the series justice.
 This video consists of interviews with Segovia at his home and throughout the countryside and villages of Spain in 1969. Three full pieces performed on film,the rest are excerpts or background music narrating shots of the Spanish countryside. Also , footage of a child and donkey ,etc. illustrating a piece from  Platero and I  as Segovia reads from the poem of the same name in Spanish.The coverage of his playing is good , as are the interviews. This has better film coverage and sound of the playing than the  Segovia Legacy  video. video is 1 hour long.Worth the money.
 I think Sugar Valentine was a great movie, besides for the fact that was based on a true story, this movie was written in a perfect way so that you would follow it and like it all. Overall I think it was a great movie. *Sponsored Post
 Sugar Valentine was a good movie that needed to tell the story and little bit more. It left you wondering what happened in between because it is a true story.  Sugar was a broke pimp that was trying to get his game back and in the meantime he fell in love with an undercover cop that took the little bit of his pimp game away.
 Paz Vega creates the steamiest Carmen ever in this gorgeous period drama. She brings the character to life. This isn't Bizet's Carmen, though. This one takes impulsiveness and fiery temper to extremes, and combines that volatile mix with a personality that seems to interact with others only to manipulate them. Then, with raw sensuality as her lure and reward, she brings out the same in men, not just poor Jos&eacute;.  The settings come to life almost as much as the characters - that cavernous cigar factory at the start, the cities of nineteenth century Spain (but much older), and the rocky, raw wilds ruled by bandits. Award-winning costumes help too, including gaudy soldier's uniforms, and elaborate recreations of women's clothes, down to humble details like drawers.  Don't expect to like these characters. Jos&eacute;'s military honor implodes, leaving a shell of murderous jealousy. Carmen herself - kissing a viper seems safer. Not even the lush promise of her body makes that look like such a good deal. Nice people don't make good drama, and these are very dramatic. Recommended, but not for the skin-shy.  -- wiredweird
 This film is an adaptation of the original story that the opera Carmen was based on. It has a great look ( very Goya in it's landscapes ) and it has an actress, Paz Vega, who is quite believeable as a woman who could make most fellows stray off the straight and narrow!!! Well worth a look!
 This film is an almost line-by-line retelling of Prosper M&eacute;rim&eacute;e's short story Carmen, which, decades later, became the source of Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Hal&eacute;vy's libretto for Bizet's opera. The American DVD edition cover dutifully dumbs this down for our consumption
 I should have read the description and reviews before ordering. I thought I was ordering the opera CARMEN, which I have loved since seeing it on television in the 1960s, even though I was a teenager and a fan of The Beatles and other pop/rock music. I've always had an open mind and loved all kinds of music.  This is not a musical. It is a movie based on the storyline of the opera.  CARMEN is in Spanish, but has the option of subtitles in English as well as other languages. The film and sets are beautiful, as is the actress Paz Vega, who plays the part of Carmen.  I can't give it less than four stars, because it is a very well made movie. I will now have to find a good version of the opera to order. I would appreciate any suggestions.
 This is a very well directed movie, showing how a person can go from normal to outlaw to criminal by falling in love with the wrong woman, admirably played by Paz Vega. The action is all very credible, a testament to the quality of acting.  If you want to understand the concept of Femme Fatale, you should see it.
 Having gone to opera, I knew pretty much what was going to happen, but this movie really fleshed it out. There is a lot of nudity, but it makes sense ? I didn't mind reading the subtitles as I would rather hear their real voices instead.  Hard to believe a opera written in 1800's still stands up and is still current.  Actors were outstanding in their roles, I highly recommend this movie.
 If you are looking for a video that depicts the struggles of immigrants coming to America, then this video is an eye opener. It will provide you with insights that you would never thought about.  The video will give you ideas on what we can do to help our immigrants be more successful and independent.
 Good film showing the struggles of two refugees' integration into American society.  Shows the everyday struggles of two young men that have known nothing but hardship.  This documentary shows bits of life in the refugee camp, through their transition and first year in America.  Would've liked to have gotten more of their back story, as it is an amazing story of survival.
 I would love to see how these guys mature over many years.  I hope they're encouraged to pursue medical careers because Africa needs more teaching hospitals and more science education.  The boys make a good impression of their tribe and I love their deep rich coloring.  They look awesome.  I saw this documentary when it aired after Dinka Diaries and I think that Lost Boys should be viewed first and considered as the main movie and Dinka Diaries is kind of an extra feature.
 I saw this film on TV and quite liked it. Can't rate the DVD but the journey these people from Africa to the US (Texas I think) is truly amazing. I can't imagine what it would be like to experience it first hand but thankfully the film takes us on their journey. Well worth seeing.
 ...It is scary - Dink and friends are often being chased by T-Rex, who roars like a lion - and yet my son really wants/needs to watch it. The animation is done by the Hanna-Barbera studios of my childhood. The video contains 5 or so stories about Dink and his friends' adventures as little dinosaurs. The stories teach simple lessons about helping others and the dangers of practical jokes. Although, I basically think this video is fine, I would have preferred something less intense. That's not to say my son would prefer that though!
 Unlike "CN Halloween Volume 3", "CN Christmas Volume 3 is probably the best one yet !  Here's a look at what episodes this DVD has
 Although I enjoyed all of the shows on this DVD, the title is deceptive. The "Camp Lazlo episode has nothing to do with anything. The "Ed,Edd n Eddy and "Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends episodes are based on bithdays ... so "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy and "Codename Kids Next Door are the only two episodes based on X-mas. The DVD is promoted as Cartoon Network Christmas 3 leading you to believe that the cartoons would be based around X-mas episodes. Don't get me wrong, all the episodes were good with minor distractions (heavy blinking) where commericals were to be inserted in the longer shows. Overall, I enjoyed this DVD as a lot of the good cartoons are very rarely shown anymore.
 While on a routine mission to resupply the Tantalus V rehabilitation colony, Kirk and company are shocked to discover that the facility's director is using a mind-control device to control the inmates. ''Dagger of the Mind'' is one of the better episodes from Star Trek's first season.  While there are some plot inconsistencies and gaps in the story-line, the episode is quite enjoyable.  This episode contains moments of high drama and suspense, as well some action.  Here are a few of my observations
 Over the years, my sister Cathy and I have used Dr. Simon Van Gelder's description of the Neural Neutralizer as a catch-all description of things unpleasant
 I watched the whole series, not just this box set. I am including this as there is not much commentary in north america about this series.  This was a pretty good series. Only drawback is that animation is quite mediocre ie if used to ghost in the shell/mamoru oshi stuff, then it looks very cheap. Cheap in that there is not much contrast in color scheme & palette is bluish.  HOwever, if you liked MIDNIGHT RUN w/ De Niro which action sequences were very clever, not predictable & situations were funny. THen YOu would love this series.  Not as pretentious as NOIR. Very Fun.  Please note that amazon review that this show is very fan service is wrong. Only fan service really in opening credit & beginning episodes. NOT like Aika or Najica level.
 I just ordered Smallville season 10 and Thought is was a good deal at $20.99, however i realized after I ordered that best buy has it for $14.99 with free shipping this week. I wish I would have checked out their site first, I could have saved 6.00. Amazon usually has the best price. Would be great if they refunded me the difference but I doubt they will. I loved Smallville and the whole series was entertaining. Season 10 was a decent ending to a great show. Too bad they wouldn't come up with a Justice League series with all the super heroes that were on Smallville.
 The tenth and final season of "Smallville features some outstanding shows such as the premiere episode, "Lazarus and the series' 200th episode, "Homecoming. Of course the march to the finale kept fans tuning in week after week. I have watched the show for years and enjoyed it although I realized it was uneven at times and didn't always pay off. To me, the final show, "Finale is a perfect example of this. A lot of season ten was spent on Clark and Lois Lane's relationship and plans for the wedding. The first hour of the finale focused on the wedding and then, guess what? No wedding! It may happen seven years from now! What??!! Then, we were teased with the Superman suit in the first episode and other shows including the next-to-last show. Did they pay that off? No, of course not! Welling never dons the suit. We get a CGI Superman flying and a rip of his shirt revealing the Superman logo for the final shot. Even an extreme close-up of Welling with a CGI cape billowing behind him. Again, what the heck??!! I really had faith that writers Brian Peterson and Kelly Souders would come through. Now I am left with a disappointment with the series due to the finale and Tom not flying with the suit on. The pay-offs were lacking. We did get a great scene of Jonathan handing the suit to Clark (for what good that did!) and a great shot of Clark flying out of the fortress and I liked the shot too when Lois saw him flying outside the plane. But I had hoped to smile when I think of the finale and I don't. I did like the scene when Jonathan and Martha and Clark all embrace in the barn as Apocalypse is heading toward earth. One can only hope that maybe a reunion movie will be made some day and Tom Welling, realizing how disappointed many fans were, will actually no longer fear to put the suit on. I will buy this season but with a mixed bag of emotions.
 While many fans of the show have shown mixed feelings about the finale after thinking about the entire series from begging to end while it wasn't what many were expecting and while it lets us down a little the finale still was pretty appropriate for the series in general.  If you've seen the show from the first season then this is a must have for any completest fan,  I'm a little sad the see the show finally over but after a long run of ten years the producers and creators have the right to be very proud of the shows success to stay on the air that long.  So for fans of the Superman universe here's comes a great set for us to enjoy and lament a little of a show we knew as Smallville...
 <a href="http
 Okay, this is it, my final review of Smallville for Season 10.  The ending of the show had its high points and low points, lets run down the episodes!  1. Lazurs.....In great Smallville fashion. A great opening........to the season, some incredible moments with Lex showing up (NOT Michael Rosenbaum) at least not yet  2.  Shield...........Hated the new character of Cat Grant......made this episode unwatchable.  But a little interesting storyline with Lois and Carter in Egypt  3. SUpergirl.........Kara returns,  good episode for the season  4. Homecoming.......Probably the best episode of the whole season,  A look into Clarks future,  Brainiac returns!  5. Isis........DID NOT LIKE IT!  6.  Harvest.........DID NOT LIKE IT!........but be sure to watch the Tess/Alexandar storyline........very powerful  7.  Ambush.......The Lanes are back together.......2 words....MICHAEL Ironside.....and keep ur eye open for Teri Hatcher  8.  Abanonded.....great episode.....we learn that much more about Tess.....does she have a relationship with somebody?  9.  Patriot.......oh god, Aquman returns...LAME  10. Luthor.......YES LIONEL Luthor returns,  AWESOME  11.  Icarus........decent episode,  a character dies.  12.  Collaterl.....What is Chloe up to.  Great episode  13. Beacon.......Good episode,  Martha Kent is back  14. Masquerade.......I thought it was a rather boring episode.  15. Fortune.....Funny episode.....The whole crew wakes up from a "hangover  16. Scion.......good episode.....So is Alexandar good or bad?  17. Kent........great episode.....What? Jonathan Kent is back??  18.  Booster.....not one of my favs  19. Dominon....Clark and Oliver are back in the PHantom Zone.  GREAT EPISODE!  20.  Propechy.....The build up to the FINAL episode.....What is happening to Oliver??  21.  THE FINAL EPISODE.........Could have been better, it was good but not great.  Dont really get a clear shot of Clark flying or in the suit....Michael Rosenbaum returns,  but it didnt do anything for me  All in all, it was a great SHOW!  But the final episode, could have been so much stronger!
 I just saw the last two episodes of Smallville they mostly talked threw the hole show there were no real fight scene's and to top it off we really didn't see  him in his superman close's and if we did it was from far away. I think they could have done a better job for the last episode they were suppose to have darkside on there and trust me dark side looks nothing like what they had on the show he really didn't even fight superman. They only showed Green Arrow for like 15 seconds then the talking part was like 30 minutes I seen better Superman stuff then what they did, Superman Returns and Justice League did way better job's then that, Im sorry I watch Smallville for a long time but the episode was not that good, for any show to have a last episode it dosen't matter if its Icarly,Ben 10 or 24 you make sure the last episode is the best.
 This is coming from a fan of the entire series. I have watched every episode, deleted scene, commentary, and other special feature from it. I even bought some of the music from it on itunes. When I got to this season, I couldn't wait to finally see superman. I was excited for the finale as I am sure any reader of this review would be. I want to share my feelings about this season alone and hopefully it would help you decide whether or not to purchase it.  I would only recommend buying it if you are diehard like me. If you haven't seen ALL of the episodes before this season, I really mean ALL, you may not understand the ending. This season is about tying up all the loose ends from EVERY previous episode. The series had a lot of loose ends in it and you can tell in this season the writer's had to select their words very carefully to be consistent throughout the finale story. They pulled off the finale exceptionally well but if you don't have the big picture of the other seasons first, you may get lost and regret using your money buying this season.  If you watch movies and shows purely for entertainment purposes, you won't be disappointed. It is a very entertaining season. It has drama, humor, action, sexiness, and heartwarming moments. There are times where you will feel all emotions. There is one episode with Oliver Queen that I particularly think everyone would enjoy. I laughed so hard I am sure the neighbors a block away could hear.  This season is about darkness and love. Both are portrayed visually. I would not allow someone younger than 16 to watch this because some of moments are a little too grown up for kids any younger. That's my opinion though.  The bluray version, which I own, is probably not much better than the DVD version in terms of graphics and sound. You would be happy with either. I bought the bluray because I am a believer that bluray will last longer.  I had high hopes that it would go out with a bang. It was actually how expected it to be. I give it four stars because I had fun but really I don't think everyone who watches it will.
 I was of cource thrilled to see him fly and become superman. But the acting of lois is really bad  and went on my nervs. This was a bad coise of casting the role. At all a good ending of a long jorney.
 Smallville has been fun.  But it was time to end it.  This set comes in a plastic case that's pretty sturdy.  The previous seasons I've bought, except for 9, are in cardboard cases.  What I can say is to be careful and buy it right from Amazon.  I got it from a marketplace seller at first and was sent a bootleg copy.  It was a really authentic-looking copy.  But it was a copy none-the-less.  No copy protection.  Single-layer compressed video.  Pretty cheap veneer on the discs (easily scratched).  The authentic set is better quality.
 Clark Kent faces his final challenge to finally become the Man of Steel in Smallville
 I absolutely loved Season 10 for about 12 or 13 episodes. The first episode was absolutely friggin brilliant. The whole Lex Luthor thing even seemed feasible....a bit of a stretch...but I was willing to go with it.  The episodes that followed in which they were trying to figure out how their relationship could work was the brightest spot of the whole season for me. That whole darkness and cape business seemed to drag the storylines down. I wish the focus would have stayed on Clark and Lois. Loved the show. Hope their is a spin off of some kind in the future.
 The product was excellent and a welcomed end. Seeing that Smallville was a pre-Superman time period, I was bothered by how the series continually limited his ability, stretched out his learning curve, and dumb down his intellect. The series was entertaining and disturbing at the same time. "Somebody Save Me will always be a memorable tune.
 Smallville has had its ups and downs in its ten year run.  It seemed to struggle the most in the middle seasons, but the later seasons picked things back up again.  The final season for Smallville is still one of the better ones. The things that made Smallville great are still present
 Smallville is a beautiful show and blue ray does it justice but as with the past few seasons of smallville the extra features are lacking. i do not know why Welling does not involve himself in a show that he is the heart of. but for a smallville fan the BR version is the only way to go.
 This season really wraps up 10 years of story line. There are some really good episodes. The best is an episode you could call "The Smallville Hangover". It is very funny, and just like the movie "The Hangover". Another episode, directed by Justin Hartley (aka Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) is probably the best episode of the season. The only reason I say that it isn't as good as season 9 is that they linger on one topic (I won't say what, as not to ruin it for ya'll) for TOO MANY EPISODES. There are some surprise guest stars, and some surprise 'blasts from the past'. If you are a true Smallville/Superman/DC fan, you will really get a kick out of this season. I DO recommend it. Just, don't be expecting it to be fantastic...If you ask me, Season Nine is the best season out of all of them. But Season 10 won't disappoint, as long as you don't expect it to be season 9.
 I suppose I am a bit different having grown up with Superman in black and white but I find it detrimental to the episodes to spend as much as 25 minutes per episode in close ups of the most dysfunctional people/heroes in prime time since the advent of soap operas trying to figure themselves out, never so much indecisiveness.  Don't get me wrong, Cassidy Freeman and Erica Durance are proven to be every bit as pretty in bluray. That's worthy of their entire close ups, but John Glover? Please! There should have been only brief seconds at a time, no offense John because you are one of the better actors on the show. OK, that's the downside, the rest is good!  Lois and Clark are getting married - no they're not - yes they are - no there not, well if you don't pay close attention when it matters most to the answer - you'll miss it! And then you will go hummmm, better watch that again...got to love having it on discs!  Many die but it was sad to see a favorite die - didn't see that coming. Best surprise was doc Emil and his best moment...well, along with Tess, it was fun to watch.  I liked the boldness in bringing back characters from the dead and when in doubt - they just did anyway. I liked all that maneuvering, the use of Braniac was done nicely (had to say that `cause in the extra feature special, they said they slaved over that for days before they figured it out - not sure I would have admitted to that.)  After all is said and done everything seems in place to go where............well, we already know the rest of the story!
 Rather like the make-it-up-as-you-go-along shows "The X-Files, and "Lost, it's obvious that the "Smallville creators never expected this series to last more than a couple of seasons at best.  By season 10 Smallville and the Kent farm are not much more than a place to feed the dog and stare out toward the heavens from the hay loft of the barn.  From the beginning the series made the bold (and not necessarily wise) decision to discount the existing Superman myth and create a soap opera that would focus on entertaining young teens.  Once it was clear that this excursion would have little (or nothing) to do with the comic book character, I just went along for the ride, finding some episodes worthwhile and others close to embarrassing.  We find strange, distorted personifications of the Martian Manhunter, Green Arrow, Aquaman, Supergirl, select members of the JLA, etc., with the stitching for all frayed and generally disappointing.  Like so many other successful programs, "Smallville did its best to fill the unexpected void opened up to the producers, cast, crew and scriptwriters.  Sometimes I really wanted to shame the writers for their staggering lack of imagination and reliance on older, staid sci fi material.  Since the series cowered away from turning Kal El into the ultimate superhero for years, we were always left with a kind of quasi-Superman, emotionally unbalanced, unfocused, and ignorant of his role as a self-sacrificing hero.  On balance, I credit the cast that so often made the totally ridiculous into something palatable.
 This show has changed so much over a 10 year run. The only original characters left were Clark of course and Chloe(MY FAVORITE). The original laws of anyone who finds out he has powers dies ended long ago. Fot a few seasons It was nothing more than a night time soap opera. With everything for 1 special effect was even gone. Still the effects of there slow motion technique, allowing us to see what happens In the blink of an eye Is well worked and Impressive. So now the ending. Without giving anything away, It was the most creative season In 3 years. Everything and the many many subplots were all explained or had an ending. I guess that's the good thing about knowing It was the last season the cast seemed to want to work even harder for that lasting Impression of their acting. I'd give this 5 stars If I was rating my personal taste and if a 4.5 I would but I can't give It 5 stars. It's just not In that catagory In any way. BUT please all you long time fans will love the season and 2 episode ending. After Zod, this was fresh and Lois of course who brought the show the best new blood of all when she arrived' Is the best of the season again. I believe her and Tess are the best actors on the show. Get this on Blu Ray If you can, It's eye popping. The top of the daily Planet , and everything. Hope this helps at all.
 Yes, this was choppy at times, but haven't most of the SV seasons for the past 4 been choppy? Here in ten, Clark sort of gets back in the groove and begins to take on the seriousness that is needed as he transitions to Supe. The special FX are getting better every season and this looks especially good on a High Def TV. Enjoyable, still not tops like the first few seasons were. We have high hopes for this final season though showing right now and the last few episodes should be the best ever.
 I think Sugar Valentine was a great movie, besides for the fact that was based on a true story, this movie was written in a perfect way so that you would follow it and like it all. Overall I think it was a great movie. *Sponsored Post
 Sugar Valentine was a good movie that needed to tell the story and little bit more. It left you wondering what happened in between because it is a true story.  Sugar was a broke pimp that was trying to get his game back and in the meantime he fell in love with an undercover cop that took the little bit of his pimp game away.
 My kids love Thomas movies. They especially love the animated ones. Although Misty Island Rescue has a few plot problems, the boys don't care. I liked the film because Percy, the shy engine, has a bigger role in this one. He also shows us that he can be really brave to help his best friend Thomas.
 My little guy likes this movie. (I wasnt too impressed though. I guess I like the old school Thomas episodes). He loves ANYTHING thomas. He loves the shakey shakey bridge and logging locos 
 My son LOVES Thomas.  So much so that he gets very excited whenever there is a new one coming out.  He loves the fact that the faces actually move and talk now.  The Blue Ray arrived right on time and in excellent condition.  I will use the vendor again in the future.
 This is a great movie.  My son loves Thomas and Friends. He loved this movie so much that we purchased it for a friend of his for Christmas.
 My grandson loves Thomas the Train. Amazon has the largest selection of DVDs.  The DVD arrived in great shape and fast..
 We get to see more Pretty Sammy!  This time she has to use her magical powers agains an evil monopolist software titan Biff Standard (seems alot like Bill Gates) who wants to take over the world with his operating System (Microsoft Windows). Of course, her nemesis Pixy Misa gets involved with Bill Gates , I mean Biff Standard (same thing) so poor Bill (umm Biff) has a fighting chance. In all the commotion, there are some tender moments revealing what's going on inside of Sasami's head.  That's what makes this series special.  She's the perfect daughter we would all like to have. The Sammy series is extra complicated because 4 different instances of it exist. Pretty Sammy originated in a follow-up to the Tenchi Muyo OVA called the  Mihoshi Special  and later re appeared in one of the fantasy within a fantasy episodes of the Tenchi Universe Series. (It was Sasami's dream to be Pretty Sammy). Next came the OVA, which is what this tape is from. Later a TV series followed. Recommmended for Shoujo (Japanese Girl Anime) and Tenchi fans. This one is extra funny for those who work in the computer industry.  This is also good for little kids, and those who are kids at heart.
 I was so hoping that this was the Tenchi that I had watched a while ago but alas it is not. Also none of the voice actors were the same as in the older Tenchi shows. I did like it but it was also very confusing to what I was used to in a Tenchi show. So I don't disapprove of it I just would rather watch Tenchi in Tokyo or Tenchi Universe.
 This particular volume in the Tenchi Muyo OAVs brings us the conflict with Kagato, the introduction of another girl into Tenchi's extended family and a comedy episode with some foreshadowing for things to come. It still features the usual mix of comedy and plot twists galore that the Tenchi Muyo OAVs are well known for. The disc comes with Japanese and English audio which will satisfy fans of both preferences. But special features in this disc are lacking as the only notable feature is a collection of trailers for titles that Pioneer/Geneon recently distributed and licensed back in 2002/ 2003 when this DVD first came out. If you just want the episodes, then this volume of the Tenchi Muyo OAVs is worth purchasing. If you want special features, then try hunting down the Tenchi Muyo Ultimate Edition DVD set which has an extensive offering of special features for fans to go giddy over.
 Three and a half stars for this one.  Okay, SINGH IS KINNG is pretty silly, but tubloads of fun. It's mostly a comedy but with several action sequences thrown in. And, naturally, a romantic subplot creeps in.  In the Punjab region there sits a tiny village, in which dwells the well-meaning but ridiculously accident-prone Happy Singh (Akshay Kumar). When Happy's most recent escapade - in which he tries to capture a runaway chicken - ends up wrecking half the village, the outraged villagers concoct a scheme to get him out of their hair. The scheme pays off as it results in Happy volunteering to go to Australia to fetch back the notorious gangster Lucky Singh, who hails from this same village and is causing it massive levels of shame with his illegal exploits. So off Happy goes.  Except that a ticket mishap has him making a brief stopover in Egypt, where he meets and falls for the gorgeous law student Sonia (Katrina Kaif). Finally in Australia, Happy finds himself getting the brush off from Lucky, who'd rather stay in Australia and keep on living it up as a powerful gangster. But when Lucky is paralyzed (in a hilarious sequence), Happy is, sort of, elected as the new don, the new king of the Australian underworld. So, now, Singh is Kinng.  Yes, the plot is absurd and over-the-top. The characters are full-on stereotypes. And if you haven't seen a lot of Bollywood films, this one might make you groan quite vigorously. One constant in Bollywood is the big coincidence, and that's here, too. I don't think it's much of a shocker when you find out that the girl Happy meets and falls for in Egypt turns out to be the daughter of the kindly old woman who befriends him in Australia. And following that age-old Bollywood story device, of course, the daughter is already engaged.  Speaking of that old woman, the plot takes time to borrow a page from Frank Capra's <a href="http
 They seemed to have gone for 'mapcap' in many sections of this movie and its story. This makes for some rather confusing fast moving sections at times and a habit of prat-falls from the hero in the beginning that he mysteriously (and fortunately) loses . The story is more fable than likely (even for a Bollywood!)-Hardened murderous thugs suddenly seeing the light and changing their ways after a throw-away line. There is a subplot involving a blind brother that should just have been dropped. The music is catchy and good. The acting is good and often not as over the top as you might expect with the storyline. so a romance takes its time. It didnt seem as characatured and silly as a lot of Indian comedy seems to be. It is more Western in style too even in the songs (though it is my hope their small attempt at hiphop remains small!) The dances were fine but for me there was too much emphasis on getting a mood by quckly jumping between closeups and long shots in a jerky way that was a bit distracting at times. I would have liked more emphasis on polishing the dance. Its ending was very sudden too and could have flowed better to what came during the credits. Despite these slight misgivings the movie was fun and enjoyable and it did have an ethical slant. Definitely to be recommended if you are happy to go with the spirit of the thing. One comment for any DVD manufacturers -  the last scene is played in smaller screen size as the credits roll around it. This is fine on a big screen but you can't see it well on a small one - and then miss a bit the end of the story in theis case. Even if you go to 'songs' on the main menu you still get the same small screen plus credits. With all the effort put into the box with this one (complete with photo postcards and a sparkly brooch I dont know what I'll do with) what about doing something about this? Then there is also the irritation of so many promos before the movie that you cant skip. So if you decide to watch the long Indian movies over 2 nights or come back just to look at the songs, you have to leave it running and go and make a cuppa (yes manufacturers - this strategy and the mute button mean we still have a way of avoiding that control!)
 The zingers come fast and furious in this "happy movie, with an aptly named "Happy (Akshay Kumar) at the center of it. The other reviews have covered the plot, so suffice it to say that the movie is a treat
 While the animation borders on archaic, there's simple math, life lessons and gosh darn, that bunny is cute...I have an autistic son who just loves it; I think in part because it's much slower paced and the narrator's voice is rather soothing...like put-mom-to-sleep soothing...
 Four somewhat geeky jr. high kids opt to make a zombie movie. Joe (Joel Courtney) is one of them. His mother has recently died and his dad (Kyle Chandler) is a deputy who is semi-understanding. Charles (Riley Griffiths) is the brains behind the film. Alice (Elle Fanning) agrees to help them with the movie. After midnight, she drives the foursome to the scene. She doesn't have a license and is worried because the deputy's son is with them. Joe promises not to tell. One boy, Cary, has a love for fire and fireworks. Alice's father (Ron Eldard) gets in trouble with the law. Her relationship with Joe is not welcomed by him. This develops into a background Romeo and Juliet scenario, something for the young teen girl appeal.  As they are rehearsing a scene at the station, a train is coming down the tracks. Charles scrambles to get a film clip of the train while shooting the scene. Then it happens
 As everybody knows by now, SUPER 8 was kind of a homage to Spielberg film by Abrams,  At the beginning, I was liking it much more than I expected and was really enjoying the 70's era vintage vibe and the story of young kids ................. BUT ............... as the movie went along it became clear it was TOO CLOSE to being a thinly disguised remake of E.T.  This became less of a homage and more of a "by the numbers plot re-work bordering on a flagrant remake with a slightly darker tone.  Up until the 50 minute mark, I felt SUPER 8 was going to be a 4.5- 5.0 star movie, but from about 55 minutes onwards it started to fall apart and fade and lost its charm and became basically gave up trying to even disguise the fact it was remaking E.T.  As with most critics of the film, the last 10 minutes (ENDING) was very weak and falls flat compared to the rest of the the film.  The kid actors (and other actors) did a great job. The set and wardrobe people did a great job.  As mentioned above ...... for the first 2/3 of the movie, it was on track to be almost a 5 star rating ............. but then it became TOO FORMULAIC and predictable and seemed TOO CLOSE to E.T. and many other similar movies.  Also the last 1/3 of the movie is where the plot holes became very obvious and the logic of the plot falls apart with inconsistencies.  Entertaining to watch and much respect for those who worked on the film, but not one we will add to our DVD collection or ever watch again in the future.
 Though this film rings of Spielberg in action - fantasy mixed with the magic of kids' imagination and camaraderie - SUPER 8 is a very entertaining film.  It is a movie within a movie - a nice twist on reality versus illusion - and the writer/director JJ Abrams has the keen idea of show the intended movie made by the kids at the end of the film during the credits. it works very well.  The story involves Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and a group of youngsters getting together to make a super 8 film of their own writing and acting and production and films
 I would've given it a 5/5 stars but the acting could have been a little stronger. The plot is real great though, it's not your typical movie. I LOVE JJ Abrams' Lost and Sci-Fi as a general genre of movies/books. Spielberg and Abrams do not disappoint. Great for ALL ages.
 The problem I always have with critically acclaimed movies is that my expectations are so high the movie can't ever live up to my expectations. On the other hand, sometimes I'll pick up a movie I have no knowledge of and have read nothing about and I'll love it. I also find that on a second viewing, I like the critically acclaimed movies more than I did on the first viewing. The letdown has passed, and I get more into the movie for what it is, not for what I expected it to be.  So here's the cover hype. Is Super 8 "the years most thrilling movie"? No. Is it "an instant classic"? No. But it is, in my opinion, a really good movie that just misses, and it's hard to put your finger on why. The acting is fine, and the kids are engaging. Special effects are right on, and the subplots work their way into the storyline without becoming cumbersome. And the kids are remarkable, even more so after watching the special features about them. The leads never acted before? It's mind boggling.  You can instantly make a comparison to E.T. (Kids & an Alien). But this picture has a totally different feel to it. The kids aren't as innocent, and the Alien isn't as sweet & helpless. They do try to pull a 360 on that fact at the end of the movie, but after raining death and destruction on the town for almost two hours, it's pretty hard to swallow. And there are some really special moments in this film. My favorite is watching Elle Fanning at the train station rehearsing her lines, and the faces on the other actors as they realize how good she is.  So you can see the problem here, nothing but good things to say about the movie, and yet, it just misses. Why? If anyone was holding me down, and needed an answer, I might just have to say that although I am a huge fan of J.J. Abrams (really), maybe the movie would have been better served if Spielberg had occupied the directors chair. Maybe the little thing this movie needed was a touch of Spielberg's magic.  4 stars for the movie, and the fact that I will watch this, I'm sure, more than a few more times down the road. It is engaging and fun, and so I do recommend this for a purchase. If you lower your expectations just a tad, you will enjoy it. Hope this helps.
 While filming a zombie horror film on Super 8, a group of young kids witness a terrifying train crash. But the crash was not an accident. Soon, the Air Force arrives and it's clear they have a dangerous secret they're trying to keep when they begin lying to the local town and strange phenomenon occurs.  The story mostly follows the young filmmakers, starring Joel Courtney, Riley Griffiths, and Elle Fanning. All of the children do an amazing job of bringing heart and a sense of wonder and humor to this thrilling story. I don't think the trailers did the film justice this summer. I didn't even bother going to the theater to watch, as the trailers didn't show any of the actual story. I regretted missing it later, after hearing friends' glowing reviews.  JJ Abrams and Spielberg teamed up to make an impressive science fiction thriller. The backdrop of the 70s is realistically low-tech, with a similar feel to the classic 1977 Spielberg film Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Though, Super 8 is much more fast-paced and full of action-packed, adventure.  The mystery and suspense builds to an exciting conclusion. During the credits, we are able to watch the kids' clever "homemade zombie film, which made sitting through the credits not only bearable, but fun.  The Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack contents include
 "Super 8 is the best Spielberg movie that Spielberg never made (or at least the best since "Stand By Me"). J.J. Abrams has proven to be something of a film and TV chameleon able to imitate the stuff he liked from his youth while also adding something new and unique about which makes it like good comfort food--it's familiar but not TOO familiar. There are some minor problems with the third act of the film but, on the whole, this throw back bit of entertainment recalls what Spielberg (and even Rob Reiner did so well with "Stand By Me the OTHER best film that Spielberg never made)did well before he became a "serious artist; Abrams creates compelling characters with nicely detailed teenagers and although the adults are a little less well developed, they are pretty well done.  Set in the late 1970's, "Super 8 follows a group of kids making a zombie movie that they are going to enter in a Super 8 film competition. The kids witness a train crash while filming at an old train station and SOMETHING comes out of one of the cars. This thing begins taking people from the down, stealing microwaves and other devices. When the military show up, it's pretty clear that something BIG has gone wrong.  The Blu-ray looks positively stunning and is very much a demo quality Blu-ray. Colors pop, detail is remarkably sharp and abundant (well, except for the Super 8 footage some of which was actually shot on 16mm so they could add visual effects--by the way the Super 8 movie is at the conclusion during the titles and is a chuckle particularly if you were from that generation that made their own little movies).  Audio is positively stunning with a lossless mix.  Special features are quite good-- we get deleted scenes (all in HD) as well as a series of featurettes covering the train wreck sequence from conception to execution showing us various stages of completion and featuring Abrams, the visual effects superiors, etc. We also get a digital copy (it's a digital download that you need the code sheet for which is inside) and a DVD copy of the film. There are also eight featurettes that focus on the creation of the film from the story to the final product. Finally we get an engaging commentary track by J.J. Abrams but do yourself a favor and listen to it AFTER you watch the movie because there are spoilers and, of course, a lot of info on the making of the film that might prove distracting.  If you enjoyed early Spielberg films from the 1980's like "Close Encounters of The Third Kind (or even "E.T. although this is scary and there is some profanity to be aware), you'll enjoy "Super 8".
 If you want to see an exciting summer movie with a little heart, check out "Super 8". My wife and I saw it the Saturday after the film opened and liked it. It's basically about a couple of sad and troubled kids, Joe (nicely played by newcomer Joel Courtney) and Alice (the increasingly impressive Elle Fanning) who, along with their friends, get caught up in a dangerous adventure involving a scary monster from outer space.  During the course of the movie, what happens with the monster (mild spoiler here) has the happy side effect of helping Joe and Alice become less sad and troubled, as well as improve their relationships with the people important to them. At first I thought the movie's plot was a little too neat, but now I'm coming to appreciate the elegance and craft that went into the movie's screenplay.  The film also functions, visually and thematically, as a kind of tribute to the types of movies Steven Spielberg used to produce and/or direct in the 1980's, movies like "E.T.", "Poltergeist", "The Goonies", etc. You know, "kids in danger, but we're pretty sure they'll be okay in the end movies. "Super 8 was produced by Mr. Spielberg and directed by J.J. Abrams.  Anyway, it's a good film and worth a trip to the multiplex to see.
 Super 8 is a throwback of sorts to the storytelling that made 80's films like E.T. so compelling. Only this time around there is an added dose of menace. The trailers didn't give too much away, which made the movie seem mysterious and boring at the same time, when it's far from the latter. Basically, a train crashes while a group of kids are filming a zombie movie. Something breaks out of the train and strange things start to happen in the neighboring small town. All of the dogs run away and people go missing. I'm not going to spoil the surprises, since it was a much better experience for me not knowing. The CGI is very good and the all the kid actors are convincing.  J.J. Abrams may have stolen a lot of Spielberg's charms here, but it is rare thing these days to watch a summer film that relies on it's story,  acting and nostalgia, rather than just loud explosions and CGI overkill.
 **** May be mini spoilers below ****  I realized a few minutes into this movie that my family and I really had no clue what it was about.  But, I am really glad we went to see it.  The movie is really about a government secrete that comes back to bite this town in the ass.  There is a train that is transporting cretin items.  They have to do with something that government got and did in the late 50s early 60s.  These kids are making a movie for some sort of festival.  They are right by some train tracks.  One boy sees a car go on the tracks, in front of the train.  The train crashes and these things are exposed.  One of the boys takes one of the items.  Soon after things in the town start getting weird.  The power keeps blinking out, the animals run away and people start to die and or go missing.  It may sound simple and it actually is.  Which makes the movie so great.  The graphics and or 3D effects look amazing.  But the great thing is, they did do it TO many times.  Even the creatures that come to do what they come to do are mysterious.  You do get to see them, BUT, it seems like every time you see one, you only see a part of it, or there is a lot of smoke or something else around to impair your vision of the creature.  They could have over did the things.  Making you see the entire thing over and over and over again.  The fact that they did not, makes the movie even better.  You really get the feeling that your watching a movie from the 70s or 80s when you are watching the film.  It had a very E.T. feel.  Also, the kids in the movie are amazing.  When I looked them up on IMDB, I was shocked at their ages.  Some amazing acting by great actors.  They really made the movie.  When you leave the theater or turn the TV off you will have a lot of answers.  But it may even put a few questions in your mind as well.  I am really excited about getting this on blu ray when it is released.  I will get to share it with my whole family.  One last thing.  I am 26 and this movie really made me feel like I was 8 years old.  I felt the same way I did when I walked out of E.T.  Go see the movie.  It will make you feel great.
 I've missed the good old supernatural sci-fi Spielberg films from my youth.  Here's a throwback that was well worth the rental.  The story was strong, the special effects were outstanding.  Tension, fast pace, it's all there.  Predictable?  Maybe.  Still worth the watch.
 Super 8 is a love story.  No, not a love story between the characters (sure, there's a little bit of that kissy stuff), but a love story between director J.J. Abrams and Stephen Spielberg.  It is obvious from Abrams's films that, like plenty of children who grew up in 70s and 80s, he was raised on the work of Spielberg and Lucas.  In fact, his Star Trek preboot arguably has more in common with the work of Lucas and Spielberg than with the original series.  Fashioning himself as something of a prot&eacute;g&eacute;, Abrams has created a wonderful little homage to his mentor.  The film opens with the off screen death of Joe Lamb's mother who worked at the local steel mill.  Both Joe and his father, Jackson, a deputy in the local police department, must deal with the emotional trauma that naturally comes from losing a loved one.  At the same time, the death also strains the relationship between Joe and Jackson.  Jackson just doesn't seem to know how to raise his son without his wife around, and he wants to ship him off to a baseball camp for the summer in the hopes that it will give him some space and stifle Joe's interest in filmmaking.  Joe has been serving as the special effects and make-up artist on his friends' movie about, what else, zombies.  The kids' zombie movie is arguably the most important aspect of Super 8.  The gang's film represents the transformation of their playacting into an art form, a transition from childhood into adulthood that still manages to bridge these two conditions.  The film further embodies the split between the world of adults and children.  In many of Spielberg's early films, especially E.T., the difference between how children and adults see the world is represented in esoteric knowledge.  The fact that the wonderful and strange actually exists can only first be perceived by an innocent youth.  But it is also by making this film that the boys come into contact with the fairer sex.  The director, Charles, has managed to get a girl, Alice, to agree to play the part of the hero's wife.  Joe happens to have an unrequited crush on Alice, and later in the film he gets to play the daring hero to her damsel in distress when Alice is in danger.  Oh, and there's also a giant space alien in the film that's trying to get off this planet while wreaking havoc on the towns folk.  The alien arrives in town by way of a derailed freight train.  The only witnesses to the train disaster are Joe and his gang who have set up next to the tracks in hopes of incorporating the train into their film so that it will lend it some verisimilitude.  The train derailment and the gang's escape is one of the finer set pieces of the film, and it is somewhat reminiscent of the plane crash in what is arguably Abrams's finest directorial effort, the pilot to the TV show Lost.  In all, the alien seems like something of an afterthought.  While Abrams does a commendable job of laying down some carefully constructed chaos, the alien himself seems somewhat perfunctory.  Unlike in E.T. (a movie that I cannot help comparing Super 8 to, even if a little unfairly), where E.T. served as a companion to a child of a single parent household who struggled to connect to other children of his own age, Super 8's monster seems like generic threat #5, seemingly picked out of a hat at random.  The alien menace and the drama of loss and adulthood never come together fully.  And while it is often enjoyable watching people escape or be eaten by the monster, I couldn't help but want to get back to the gang making their movie.  But as homage the film does plenty right.  In the 80s Spielberg placed films he produced and directed in small town suburbia, often in the Pacific Northwest.  Likewise, Abrams's Super 8 takes place in a small town in Southwest Ohio.  We can tell the movie takes place in the late seventies because the local steel mill has yet to close down.  I also grew up in a small Ohio town, and while we didn't have a steel mill (maple syrup was a large part of the local economy), the setting did make me a little wistful for small town life.  One of the great messages that come out of Spielberg's early work as a director and producer, whether it is E.T. or Goonies, is that you need not leave your town to look for adventure.  The unusual, the exciting can be uncovered in your neighbors yard, the boarded up house down the street, or the local patch of woods.  The paradoxically infinite confines of suburbia were so full of excitement that leaving that world seemed unnecessary.   And in this sense, Abrams does a fine job of mimicking Spielberg.  He may not have all of the details right, but he has done his homework, and the result is an entertaining summer blockbuster.  In a world full of sequels and prequels, we need more movies like Super 8.  Abrams may fall into the clich&eacute; of the prodigy piano player carefully reconstructing a classic; he can play the notes but he misses the soul of the music.  But then again, the music was pretty great to begin with.
 First of all - right up front the BLU-RAY transfer of this film is outstanding.  One of the most beautifully rendered of any I have ever seen.  I would say that this film is the best of the summer blockbuster films of 2011 in a field that was largely filled with really bad comic book films.  I happen to be exactly the same age as these characters - and the sets, props, music and ambience was perfectly set to the 1970s.  It was truly an amazing trip back to my childhood.  The story was very interesting - but had the usual Spielberg ending - that did not seem to match the rest of the plot.  Overall though, my family liked it very much.
 I usually don't like movies about kids, but this one had the same kind of appeal that Goonies had.  It does draw you in.  It also has one of the best train wrecks I've ever seen in a movie.  If you listened to certain dialogue midway through the movie, you got tipped off as to what would ultimately happen.  It's been a very long time since I was a kid and I had to laugh about how serious they were about their movie project.  Still, they were quite believable and the mix of character personalities was good.  Ron Eldard, whose name, I had to look up, put in a very nice performance.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the pieces fit together a little too neatly, at the end.  Still, a fun movie.
 I don't know what people are expecting from JJ Abrams and Spielberg.  This isn't meant to be a serious film.  It's an homage.  Sure, it borrows from the genre, but I couldn't necessarily tell what was going to happen next.  It's a decent film that is entertaining.
 I am looking forward to buying this Blu Ray immediately upon its release. If you are all about mindless action, blood, gore, etc... then avoid this film. If you are into human stories with action as the back-drop, then this is the movie for you. This is basically "Stand By Me meets "Goonies meets "Alien". The story was great, the acting, direction, and even the plot were superb. It is only towards the end that the movie shifts into the standard formula of action without intelligent thought. I know alien films require a certain suspension of belief, but this kinda goes to extremes. All in all, it is a very good movie. Definately worth checking out!
 Going to keep this short and sweet
 Engaging movie with young teens in the lead, but it's not a silly Disney-type kid movie.  It's well acted, the story has depth, and it's interesting (even exciting sometimes).  Definitely worth a look.
 I thought this was a really good movie. The child actors far surpassed the adults' performances. I normally don't like watching alien movies, but this one had good characters and the alien was the backstory actually. It was more about Joe's loss of his mother and Alice's dad being involved in that somewhat. Also, Joe and Alice like each other. The special effects of the train crash were very good. I wanted to back away as in several scenes I felt as if the train was coming through the screen at me. The train derailment seemed to never end and I waited for someone to be killed in a horrible way as there were train cars and parts flying everywhere. One of the parts I liked best was when the credits were rolling, on the left side the movie the kids had made was playing. Too cute. I recommend this movie to people who like supernatural, alien and horror movies.
 Was not bad. Great deal on the DVD. Movie was just what I expected. Maybe could of used a little more gore. Get it if you get the chance.
 This movie is perfect on a rainy day. Very warm nostalgic entertainment; reminding me of movies I enjoyed very much as a kid, which are still movies I enjoy today.
 Not amazing but a really good movie overall that with an interesting story. The acting was good and the characters were enjoyable. I would definitely recommend this movie to others.
 While Super 8 is reminiscent of Spielberg's past films, and pays homage to the big 70s or 80s sci-fi hits, it still is a film that stands on its own.  The film's main characters are developed for the most part, and the coming of age theme fits in nicely with the story. The action and sci-fi elements are there, yes, but they don't take precedent over the characters and the spirit of the film.  As others have stated, Super 8 does have a Stand by Me/ Goonies kind of vibe to it, with a bit of teenage crush thrown in.  A group of kids in a rural Ohio town witness a horrific train wreck while they are out filming a scene for a film contest.  One of the boys, Joe, however, notices that a car had also been in on the disaster. The driver of the vehicle, who is badly hurt, has puzzling and ominous warning to the startled children. This message has more meaning as odd supernatural events begin to take place in the area. The military comes in, but there is the sense that all is not right in the small town. Joe's father, Police Chief, begins to look for answers to the odd happenings.  One of the things I liked leading up to this film's opening last year was that the trailers held back on revealing major spoilers, which was kind of refreshing in a day and age when we are given too much during previews. The producers take this a step further by showing the "creature minimally, the "less is more approach adding more suspense the plot.  If there is one weakness of Super 8, it is that the ending was a little weak. It got a bit over the top, and sort of felt a bit jumbled, like the film lost steam as it headed to the finish.  Still, Super 8 has that summer blockbuster feel to it that makes it a treat to watch. There are also some standout performances by Elle Fanning (Alice) and Joel Courtney (Joe).  Super 8 is definitely one to check out.
 Okay, so the main roles are all played by young actors who have not been around for that long.  Doesn't matter.  Their performances are all top notch.  This is a terrific film full of creepy fun.  Nicely complemented by some genuinely funny parts.  Well worth your time.
 "Super 8 on Blu-ray was excellent, with a picture and sound 5 star. The story has an interesting screenplay, but suffers terribly in the end. With so much inherent power of the "creature it is difficult to accept the mediocre end of this  movie, since the E.T. decided at the last minute  make a spaceship just using  scrap  with the power of your mind. The logical deduction is that the E.T. could have done it all before all the confusion he pitched throughout the movie, but then the movie would need a new and more intelligent screenplay, or a new story. The film holds our attention and is quite fun, except for the final very silly that is not worthy of producer Steven Spielberg and of director  J.J. Abrams. So I give only 4 stars to the overall.
 I remember when `Super 8' was about to drop.  Everyone that I knew was in a state of frenzy.  It just looked so wonderful.  The nostalgia of seeing a science fiction film in the same vein as those pioneered by Steven Spielberg was almost too good to be true.  Could `Super 8' really be this generation's `E.T.'?  The world was on edge and nearly every Oscar prognosticator was prematurely claiming it a lock in nearly every tech category, and some were even claiming that it was on its way to Best Picture and possibly even Best Director glory.  Then it opened to lukewarm critical response, fizzled out and walked away with ZERO Oscar nominations.  I was one of those who rushed to predict this everywhere, and I was wholly thrilled to see the film.  It just looked so lovely.  The biggest issue with a film like `Super 8' is that it is rather silly.  The bugs were not worked out wholly.  The script, while rich with contagious dialog (the sparring between the child actors is the finest part of the film) is too unsure of itself to aid the film any.  When we are focused on the alien, the film falls apart; and that is a sad fact considering that the whole draw here was, in all respects, the alien.  So here's the basic premise.  In Ohio, way back in 1979, there was a young boy named Joe.  Joe's mother has died and he's obviously distraught about it.  His father love him, but he's preoccupied with work (he's the Sheriff's Deputy) and he's a little too hard edged.  Joe's best friend Charles is obsessed with making movies and convinces the neighborhood kids to make a zombie film with him.  While making the film, a train crashes and a `thing' escapes and havoc is set loose on the small town as dogs and eventually people start disappearing.  The military is all over it, the citizens are in a panic and Joe and his friends start searching for the answers.  Visually, the film works to a certain extent.  The special effects can feel a little overdone in parts (the crash itself lasts far too long and screams "look at me") and the alien itself is an uninspired disappointment.  That said, the set pieces are beautifully done and the whole feel of the era portrayed is nicely kept in tone.  The atmosphere of the film's first half is flawless.  In fact, leading up to the actual alien business, I was thinking this film was truly brilliant.  Sadly, it takes a nosedive into clich&eacute; ridden sci-fi with little inspiration to keep it afloat.  The child performances are all great; Elle Fanning proving once again that she deserves an Oscar, but the adults are all simple creations that lack depth.  The token villain (the military Col. Nelec) is a walking stereotype, and Noah Emmerich is a terrible actor.  I hated the ending, for it felt lazy and rushed and so not worthy of the tremendous build up.  In fact, I really wish that the whole alien thing had been scrapped from this movie completely.  It just didn't work.  Why couldn't J.J. Abrams have attempted to make this generation's `Stand By Me' instead?  Alas, I'm giving this a B-.  It was surely entertaining, despite its failure to live up to my high expectations.  The acting was very nice and the tone of the film was beautifully rendered.  This is a very good movie; but it could have been great.
 Super 8 is a homage to extra terrestrial films and is one of the better film to come during the summer in 2010. The characters are believable, you start to like the children and identify their passion for adventure and film making. They are the soul and the best thing. The adults are more or less props, except for Kyle Chandler and Ron Eidard who have substantial roles. There are some flaws, I did not feel a emotional connect with the alien. There are also a few minor characters whom I felt deserved some screen time such as the science teacher and the military guy. However this is a exceptional film in many respects. Abrams and his crew capture the ambiance of a small town and the essence of childhood curiosity. Four stars. 2/18/2012
 Super 8 was billed as a tribute to movies like E.T. and the days of the child filmmaker in the late 1970s. The first few minutes seem to hold true to this. The movie starts with a bunch of kids making amateur movies. The acting is superb and it really evokes the images I have of a young Spielberg and Lucas making movies.  However, it doesn't continue. About a quarter into the movie, it suddenly transforms into a 2000s movie. The kids start filming a scene and then accidentally catch a major train crash on film. Next, the movie turns into a sci-fi/alien mystery/thriller. While it's a mystery for all of the adults in the movie, to 21st century viewers the odd series of events obviously point to an alien. Thus, there really isn't any mystery to unravel. Also, the plot gyrates back and forth between Alien and E.T., which just doesn't make for a good mix. Some moments are really dark and scary, while at other points we're supposed to be laughing with the kids or staring in wonder.  Fortunately, the kids are a joy to watch in their respective roles. Each of their characters possesses realistic quirks and lights of inspiration, from the chubby director to the pyromaniac "zombie actor. They more than anything else capture that wild and free spirit of the young boy with his super 8 camera. Elle Fanning is superb as the girl who gets recruited to act in the amateur movies. Her acting scene near the beginning showed a level of maturity and intensity that left me agog. I think the movie would have been a LOT better if J.J. Abrams had stuck to the 1980s formula of really focusing the movie on the kids, as in E.T. or Goonies.  Also, some of the overdone CG special effects, such as the train crash, seemed out of place and unrealistic. Did we really need a scene where the kids run from an exploding train? That's the type of Hollywood nonsense that wouldn't have passed muster 30 years ago.  Overall, this is an enjoyable movie, but I think it departed a bit too much from the homage it was intended to be.  J.J. Abrams made a strong sci-fi movie with superb child actors, but can't quite escape the baggage of the past decade in cinema.
 A great movie from JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg. This reminded me of some of the great movies from the 80's Ordered and had it within two days. Once again thanks for the fast shipping from Amazon.
 Loved the movie!  It reminds me of "The Goonies Very action packed! It will keep you on the edge of your seat!
 My wife & I both quite enjoyed this movie.  If you're looking at an action/suspense movie like this for stellar acting & flawless plot, you deserve to be disappointed.  If you're looking for a good flick that entertains and is occasionally suspenseful, this is a great pick!  The movie elicited several laughs from both of us, and had us involved and interested the entire time.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  If kinda reminded me of the type of films we grew up on in the 80's.  only thing I didn't like was the sometimes distracting blue streaks that the film maker is know for.  He went a little over board.  Other than that it was good and worth your time.
 I agree that the film is not a spectacular vehicle. However, I did actually enjoy it quite a bit. It is a great kids/teenagers program, but I still enjoyed watching the kids and remembering 'back in the day'. The child actors were excellent. Nothing new and exciting, per se, but still quite an enjoyable way to spend a cold Sunday afternoon with a quilt and a cup of tea. Not an 'owner' but worth the 'sale' rental through Amazon.
 J.J. Abrams movie is mysterious through much of the movie and has you guessing.  The movies destruction scenes are imminence and impressive. On top of this the movie is touching at times and makes you feel for the young characters.  And finally there are some parts of the movie that will just make you laugh.  A great watch and just plain fun.
 SUPER 8 is writer/director J.J. Abrams' paen to Spielberg and even a gentle nod to King's STAND BY ME.  In essence, the coming-of-age theme overshadows the sci-fi elements and provide the film's heart. Set in 1979, the story follows the misadventures of a group of teens bonded by friendship and their attempt to make their own zombie movie for a contest.  Things heat up when a train crash results in the release of an extraterrestrial creature. The young actors are superb, especially Elle Fanning and Josh Courtney.  Fanning has an uncanny maturity and lovely innocence that prophesizes a great future in films.  Just savor her marvelous "transformation to a zombie--it's priceless.  And marvel at Courtney when he stands up in hurt defiance at his stern father.  You feel his anguish.  Kyle Chandler (Friday Night Lights) and Ron Eldard (Blind Justice) are outstanding in non-cliche roles as the fathers. The special fx are good but I would have liked to see more of the creature to add terror impact.  Abrams' script and direction capture the period nicely.  However, the movie confuses us as to whether the alien is to be feared or sympathized with.  After all, Alice states "It's just hungry and wants to go home."---the same creature who has been wiping out the town's citizens and dogs.  And is the strange device that moves around in Joe's room alive? SUPER 8 is certainly enjoyable but may frighten younger children.  Adults may enjoy its nostalgia and gentle depiction of friendship and love.
 JJ Abrams truly has a gift for compelling storytelling. Super 8 is one of the best examples of this, filled with fantastic suspense, lighthearted humor and just enough magic to pull off the unlikely chain of events that unfold in the small Ohio town of Lillian.  Despite some obvious plot imperfections (including an underwhelming climax and semi-predictable ending) the movie proves very satisfying to almost anyone who can relate to what it's like growing up in small-town/suburban america. Absolutely loved the whole feel of the movie and and wish I could relive my childhood days making homemade movies with my friends. Super 8 is childhood at it's best!
 Super 8 is admittedly not a perfect film, but I enjoyed it so much, and was so taken by the characters and the actors playing them, that I didn't really mind the occasional inconsistency or lingering "awed expressions scene.  Set in a small town in Ohio in 1979, the basic plot centers around Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), a 13-year-old boy whose mother recently died in a factory accident, leaving him with only his father, Jackson (Kyle Chandler), a sheriff's deputy who's a more than decent man but who has never known how to really be a father. Jackson's escape is burying himself in his work, while Joe's is helping his best friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) make an amateur zombie movie with the help of their other friends Preston (Zach Mills), Martin (Gabriel Basso) and Cary (Ryan Lee). But Joe's involvement becomes truly committed when Charles persuades Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning), a girl he secretly has a crush on, to join the project.  Things taken a sudden turn when, in the midst of shooting a midnight scene at the local railroad depot, Joe sees a pickup truck suddenly drive onto the tracks, directly in the path of an oncoming freight train, resulting in a spectacular crash that sends freight cars derailing everywhere and the shocked kids running for cover. The plot quickly thickens when Joe gets a glimpse of something bursting out of one of the freight cars, and when they find the driver of the pickup, badly injured, is Dr. Woodward (Glynn Turman), their biology teacher, who warns them to get away and to never speak of what they've seen to anyone or they - and their parents - will be killed. And then there's the knocked over Super 8 camera that has been continuing to roll throughout everything, capturing something that no one else saw while they were busy tried not to get crushed by flying debris. Something that will become important later as strange things begin to happen
 I've read bad things about Super 8. After watching it, I don't really understand what some peoples' issue is with it. There was an almost constant smile on my face. The characters were generally likable, the action sequences were well done (though admittedly, the train crash scene probably brought a tear to Michael Bay's eye), the story was simple yet effective, the production values were off the charts. Will this movie be heralded in the future as a classic like, perhaps, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, or E.T.? No. But it's still a great movie, and a lot of fun to watch. J.J. Abrams is quickly becoming one of my favorite modern Science Fiction directors.
 Every now and then, a film comes along and reminds you of the way it used to be. Back in the eighties, blockbusters were made with heart. Everything from the acting to the direction was top-notch, especially if the film in question was a Spielberg film. Steven Spielberg is one of the best film directors in the industry. His love of the medium shines in just about every project that he has been a part of. Some of the most influential films of the past have his name attached to them, namely E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Jurassic Park. He deals with fantastical themes with a heartfelt, childlike curiosity - a definite trademark that appears in many of his films. Recently, director J.J. Abrams made a film which can be seen as a love letter to Spielberg. This film is `Super 8', and it is one of the best offerings of the summer, as well as one of the best films of the year. And, for those of you who have followed me over the past two years, the mere fact that I am glowing over a mainstream blockbuster is nothing short of a miracle.  The film opens in Lillian, Ohio in 1979, and follows a group of close-knit boys during summer break, as they attempt to film a zombie flick with a Super 8 camera. Young Joe Lamb has recently lost his mother in a steel mill accident, and as a way to cope with his loss, he vows to help his best friend, the film-obsessed Charles, complete his latest cinematic masterpiece. Together with three other boys, and his latest crush, Alice, Joe slowly begins a journey of self-discovery. Everything changes one night during a film shoot, when the boys witness, and barely manage to escape, a horrific train wreck. The kids flee the site, as the U.S. Air Force arrives.  This leads to strange phenomena in the town; pets running away from their owners, the disappearance of car engines and power lines, and people being abducted. Soon after, the boys discover some disturbing footage which was caught during the train crash, while the camera was still rolling film. Something crawls up out the wreckage, and dashes out of the frame. The boys decide to delve into the mystery themselves, and the adventure begins.  The performances in this film are amazing, especially from newcomer Joel Courtney, Riley Griffiths, and Elle Fanning. Each delivers an incredibly genuine performance, and I was blown away by the raw energy displayed on screen. The direction is perfect, with splashes of J.J. Abrams idol, Spielberg, splashed about the screen in nearly every frame. The musical score is magical. The mystery is involving. It all makes for an excellent time at the theatre, and will make you long for the days when summer blockbusters had a soul. With strong messages of hope and forgiveness, it is also one of the most touching films to come out in a while.  Super 8 is rated PG-13, and is 112 minutes.
 This film was much better than I expected.  The acting was superb, the effects were also.  But it really had that 50's horror feeling, where you know the monster was there, but you never saw it, at least until the end.  It's too bad more movies are not made this way anymore.  Now it's all about the special effects, and getting the monster in your face. This movie harkens back to a time when directors understood that weak special effects were not the reason you didn't show the monster right from the beginning.  There was nothing weak about the effects in this movie.  It is well done all the way through.  You will enjoy it.
 I keep seeing this compared to Goonies & ET. It's got it's similarities but it differs radically, and these differences may mean that it's not a good movie choice for kids. I'll explain below, plus here's the pros and cons of this movie
 *** This review may contain spoilers ***  Under producer Spielberg's assumed tutelage and inspiration, director J.J. Abrams has constructed a more-than-serviceable homage to the master in "Super 8". Okay, here's the umpteenth reiteration of the plot - a group of charismatic junior high adolescents shooting a zombie film for a contest stumble upon a train wreck, a government space conspiracy and deception, and a monstrous alien that escapes the wreck. Therefore, as I said in the title, you have an amalgamation of "The Goonies", "War of the Worlds", and "E.T.", but not in equal proportions.  Abrams handles the "Goonies component skillfully and appealingly. The preteens are spirited, energetic, clever, occasionally profane, but always endearing and sympathetic. I especially appreciated their accurate, amusing speeches, especially the exchanges between the sweet, Elliott-like Joe (home movie special effects artist) and his bossy, portly friend Charles (the home movie director). The budding relationship between Joe and the older, more mature, but demure Alice was also convincing and engrossing, especially since both have the loss of a mother in common. All the kids' reactions to and investigations of the train wreck/alien mystery were finely tuned and interesting. Abrams does not neglect kid/adult interactions either. Joe and Alice each have to deal with distant, emotionally reserved fathers and somehow manage to connect with them.  The "War of the Worlds component was handled nearly as well, although some logic lapses do occur. The train derailment is suitably spectacular, but as another poster pointed out, it's highly unlikely that a pick-up truck, even ramming into the train head-on at full-speed, could cause such damage. It's like trying to trip a giant with a toothpick. The train would have stayed on course, but the pick-up and its passenger would have been throughly mangled. Therefore, the pick-up's driver, Mr. Woodburn, would not have survived to give the kids the dire but cryptic warning about the train and its contents. Nonetheless, the infiltration, evacuation, and surreptitious behavior of the nefarious, devious U.S. Army into the Ohio town where the train collision occurred are workmanlike, efficient, and well-handled. Many of the military adults, and some of the townspeople, may be corrupt and selfish, but they are not boobs. And Joe's dad, the deputy sheriff, is neither corrupt nor foolish, as he tries to penetrate the military's cone of silence regarding the crash.  Unfortunately, the "E.T. aspect of the film, despite being its focal point, is the least developed. Abrams keeps the elusive alien beast largely concealed for most of the movie as it smashes its way out of the box car, randomly attacks the townspeople, and burrows underneath a cemetery for refuge. This suspense-building works. However, it leaves the audience (and the kids in the movie) little time to bond with or even communicate with the alien. (MAJOR SPOILER WARNING ABOUT THE BEAST'S ORIGIN AND APPEARANCE). The alien and his crashed spaceship (now broken down into magnetic cubed components) was being transported from a Roswell-type military base. The roughly 12-foot high (I guess) alien looks like a hybrid of Alien, the "Cloverfield monster, the Transformer Optimus Prime (especially about the face), and the Ymir from "20 Million Miles to Earth". And, oh yes, a spider. It's described as frightened and distrustful because of the mistreatment it received from the U.S. Army, and actually benevolent. But throughout the movie, he acts malevolently, smashing cars and buses, apparently killing at least two people, and hanging people (including the kidnapped Alice) upside down in his subterranean cave apparently for food! Joe's short, calm confrontation with the alien in his cave seems to change its mood. At the movie's end, he assembles a new spaceship out of magnetized metal (including the locket containing a picture of Joe's mother and him as a baby), and takes off. See, very inconsistent and abrupt. Was the alien inherently sinister, or benign? Why didn't the alien construct a new spaceship immediately, as soon as he escaped? Why bother terrorizing the townspeople? "E.T. gets shortchanged here.  Nevertheless, I do recommend the film as a funny, suspenseful, kinetic good time. If you are a Spielberg fan, you'll probably enjoy it even more, and be more inclined to overlook its flaws.
 J.J. Abrams is a writer/director/producer I can't quite get a read on. I never bothered with any of the TV series he was involved with ("Alias, "Lost, "Fringe") and after practically loathing Mission
 "Super 8 is director J.J. Abrams's tribute to Steven Spielberg's "E.T., with a tip of his hat to Rob Reiner's "Stand By Me.  The film takes place in 1979, with a group of pre-teenage and barely teenage kids--led by the overweight Charles (Riley Griffiths) making a Super 8mm movie about zombies for a film competition. The makeup specialist, Joe (Joel Courtney), falls in love--during the filming--with the female lead in the production, Alice (Elle Fanning). They are both sensitive--having lost their mothers.  During a nighttime film shoot, a train is derailed, when it hits a truck that goes on the tracks, and explosions and intrigue ensue, with the Air Force soon appearing. Gradually (a bit too much so), we learn why dogs are running off to the next county, why people are vanishing, and why microwave ovens are missing.  I liked the solid acting by the youthful cast, especially by Fanning and Courtney, who establish a very moving relationship with each other.  Overall, this film held my interest fairly well and jolted me a few times as I munched on some popcorn. It will be worth watching again when Netflix has it, but I doubt I'll want to buy the DVD.
 You might remember adventure films of your youth, where Middle America kids discovered amazing wonders and defeated great evils that only they could see.  These were the days of E.T., Goonies, and The Monster Squad, where kids laughed, cried, and fought while having adventures.  It's pretty much how adults remember their childhood summers, free of the soul-crushing realities of school, puberty, and adults. If you look back on your misspent youth in the early 80s with nostalgia, then Super 8 is for you.  J.J. Abrams has seen those movies, and with papa Spielberg's blessings, wants you to see them too.  Although this film is ostensibly about a child (Joel Courtney as Joe) coming to grips with the death of his mother, it is not for children.  There's swearing, drug use, and violence - pretty much what you would expect from a film set in the early 80s. In fact, despite the lens flares, the out of focus camera work, and the soaring musical score, Super 8 distinguishes itself from other coming-of-age-with-aliens flicks with its unrelenting violence. The alien in Super 8 is big, mean, and angry, and he expresses that anger by eating people.  The alien is a stand in for the adult rage that seethes throughout the town of Lillian, Ohio.  It's destroying father and widower Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler) from the inside.  It haunts Louis Daniard (Ron Eldard), who was indirectly involved in the accident that killed Joe's mother.  And it is passed on to the children, manifesting with painful eloquence in Louis' daughter Alice (Elle Fanning, bred from a race of superactresses).  When Joe finally confronts the beast, boy and alien finally see each other for who they really are
 Back when I was growing up there was a young filmmaker known for great movies like Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T. - The Extra-Terrestrial. These were wonderful movies. The first was scary, the second was thought-provoking and the third was excellent family entertainment. As the 1980's came along, this filmmaker, Steven Spielberg, made other fine works, like the Indiana Jones series and in the 1990's gave us Jurassic Park. Then he discovered World War II, and that was basically then end of him making "genre films that appealed to a wide audience.  But apparently I wasn't the only one who had fond memories of Spielberg's earlier career. JJ Abrams, noted as the man who made Lost and directed the Star Trek reboot, seems to also have those sorts of good memories. So he teamed up with Spielberg and made Super 8, a film which, aside from the modern special effects, would not seem out of place in Spielberg's resume.  Super 8 centers around events in small-town Ohio in 1979. Joe Lamb is a young boy whose mother has died at the start of the film. Four months later he and his friends are making a zombie movie when they inadvertently bear witness to a massive (and extremelyunrealistic), train derailment. They escape with their lives, unaware that something else has escaped, too. Soon all the town's dogs disappear, only to turn up in nearby towns. The Air Force arrives to clean up the train mess and begins basically overtaking the town (and get away with massive lies, because if there's one thing we know about the 1970's, it's that investigative journalism didn't really exist and trust in the government was absolute). Then various items and people start to disappear and the action gets ramped-up to eleven, leading to an unnecessarily action-heavy third act.  At its core this is a movie about the relationship between a young boy, his friends and a girl that he's starting to develop a crush on. The movie is at its finest when it shows these kids just being kids. When it shows them hanging out chatting in a diner and teasing each other like kids do. When it shows them sneaking out of their homes to film at night. When it shows them being appalled/overjoyed that they're actually breaking into their school during summer vacation. These moments, as well as the ones highlighting Joe's somewhat complicated relationship with his father, also the town deputy and person in charge after the sherrif disappears), are the true heart of the film.  Those moments also make the moments of action, which include the military going nuts in the middle of the town, completely unnecessary. Those scenes add nothing to the plot, really, aside from creating some artificial peril for our heroes to deal with. Really one could edit out all the military elements and be left with a good, solid, summer science fiction film for the whole family. Also, having gone nuts with the action sequence, I feel that Abrams missed a really opportunity to kill off one of the kids. Harsh? Maybe, but it might have added something to the film. But consider the one of the pivotal moments of Jaws is when a six-year-old boy is gruesomely eaten by the shark.  I also need to make mention of Abrams as a director. He's good at what he does. He's very good at what he does. But he's never met a lens flare he didn't like, and frankly it's really, really distracting. If you thought scenes in Star Trek overused the lens flare, just you wait. Abrams really goes nuts with it in this movie and it does not add anything to the film.  Ultimately this is a very good movie, and I'd said it's suitable for pretty much the entire family.
 I should start by saying I really did like this movie, basically because I like Steven Spielberg movies in general.  But after a while it started looking like a "who's who of his past (albeit great) films, and a big part of the enjoyment became trying to spot the next "cameo by a previous scene, plot device, or character.  We have the "clever-kids-who-know-way-more-than-the-clueless-adults of just about every Spielberg movie ever made (ET comes most to mind, for obvious reasons); we have Chief Brody from Jaws (a Sheriff's Deputy this time instead of a Chief of Police, and Lillian, Ohio instead of Amity Island, but you get the idea); we have vehicles driving down a dark, star-covered road in the middle of nowhere when mysteriously all the power goes out (Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters, anyone?); we have a baddie/villain/whatever-it-is that we see more and more of as the film progresses (Jaws again); we have dinner-table scenes with kids behaving more wild and out-of-control than any reasonable parent would ever let their kids behave (Close Encounters, again?); and I won't give any spoilers, but suffice to say that the film concludes in a very true-to-form Spielbergian mode.  And let's not forget the 2 inescapable contributions by JJ Abrams -- excessive and intrusive lens flares everywhere you turn (Star Trek?), and the moody (and beautiful) music by Michael Giacchino (L O S T).  But I did like it -- very fun way to spend a summer Saturday afternoon
 With the combined talents of JJ Abrams and a certain Mr Spielberg behind "Super 8, together with the science fiction theme, it was a movie I just had to see.  It turned out to be an entertaining enough movie, though not quite in the same league with such Spielberg sci-fi classics as E.T. and Close Encounters, and maybe not even as good as Mr. Abrams' update of the Star Trek franchise.  Still, the movie was a lot of fun, and I enjoyed its nod to the '60s 'B' movies where the army is fighting the alien invaders (or giant ants, or whatever).  Plus there was the familiar element of a small town dealing with an unknown threat to its existence.  There were also many heartwarming and/or humorous moments of the type that fans of those previous Spielberg classics will recognize, and the little romance between the two young people was nice.  However, the scenes of the middle school heroes were a bit too repetitive (ex., too many scenes of the young director demanding that they get back to making his movie).  That detracted slightly from my level of entertainment with Super 8.  Also, there is no shortage of special FX shots in this flick, but few of them were noteworthy.  A couple of impressive scenes near the end are an exception to this observation.  Otherwise, it was just a lot of stuff flying through the air, blowing up, and/or getting smashed and knocked around.  Finally, the plot plot just felt a bit too casually thrown together, never fully engaging my interest at the level to make this film truly memorable.  I almost went a star lower with my rating, but I left the theater feeling I'd had a good time, and that was enough to get me to 4 stars.  An additional note
 Well, Super 8 isn't a bad movie and it's not amazing either. It's a 3.5 but I'll round up instead of down. The story focuses on a group of Junior Highschool children making a independent film. During the film they get caught in the middle of a disaster and that's where the story begins. Super 8 Mixes The Goonies, with Godzilla (that horrible remake one) and E.T.. If you think that's a strange and unexpected mix well, this movie is just that. It's has it's serious moments (mostly drama) but it has it's lighthearted moments too. The Alien doesn't make its full on screen appearance until later in the film but like Godzilla it can be seen in the shadows running around and tearing up the town. There is action in the movie but in between that action is adolescent drama that results in long drawn out scenes. These scenes just make you wonder what the Alien is doing while the characters on screen are crying out their feelings.  Overall Super 8 is a decent family movie and worth checking out if your board but but just don't expect to blown away by it.
 Video
 If you liked "The Sandlot", "Stand By Me & "Goonies - this is the movie for you cuz this one rolls all 3 of those movies into one.
 Really enjoyed this film.  A little horror, a little si-fi. Good mix of characters.  A little cheesy in a couple places, but for the most part very entertaining.  would recommend to anyone.
 Super 8 is the latest foray into J.J. Abrams' filmmaking career. Abrams who has elevated himself in the mediums of film (<a href="http
 First off, this movie entertained me far more than I expected it to - well worth the rental fee, particularly in HD as the effects were stunning. Very good acting, and the plot kept us guessing right up until the end. LOVED IT! I have to wonder who this movie is for though? The cast of mostly children gives it a Goonies/ET feel (which is why I wasn't very interested at first) but it seemed to be WAY too scary for actual children that age. These are not cute charming aliens, folks! Very entertaining & enjoyable for me but make sure kids are old enough to handle it before letting them see it.  We had a recurring problem with the streaming video. Every time we got close to the 43-min mark, the video stopped and went black & silent. Then it went back to the home screen for the film, where we could click "Watch and it would go all the way back to the beginning. Our internet connection is not immune to dropping a signal, but the fact that it happened multiple times in the exact same spot in the movie makes me believe there was something wrong with the Amazon server. Finally we just forwarded the video all the way past that part (to around the 45 min mark) and it continued until the end without dropping. We missed only about 2 min of the film but having to start it over again three times was pretty irritating. Really takes you out of the story!
 Definitely worth the rental... I always enjoy these nostalgia adventures, and it seems their appeal continues to hold strong.  Director Abrams understands the power of heightened adolescent experience and Super 8 will be added to the likes of Stand By Me, It, Dreamcatcher, ET, Goonies, The Explorers, and so on.
 I absolutely loved this film, saw it in the theater three times because the kids were so good. I felt that the mood and the feel of 1980 was spot on. I very much identified with them... I thought to myself 'this is exactly what it was like being a kid in those days' and loved every second. The kids' banter was well written and sounded like actual kids, not watered down... The dad's frustration with the son felt so believable... And the effects were awesome.  But... (spoiler)  Couldn't there have been a better ending? It would have been a simple thing to do to have the kid simply find some crucial part of the spaceship hidden in the dead teacher's storage bin... Or something like that... Couldn't they have helped in SOME way? The dad was running around like a super hero on a mission, and i couldn't wait to see how it was going to wrap up, how the dad and the kids would come together and save the day... And they simply 'met up' in town, just in time to see the alien depart. There was no feeling of 'finally the alien can go, because he met the nice kid and his friends.' it was kind of a let down...  Again, i will buy it because it was SO great otherwise... But it could have been a masterpiece.
 FILM RATING
 Good movie but probably somewhat over hyped due to the Spielberg/Abrams collaboration. Worth the money to have in your collection
 I really really love this movie - is a rare mixture of innocence, emotion, and fantasy. I had forgotten how good it was until I just recently rewatched it. For a few brief hours I was transported back to the awkwardness of my youth, with that nerdy Dungeon & Dragons-infused belief that anything was possible. A nice escape.
 A movie in a movie.  Teenagers making a horror movie find themselves in an alien horror situation. Shades of young Spielberg and Alien and E-T.A movies.
 I think the hype before the movie set my expectations higher than they should have been. This movie is Speilburg's version renewed of E.T. and a less threatening isolated version of alien invasion from a military controlled Area 51 escape. The child imagination will enjoy this one but the adult imagination will stop believing the events are possible by the end of the movie.
 This movie is just that good, old-fashioned storytelling that Spielberg does so well. It is a good, rainy day movie that you can enjoy with your children. It would be mildly scary for younger children, but for older children, mostly suspenseful rather than actually scary.  Dreamworks should have put more money into promoting this movie.  It's not strong on special effects, but it is a story about a teenage adventure rather than a sci-fi spectacle.
 What's it about?  A group of young kids making a zombie film witness a horrific train crash, and capture on their Super 8 camera much more than they anticipated.  Is it any good?  Having been produced by Steven Spielberg, you definitely get the 80's ET & Goonies-esq vibe of the film, but with a darker tone to it. The characters of the film and their interactions in the community are actually the most interesting part of the film. It is only when the `mystery' of the film takes on a science fiction twist that it removes you from the reality of the film it has expertly built up, therefore causing your concentration to waver slightly. So by the end, you are left debating if what you watched was just a good film, or an amazing film?  Best bit?  Prepare yourself for the train crash; it'll blow your speakers apart!  Did you know?  The famous bicycle from Steven Spielberg's movie E.T. can be seen as a part of metal junk that is being attached to the water tower in one of the final scenes.
 It 's amazing package color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
 I was a little wary about ordering Super 8 from some of the reviews.  I really did enjoy the movie plus I am a sucker for a happy ending. I thought they had come to my street and neighborhood to film the movie. A reviewer had compared Super 8 to The Goonies - not even close. I did not think they let all of the kids personality's come to light mainly just the 3 main characters. I feel the story line was weak, real weak. The train wreck looked like models. The Professor, the Evil Air Force guy and the Alien did not have any character development. I could not hate the Evil Air Force guy or feel sorry for the Alien or the Professor. The makers of this movie missed something to make this a truly good movie that I would want to watch year after year. I still watch the Goonies from time to time and I am old. Don't stop watching the movie when the credits begin that is when they show the finished movie the kids were making. The biggest laugh for me was the almost the last line of the kid's movie where the director is speaking hoping it would be a Cleveland International Film Festival nominee. I think I liked it more than the movie Super 8 and it would be more likely of winning an award than Super 8.
 Super 8 was poorly named and I think this movie was given horrible previews/trailers.  The kids were great, storyline pretty good, the alien part and ending fell a little short, but overall a good movie.
 This is a well acted and written movie. The alien reminds me of something, say like from another movie, but it was worth watching we enjoyed it
 Got this movie for Christmas....I enjoyed it.  It's well acted but formulaic.  You will enjoy it but it's no E.T.
 the movies was good entertainment,special affects were great,it was a well put together movies,really enjoyed it ,would defintely give it good marks
 This is a J.J. Abrams movie, a science fiction period piece (circa 1980) set in small town America. There isn't a main actor, but rather an ensemble of kids that fulfill that role. But then the kids are the stars of the movie. Their acting is excellent, their characters filled out--and very believable.  However, the same can't be said for the three main supporting adults, in that their characters are only partially fleshed out.  And the evil one is too evil, stopping just short of being a caricature of evil.  This is a relatively fast paced movie. I never got bored. And though there are some semi-scary scenes--meaning it may not be suitable for very young children--this is not a quasi-horror movie (IMO). It's science fiction, albeit not in the classical sense. This is not about technology, so you'll want to gloss over some of what you see.  It's a feel good movie, a story of childhood friendships.  Plot  An alien creature captured by the military (many years ago) finally escapes as it's being transported across country. This happens outside the small town where the children live. Of course, the military descend on the town and surrounding area. As for the alien, in its quest to return home, it wreaks havoc on the military and town.
 I just watched the Blu Ray version. The film although typical, is pretty entertaining. The picture quality is very good. But the thing that stands out the most on the Blu Ray is the sound, which is powerful and reference quality. The train wreck scene in particular is powerful, great scene in general and one of the best scenes for showcasing your surround sound system that I've ever heard.
 Cinematography was superb. Exactly the quality you expect from Spielberg and Abrams. It reminded me of Cloverfield, E.T., and The Goonies all rolled into one. The kids were excellent actors.  However, once you reach the end of the film you feel as though you missed something somewhere, as though this film was part 2 of a 2-part film. Something was greatly lacking in the story. In E.T. for example, the alien and the boy slowly build a relationship so that you feel for them in their emotional parting. But in the case of Super8, the alien and boy are total strangers but behave as though they had built some wonderful relationship between them. The boy seemed to have discovered something endearing about the alien that the audience is not privy to and is unrealistically brave and devoid of fear when put face to face with a nightmarish creature that hardened military men feared. As the alien sailed away in his spaceship, all I could think was, "Farewell... who ever you were...".
 Remember when movie makers used to spend most of their budget on writing and telling a good story, instead of spending all the money on special effects and the remainder on the script?  Super 8 is such a movie.  The plot revolves around a group of kids, a few of whom are dealing with losses in their life.  I don't want to spoil the story so I will stick to what was shown in the trailers.  A late night train crashes.  Precious and unusual cargo was inside the train.  The movie revolves around the mystery of what was in the train and what is the cause for strange happenings in the town.  The kids in this movie are all great actors.  The story is great and full of suspense.  The setting of 1979 is actually very cool (which I did not expect it to be.)  The movie is pg-13 but I was surprised at the language.  It wasn't too brutal, but clearly the language police were lenient with the language in this movie.  Despite the language, the movie is a great one to watch with your family.  I had on the subtitles so maybe I was more aware of the language than I otherwise would have been.  With all the garbage, throw away movies made this year, Super 8 was a nice suprise.
 This movie feels like a classic. However, it's not quite there. It also kind of beats you over the head with the lesson it's trying to give you by the end of the film. Overall, the film itself is cute, intriguing, and heartfelt.  The blu-ray is of great quality. The visuals are outstanding and the audio is superb.
 these movie was a great little story but I think it didn't have chance with the big monry movie, but i  enjoy it.
 A beautiful, nostalgic film capturing a more innocent style of filmmaking along with a more innocent view of adolescent adventure and romance than we generally see in movies now. And yet it also feels more truthful than the jaded, pessimistic, and self-indulgently bombastic threat-escalation that pervades most modern adventure films. This film trusts the threat it introduces to be sufficient without unnecessary multiplication.  The performances by the "kids in the cast are spot-on believable as actual children just beginning to mature. Elle Fanning in particular is a revelation and definitely looks to be an actress to watch for.
 This is a great movie to enjoy with the whole family. It's sad, scary, exciting, and moving.  I cannot comprehend what evolution circumstances are needed to create such ghastly, violently strong, brutally featured, yet techincally marvelous creatures. Predator and now this guy.... It's hard to imagine what their daily life would be like on their home planet.
 A gang of quirky pals, that one cute girl, summer vacation, and plenty of explosions make "Super 8 one playful romp from beginning to end.  The story is formulaic, but the acting is good, the pace is quick, and it's all feel-good fun- with a couple of good jumps thrown in.  A classic boy movie.
 ....who are smart enough to travel througout the cosmos only to crash on our backwater planet and then get strung up by us?  Anyone?  Nah, didn't think so.  So what have we here?  An alien invades small town middle America as seen through the eyes of a bunch of kids number?  Feels like 1958?  Has the polish of 2008?  Yes, yes, and yes.  Abrams does Spielberg with Spielberg's help and blessing.  If you like Steven Spielberg's early silverscreen adventures and you like some of those old hokey (and I love me some hokey!) black-and-white alien invader flicks like "It Came From Outer Space then you're going to feel like you're seventeen again as you watch "Super 8".  You know you're not seventeen anymore so go and watch it already!
 The elements in this movie are pretty standard for this genre
 I liked super 8 but a few things jumped out at me..for one..in 79 we NEVER called each other 'dude' as these kids did..AND we didn't wear 'backpacks' EVER unless going camping..and then they were big bulky and or boy scout canvass type..AND the bikes were new style bmx variety..sorry..we only had 'banana bikes and or cruisers or 10 speeds. The BMX style may have been around but were not NOT common.I know Im picky,,i did like the alien tho! These kind of screwups irritate me for some reason. I mean if your spending wads of cash go to the correct prop room and get the right stuff for the era your trying to imitate.
 I saw this movie in the theater and enjoyed it just as much at home. I enjoyed the nods to growing up in the late 70's and the various kitsch references in music, vocab, etc. It's the 70's "Stand by Me", meets "ET".  In typical Spielberg fashion, what you don't know (or fully see) is scary and tense, but becomes acceptable by the time the film is wrapped up. Good message. I enjoyed the casting and special effects. Will it change the world, no, but it's a fun ride. Good job, JJ!
 This one has the Spielberg stamp all over it from beginning to end; if you liked E.T. you'll probably like this one too. I definitely fall into that camp and did in fact have a good time with this movie. It was fun to watch, interesting, fast paced and exciting to me.  Although it didn't develop any really new sci-fi story ideas it did a good job of handling some tried and true sci-fi plot schemes and was in several ways similar to E.T. The acting and special effects were good and the kids did a very good job of carrying the movie. As sometimes happens in this kind of movie the military and the government are painted as villains and come across as not very nice.  In summary the story holds one's attention and the acting effectively draws the viewer into the story so the movie goes by quickly. The special effects are rather spectacular so the overall package provides an action-filled movie that is entertaining.
 Great acting by all, particularly the kids. I liked the story line and the setting. The train crash was really well done. The extras kept me busy for another 2 hours. I particularly liked learning about the making of and the day in the life of a new kid actor. Overall it's a very good movie that I"ll probably watch again in a few years as I won't remember much about it.  But, like others have said there are a lot of similarities to other movies, except for stand out moments like in ET or Stand By Me that I am going to remember. You can tell in the Extras that J.J. was shooting for that, but just doesn't quite get there. I started out confused in the beginning due mainly to the trailer showing a train crash that I thought someone died in the crash, but I wasn't sure who or why until much later. Other than the boy looking at his mother's necklace throughout I didn't see a lot of emotion about the loss. The girl showed much more emotion acting in their little super8 movie then he did and the scene at the end where the boy goes from being totally scared to being totally calm facing the monster down a leap in direction emotionally. Also what was with the dogs, were they just scared and running off. What was the monster doing with the people? The violence in which he took them and then the pristine health of the victims didn't seem to match, particularly if they had been drug through tunnels. I guess they wanted a scary movie that was politically correct or didn't scare little kids too much.  Maybe it's because I am much older and I don't see the memorable moments with the same eyes that I saw ET or Stand By Me. I hope JJ keeps making more though as he's on the right track and hope to see the kids in more movies as they were naturals.
 It's a movie that made me feel like Stephen King had a hand in it.  Great acting, all the kids were great and I think this one would be suitable for kids and adults.  It was full of action and had a few funny moments too.  The only bad thing I can say is that it was dark as in, just not a lot of light in this movie and sometimes it was hard to really tell what was going on.  Gave me that feel good feeling in the end...watch and you'll see what I mean.  Don't want to spoil it for you!
 Goonies, E.T., and Cloverfield all mixed in one. It was fun to watch just wish the movie had focused more on the kids' stories The end of the movie left some plot strings hanging in regards to the kids relationships. I don't think i'll ever rewatch this movie but I had a good time the first go round.
 All of the elements that the one and two star reviews hate, I loved. I loved that the movie felt like a mashup of the goonies/sandlot vs. whatever monster movie. Yes, there was profanity, no it's not for children. It's like how Toy Story 3 was not a movie for kids, it was for the generation that grew up with Toy Story. I think this movie was charming and adorable despite the violence that ensued. How did he do that? I don't know, but it was cool!   What I loved about it was it had the charm of the Goonies/the Sandlot, but it was more grown up than that. Movies about friends getting through and somewhat a coming of age film. So what, a monster was thrown in? So what, the monster doesn't even make sense? I don't think the monster was even the point of the movie, but that's my personal opinion. I think people who get hung up on the monster have trouble with letting the movie take them out of reality. Yes, it felt like Cloverfield. But again, I DON'T THINK THAT WAS THE POINT. I was personally charmed by the child actors of this movie, I was charmed by the idea of the movie. Others have their opinions.
 Especially by a couple of the younger performers in the movie within a movie at the beginning, remarkable. My grandchildren younger than 9, didn't make it thru, those older, loved it. I enjoyed it. If only the train wreck wasn't so over the top. Fun. Some nice movie references buried for those who know.
 Super 8 has received some criticism for being an homage to those kid-friendly adventure movies of the 80's (E.T. and Goonies), but that's why it's fun and charming! If you grew up watching those great films, then you may enjoy the nostalgia as you watch a group of boys hang out, cuss, fight and then compete for the same girl. If you didn't, you'll like the movie for it's interesting characters and plot. True, there are countless monster movies out there. But, there's something about this one that makes you wonder what that thing in the train really is! What's it doing? Believe it or not, the creature has some motivation that does not involve eating earthlings or burying some ungodly nest. And what's its connection to the shy boy Joe Lamb? Joe has been compared to Elliot from E.T., but Joe isn't interested in making friends (although he would like to send the thing home). All he wants is his dad's attention, and the girl. The creature presents an interesting opportunity to get both.  Super 8 is a refreshing movie in a time when every character from every other movie has cell phones or the Internet to help solve mysteries. These kids are faced with jumping into dark caves all by themselves without any help or any clue as to what they're dealing with. Buy it! It's worth it!
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I thought it was a fun and explosive film.  The storyline was good and the characters are likeable.  The ending could have been better but overall a good movie.
 I enjoyed watching this from start to finish
 I thought it was well made. Wonderful characters, good plot. Makes a point about why aliens don't make contact with such a dangerous species like us.
 At first it reminded me of the Goonies but it was different. I thought about "IT but it wasn't that either. The bottom line is that it was it's own movie and a pretty good one. While it didn't have the most original plot line it did have a few new wrinkles and it did make you care about the characters, that's important. No really big name actors but they all did a good job. I'm looking forward to seeing more of Elle Fanning, She was terrific! I won't go into all the details, you can read that in the other reviews. And actually I think the best part is I can watch it with my grand kids. 
 DH and I don't' have children so a movie starring kids rarely makes it past 10 minutes in our house. This movie kept us glued til the end.  It's entertaining, moves fast and has fun characters. The kids were good actors and none was obnoxiously 'know it all'  solid 4 stars
 Good movie, great sound effects, and story line is fun and easy to enjoy.  worth getting and watching more then once.
 I'm not a big fan of movies with kids as the main characters, but this one was pretty good.  Their interactions with each other, the adults, and their situation all seem realistic.  Although you don't really get a clear view of the creature involved, you don't really need to in order to feel the tension in this movie.  It's not the best "creature"-based movie I've seen, (<a href="http
 A factory accident in the small town of Lillian, Ohio leaves an emotionally distant man (Kyle Chandler) a widower and his son without the one parent he could relate to. At the reception in their home, Deputy Jackson Lamb (Chandler) ejects a man who showed up intoxicated and his son Joe (Joel Courtney) bears witness. In an effort to buy time so that he himself and his son can come to grips with the loss, Jackson tries to persuade Joe to go to baseball camp for the summer and, at the same time, disparages his friends whose interests include the production of monster films for one and explosive for another. As they are in the middle of one such film and Joe promised to help complete it, he declines the offer.    One night, he sneaks out of the house to joins his friends in filming a scene at a train station and they are all nearly killed when a train is derailed after a head-on collision with a speeding pickup. It is the collision and subsequent events that are the source for most of the film. The train belonged to the Air Force and before long, so does the crash site and most of the town as it is placed under a de facto martial law. Joe and Charles, the director of the film that brought them to the train station in first place, examine their footage and see something escaping the train.    Written and directed by J. J. Abrams of Lost fame and with Steven Spielberg co-producing, Super 8 is easily a step above efforts like Cloverfield and Artificial Intelligence while falling just short of films like E.T., Super 8 is a welcomed addition to the sci-fi genre and a great time to be had at the movies.
 I saw this movie at the theater with my kids and the entire audience loved it! My only caution would be to consider that they originally planned to film it in 3D. Without the 3D visuals of any serious movie today, it lacked something (my family agrees). Still, it's a fun movie I would highly recommend.
 The music, cars, homes, hair styles and clothes etc bring back the memories of 1970's as this is the year setting for Super 8 (the "8 standing for 8mm). This would be good movie for the entire family to watch on a Friday or Saturday night.
 if u loved lost then this will bring back a lot of memories especially the soundtrack and the way the story unfolds. jj abrams does a fantastic job with the movie and charcters. i cant wait for his next release. definitely recommend this movie to all jj fans. You wont be disappointed. maybe someday he will make a movie for lost.
 I saw the film in a theater too. It was a lovely story, although there were some awful scenes. I think it will give lots of dreams to children and let them think about the importance of our world, the Earth. The ending was so nice. As I liked it so much, I even visited almost all the locations in Weirton after I had seen it in a theater. It is not a big problem, but there is one thing I don't know the reason. Why is this film sold with a bluray and dvd combo?
 I really enjoyed this movie and doubt I have anything to add that other positive reviews haven't already touched on.  However, as someone who always reads credits straight through to the end I was pleased to see that the images of the runaway dogs seen on the bulletin board where Joe posts a picture of his own dog Lucy came from animal shelters.  Thanks to exposure from being in the film, if only for a moment, the dogs have all been adopted.  I can see the description now
 J.J. Abrams has been known to keep his projects super secret, whether it was a major plot point in his hit television show LOST or the unveiling of the monster in Cloverfield, which he produced. It was no different with his latest directorial effort, Super 8; the first trailer released thrillingly depicted a collision between a pickup truck and a freight train carrying something ominously powerful, but not much else. As it turned out, the film follows a group of kids making a home movie with a super 8 camera who happen to be present when the aforementioned collision takes place, and their camera inadvertently captures something they never expected to film. When strange things begin occurring in town, the children take it upon themselves to solve the mystery. Super 8 is an earnest throwback to the kid-friendly sci-fi adventures of the 1980s, and with Steven Spielberg producing, it's no wonder. With plenty of thrills, visual dazzle, and emotional depth, Super 8 a pretty good choice if you're looking for some good, old-fashioned, nostalgic fun.
 My family saw this movie at the theater and we just watched the DVD.  We enjoyed it both times.  My wife loves movies with child actors in it and said that this reminded her of "Stand by Me.  I thought the kids did a good job of acting and the story line was pretty good.  The special effects were also good and Spielberg always makes a great movie.  It was creative and interesting to watch but I did not give it 5 starts because the alien wasn't really seen until the end and only for a short period of time.  In the old movies they did this and kept the screen dark because the special effects were so bad. I always hated that! Today that is not necessary as special effects look so real and I think the movie would have been better with more scenes with the alien being shown.  Overall it is a solid rank of 4 but it could have been a 5 with some script changes and more alien sightings.
 ... only not as good as The Goonies. The cast of kids were all really cute and talented actors. The visuals were amazing. The plot kept me entertained. The only thing that got on my nerves was that the father's accent would come and go. I don't know why they tried to force him to drop what must be a prominent Southern accent. It would have made no difference to the movie and been much less distracting.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 This is a good family movie, for teens or older. The kids do a really good job of acting and I think that makes it especially appealing -- for both kids and adults. But it's somewhat light on plot and a bit predictable, but it still keeps your attention.
 I loved it.  It moved at a realy good pace.  I would reccomend it for all ages.  There were a few unbeliveable moments twards the end, but I would watch it again.
 A great cast at work here in a story too intense for little kids but good for older ones.  A group of middle schoolers works on a Super 8 film in the early 80s but then witnesses a train accident and finds out about an alien as well.  There is some drama regarding the death of one young boy's mother at a factory and a girl whose dad worked in the same place; I will not ruin it here by telling you.  But it gives the movie a lot of heart; it is not just another invader from another planet movie.
 J.J. Abrams and the immortal Spielberg have undoubtedly produced an instant classic.  Super 8 is the kind of film moviegoers have been waiting to see for years.  The lowered standards for films of the 21st century will likely help this one to stand out from the crowd. A great CG performance, effects, and score encourage the stellar acting.  The film showcases Elle Fanning and Kyle Chandler's talent, as well as a solid performance from Joel Courtney.  The tale of the monster and the army men who failed to understand his journey is poignant and powerful, even if somewhat formulaic.  Super 8 is a perfect film for the whole family, provided no one is too squeamish.  Some scenes may be fairly intense for young audiences.  Overall, Super 8 is a well-made film with something for everyone.
 Not bad. The actors are likeable and the movie was gripping. Good ending and good special effects. I do understand what one reviewer said about the volume being set weird. It was either really quiet or really loud. I did not mind it but I could see it being annoying to those more sensitive
 It was like watching stand by me mixed with war of worlds. While each has its charm, it was a nice movie with great characters with an alien backdrop. I think a lot of people expected Independence Day, but I enjoyed the new twist on telling an alien action story.
 This box set contains three of Shirley Temple's all-time classic hits.  Depression era audiences adored the antics of this talented moppet, now we can introduce the magic of Shirley to a new generation of fans!  Includes
 We've all heard the tired-expression that all good things must come to an end.  In the case of Claymore, the sixth chapter (titled "The Awakening") is charged with the task of closing up the epic goth shonen series.  Coming in at a runtime of 95 minutes, the Chapter 6 Funimation release contains 4 episodes (# 23 through 26) on a single disc housed in a standard DVD case.  The show wears a very appropriate TV MA (17+) rating due to some rough language, topless female nudity (or maybe topless monster nudity is more appropriate), and a near-endless succession of violent/gory sequences.  Extras are surprisingly robust and include a nice 24 page full color book highlighting key characters from the series, a commentary track from some of the English voice actresses over Episode 26, original TV commercials, textless songs, and a crop of Funimation trailers.  Language options are standard fair sub and dub, which of course means dialog presented in either original Japanese (Stereo) or an English dub in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround.  And, like always, the choice to run English subtitles exists for either spoken language option.  The show, for those who are unaware, concludes the tense setup Chapter 5 went out of its way to establish.  In fact the first episode of this set (# 23) literally opens in the middle of a heated battle between the half-Awakened Claire and Rigaldo, the Silver-Eyed Lion King in the snowy, lifeless town of Pieta.  There is no recapping, no flashbacking, and no reestablishing of any kind so latecomers to the series would be wise not to pick this set as a starting point.  Once the bloody confrontation between the Claymores and Rigaldo comes to its bloody conclusion, the show wastes very little time setting up the next (and final) battle with the Awakened creature Pricilla.  At the risk of sparing you spoilers, let's just say that the pacing is mind-numbingly swift in this pair of two-parters and the inevitable grand conclusion comes pretty quickly.  The artistry and ambiance established within the show have always been particularly noteworthy and this volume is no exception.  The first two episodes maintain the dark, cloudy skies and gentle snowfall that was established in Chapter 5 while the remaining two episodes introduce bursts of background color in the form of flowing lava and showering sparks (ala Star Wars Episode III's final battle on Mustafar).  Like before many of the subtle effects (falling snowflakes, creeping shadows, tongues of flame from campfires and so on) are computer generated while the character models are internationally drab and bleak.  This all adds up to spectacular attention to detail through minor contrasts.  Fancy combat moves and lightening-quick sword slashing still dazzle in the heat of battle but (thankfully) the show's creative teams made certain to display the results from several perspectives so as not to bore the viewer with mere blurry character models.  The soundtrack, which has always been solid and eerily appropriate, continues to work its near subliminal magic here.  Of course the battles introduce a sharp spike in tempo and guitar wailing but it works nearly as effectively as the hauntingly quiet melodies that lace the more tension-filled segments.  The English dub has received mixed reviews in the past but seems to have come together quite well for the final quartet of episodes.  Chalk it up either to the fact that the actors must really have known the character personalities by this stage in the game or simply the emotionally driven script that fuels the grand finale.  Either way the dub works as well as the original Japanese dialog work, which seemed to have picked up on the grand scheme of things much earlier on.  In all, purists and fans of the show are likely waiting impatiently for this July 14th release and neophytes may want to use this opportunity to begin the entire saga from the first chapter onward.  Hopefully now that this, the final chapter has been completed and released; Funimation will consider packaging up the entire saga into a single collection.  This is definitely a title that deserves such treatment.
 I ordered this movie, for my girlfriend on April 9th. Amazon shipped it out pretty fast and that was really cool giving me an estimated delivery date for May 6th. But I recieved it around 2 weeks earlier. Great speed, service. The product was as said, new and sealed. It was awesome service.  But the sad thing was that the DVD quality wasn't as good. It was as if you were watching the movie from an old box TV via antenna. Seriously! But i guess its not amazons fault. But being an old movie, i guess its ok.  Thing is, my girlfriend really loved it. So it all worked out well for me. I'm glad i bought it, the price, shipping speed, and service was all great. Just the product with the scanlines bothered me. A must have for any one who loved this movie
 Just thought I'd post this information, as it's not provided by Amazon
 My granddaughter really enjoy this movie.  I am going to buy future movies about the bratz baby.  The dvd played great and no scratches.
 My grandaughter, Abby loved the movie. Glad I bought it Came on time and was as advertised. A good price as well
 This is an old school Ozzy concert.  Following the death of Randy Rhoads, Ozzy recruited Bernie Torme to play guitar, but that didn't last terribly long.  To fill out the rest of the concert dates, Ozzy brought in Brad Gillis to play guitar with the band that was already in place.  The lineup here is
 This DVD is excellent.  Ozzy is in top form, and the rest of the band is very tight.  The sound quality is very good.  The video quality could be better, but I realize the technology is from 30 years ago.  If you're an Ozzy fan, you need this DVD.  The only downside is the absence of Randy Rhoads.
 This dvd is great- but it does leave me wanting more. I do recommend this dvd for any Ozzy fan's library.
 That I ordered from an independant dealer somewhere in my collection and I still think it's phenominal to see it again, and I hope  that they improved the picture quality on it since it's re-release, it has a castle motif as the stage set behind Ozzy and the band and  the special lazers of the bat flying on the walls behind the members so it's fantastic just for those things alone. I saw Metallica open for  Ozzy in Fort Worth Texas during "The Ultimate Sin Tour just before Cliff Burton died when Metallica was touring for the Master of Puppets CD and  album so I got to see Cliff just before he died in that bus accident overseas. I've never seen them since except for on the DVD's. This is a rare concert. But when Metallica left the stage the crowds surged into the arena and they were hanging off the rafters, Ozzy came out sitting on a huge throne that was in the shape of his face with a huge tongue flowing out of it. It was awesome. I wish they would have filmed that one.
 Director Mark Herman's LITTLE VOICE is a refreshing but cruel comedy set in a small town of Northern England (or is it Scotland ?). L.V. -for little voice- is the only child of Mari Hoff, played by Brenda Blethyn, the widow  of a records's salesman. She doesn't talk to anyone and listens all day  long to the records her Dad has left. She lives in a dream and sings every  evening  a cappella  for her dead Daddy. One day, Ray    Micha Caine   Say, one of the numerous lovers of LV's mother,  discovers her unbelievable voice and wants her for Mr. Boo's saturday night  show. That's the beginning of the rise and fall of Little Voice. If you  liked Bill Forsyth's LOCAL HERO, you will be happy to find in LITTLE VOICE  the same love for unusual characters. Micha Caine gives here one of his  best performances ever and Brenda Blethyn confirms, after Mike Leigh's  SECRET AND LIES, that she is a great actress. Jane Horrocks, in the role of  LV, also gives a superb performance by imitating perfectly Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Billie Hollyday. LITTLE VOICE can be appreciated for  its humor, its subtle variations on Victor Fleming's THE WIZARD OF OZ or  for its psychological implications. A very good surprise. A Freudian DVD.
 An introverted young lady who cherishes her late father and keeps his memory alive through his beloved record collection is at the heart of "Little Voice, directed by Mark Herman.  Jane Horrocks gives an amazing  performance as Laura, the shy girl with, as it turns out, a very big voice  and the uncanny ability to mimic Judy Garland and Marilyn Monroe, among  others, to perfection.  She lives with her mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), a  vociferous floozy, in an apartment above their small record store.  Laura  (whom Mari calls "L.V. because of her retiring manner and the fact that  she rarely speaks above a whisper), spends an inordinate amount of time  retreating from her mother to the sanctuary of her bedroom and her dad's  records, where she immerses herself into the music, as well as the persona,  of whichever artist she is listening to at the time.  For the most part she  is ignored by her mother, who also dismisses L.V.'s talent purely out of  disregard.  Enter Ray Say (Michael Caine), a sleazy, contemptuous,  small time theatrical agent, who is picked up and dragged home one night by  Mari.  It isn't long, of course, before he discovers L.V.  When he hears  Judy Garland's voice coming from her bedroom, he thinks he's found the pot  of gold at the end of the rainbow; this has The Big Time written all over  it.  All he has to do now is figure out how to get L.V., the veritable  recluse, up in front of an audience.  Adapted for the screen by Mark  Herman, from Jim Cartwright's play "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice  (written originally to showcase Horrock's unique talents), the success of  the movie is assured by a cast that delivers quality performances all  around.  Jane Horrocks does all of her own singing, and when she finally  breaks loose it is truly a delight.  And Herman must be given credit for  not allowing it to be over done; he gives you just enough of L.V. to keep  it exciting and leave you wanting more.  Michael Caine gives an inspired  performance that easily should have won him an Oscar.  His Ray Say is so  finely shaded that you know exactly who and what he is, yet he manages to  overlay him with a smarmy, irresistible charm that keeps him accessible.  His rendering of Roy Orbison's "It's Over is an unforgettable cinematic  moment.  Brenda Blethyn is outstanding as well, making Mari just unlikable  enough that you can still empathize with her when she finally gets her  comeuppance.  Ewan McGregor adds a subtle charm to the film as Billy, the  telephone repairman who finds a kindred spirit in L.V, and Jim Broadbent  gives a humorous turn as Mr. Boo, owner of the venue Ray engages for L.V.'s  debut.  Rounding out the supporting cast are Philip Jackson (George),  Annette Badland (Sadie), Fred Feast (Arthur) and Graham Turner (L.V.'s  father).  Funny, and touching as well, "Little Voice is solid  entertainment well presented.  It's one you're going to remember, even  after, as Ray Say says, "It's over. The most remarkable aspect of this movie is the great performance of all main actors
 I picked this up primarily because I remembered Horrocks' hysterical character  Bubble  in the Britcom  Absolutely Fabulous .  And I'm glad I got it
 Laura Hoff (Jane Horrocks) is a horribly timid and soft-spoken young lady, hence her pet name Little Voice.  So fearful and introverted is the gentle creature that she rarely ventures out of her house and into the world  outside.  Instead, she counts on the voices of such enchantresses as Judy  Garland, Marilyn Monroe, and Shirley Bassey as a sounding board for the  pain she suffers form having lost her father.  Living in the sleepy seaside  town of Scarborough, England with a repressive, pseudo-socialite mother,  Little Voice's grandest ability is to communicate by using her melodic and  unparalleled gift for singing, and finds refuge within her music as well as  her father's ever-present spirit.  The day comes when a sleazy tavern act  promoter, a role that is splendidly delivered by one of England's foremost  actors, Michael Caine, suddenly discovers LV.  In an act of fervent  courage, Little Voice comes out of her shell and sweeps an audience off  their feet with her incredible stage presence, and her even more surprising  knack for flawlessly emulating the voices of her favorite sirens.   Nevertheless, this film has an even more profound agenda.  Not only is  LV finally vanquishing her constrained sense of self, but also she has  finally begun to trust the another person other than her father's ghost, a  local boy who likes to look after his pigeons.  Ewan McGregor fills the  shoes of the small role, but he is one of the characters who has a more  profound effect on Laura  Little Voice  Hoff.  Furthermore, the  relationship between LV and her mother comes to its zenith when a fire  destroys their home.  The flare up is a momentous allegory for how LV's  rage will cause her to shed her old self and take on the life she was meant  to experience.  This picture is one of tumultuous family battles and the  struggle to become self-actualized. What I feel audiences will take away  from this film is the fact that the process of letting go is just as  important as that of grabbing on to the one thing which makes us feel  alive.  Let me also bring to the foreground that all songs were  completely undubbed and no lip-synching was involved.  In plain English,  Jane Horrocks genuinely performed and emulated all vocals that were crooned  in this film.  All the more reason to feel the force and craft behind this  zestful and rousing piece of work.
 It's nice to see Caine cast against type. Here he is neither the hero, nor does he retain any trace of his usual London glamour. He is a morally bankrupt promoter, working with strippers in the clubs of Northern England until he finds some decent acts. One such act is Jane Horrocks's Little Voice, a quiet girl who comes to life only when she is singing. The actress's talent and extensive training leave you with the impression that she is a singer who just happens to act rather than the other way round. If Brenda Blethyn's part wasn't offered to Julie Walters first, I will eat my hat! She is stereotyped ageing northern tart, played with great pathos as well as comedy by Blethyn. Jim Broadbent is suitably seedy as club owner Mr Boo, while Ewan McGregor has a surprisingly small role as a telephone technician who has only peripheral involvement with Little Voice until the last scene. The script is full of good characterisation and wry social comment. I liked it because it tells an original story in an entertaining way. Special praise must go to the set designer, who re-created the record shop/house perfectly, even down to the dangerous wiring job. This film deservedly won many awards and I hope to see more from writer/director Mark Herman in future.
 This unusual film is difficult to characterize -- the characters are so well-developed, so unique, so interesting.  Michael Caine is wonderful, but I thought that LV's mother & her tagalong friend, silent Sadie, stole the show.  LV's mother is a loud, middle-aged floozy who wears pushup bras, micromini skirts, towering heels & lace tightsn and prattles on nonstop in a barely decipherable accent and odd syntax (I kept the subtitles on during the entire film -- a big help.)  Her best friend Sadie is a chubby, funny-faced follower who never speaks -- the mother babbles nonstop & no one else has a chance to get a word in edgewise.  LV is her mother's opposite -- a plain-jane, retiring type, silent, expressing herself only through the voices and words of the divas on her treasured record albums, finding solace in the framed portrait of her deceased father.  The plot keeps you on edge, but all is resolved positively in the end.  As an added bonus, Jane Horrocks (LV) is, in fact, an incredible performer, able to mimic everyone from Judy Garland in Wizard Oz to Marilyn Monroe singing "Happy Birthday. Jane Horrocks, Ewan McGregor, Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn and Jim Broadbent conspire in a northern coastal English town to spin a neat little tale. Jane Horrocks has a remarkable talent, as both a singer and a mimic, and I wanted to stop the movie several times and just listen to her do her stuff more. Brenda Blethyn is hilarious, and it's not just because the script-writer is excellent
 Another small, scene stealer film from England, Little Voice is loaded with three  tour de force performance s by Jane Horrocks, Michael Caine, and  Blenda Blethyn.  Horrocks is  Little Voice,  the shyest of the shy daughter of a dead record store owner who is overshadowed by the obnoxious mother of mother's (Blethyn).  Caine is a small time promoter who hears LV singing to her old 33 LP collection and realizes she is a golden opportunity for him to make it to the big time.  LV sings to avoid the reality of her mother and her mother's lovers, but mostly, she sings to remember her father, the only kindness in her wretched life.  Ewan McGregor in a small bit part befriends LV, but it is Horrocks stunning singing voice that captures the film and attention.  Reprising her stage role, Horrock's dead on immitations of Garland, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are superb. This film is a gem and should be a part of every film library both for it's story and the music.
 I had recently seen the play "Rise and Fall Of Little Voice on stage in London and really enjoyed it so I couldn't resist seeing the film version with Michael Caine to compare. The film exceeded my expectations. The story of an introverted girl who mimics famous vocalists and her boozy loud and obnoxious Mom is incredibly well written and the actors in the film version are all terrific. This is a sad tale of desperation and family strife with some elements of dark comedy provided by Caine and the small time show biz type he represents. The surprise is the musical performance of Jane Horracks in the title role. She is fantastic. If I had to say which was better the film or stage version- I'm not sure I could pick. They were both great.
 I enjoyed this movie.  I was told about it by a friend and decided to buy it, as it wasn't in the video store that i frequent.  I'm glad to have it in my collection.  The fact that she actually sings her songs in the movie is fascinating to me.  I enjoyed her in Absolutely Fabulous, but had no idea she was a dramatic actress with such vocal skills.
 Fabulous sleeper of a movie. Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine were terrific and Jane Horrocks' singing a revelation. Ewan McGregor was a nice surprise as Little Voice's beau.
 This little gem of movie often gets overlooked by Americans.  The star is the same woman who plays the ditzy secretary, Bubble, on AB FAB.  Her voice is so incredible at first I did not believe it was "Bubble doing the singing.  Great story, don't miss this one.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this gem of a film. The story is simple and not a little metaphorical. The finding of one's own voice is something that many of us can relate to. Unfortunately though, I was left with the jarring,  discordant memories of Michael Caine's character and LV's mother  dominanting my impression, at the expense of some of the more exquisitly  delicate aspects of the story. Ewan McGregor's Billy was brilliantly  underplayed and the perfect foil for Jane Horrock's LV. I replayed all of  their scenes to balance the lingering discord, and that worked relatively  well. I think if the director and the editor had been more judicious in  their decisions about the length of time that overwhelming characters were  on screen the film would have been a masterpiece.
 The actors in this film are grand. The virtually unknown (to American filmgoing audiences) Jane Horrocks (she plays the character in live theatre as well) is brilliant as the silent, shy, and introverted Little Voice. She never talks (and is even too afraid to answer the telephone), but sometimes, as if possessed by the souls of larger-than-life stars like Judy Garland, Little Voice is able to sing and imitate these stars. Her nagging and ungrateful mother, played by a talented but always appropriately annoying Brenda Blethyn, is jealous of Little Voice, treats her horribly, and resents the relationship LV (as she is referred to) shared with her father. Michael Caine is excellent as Blethyn's sleazy date who comes home with her and "discovers this goldmine that is LV's voice and talent. Blethyn grows more and more jealous of Caine's interest in her daughter. Caine convinces LV to perform live (which will, presumably, make her-and him-rich). Caine uses LV's dead father as a ploy to get her onstage, and for one night, she discards her shyness and her fears and gives the performance of a lifetime. Caine sees the profit growing in his imagination and books many more occasions for LV to sing, but she refuses to perform ever again. Blethyn's character grows more and more bitter. Eventually their house burns down, and LV leaves to be with a shy telephone repairman and pigeon-keeper played well by Ewan McGregor who has quietly been pursuing LV all along. The film is delightful for its offbeat charm, although it is a somewhat sad tale for Blethyn and Caine's characters. But the overall story of how LV finds her true voice and breaks out of her shell is rewarding.
 I wasn't looking forward to this movie very much, and it seemed to have a pretty slow start...and then suddenly I was drawn in.  I loved the plot and felt so sorry for LV, while at the same sympathising with Mari and Ray...and the ending was so tension-filled I was bouncing up and down screaming at the TV.  Normally I find Horrocks rather annoying but she, like the rest of the cast, was brilliant in this and I was most impressed by her singing.  The only thing is that I felt the film ended a bit abruptly.  Like you never found out how LV sorted things out with her mother.  It was a good ending but it just had some blanks to it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes slightly grim social-reality movies, who is interested in singing, or is shy.  Check it out!
 I enjoyed the movie. It was funny and very entertaining. Jane Horrocks is so wonderful in this movie, her impressions are impressive. I loved the music, I happen to share the love for Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald and Marilyn Monroe, as does the character, L.V. If you didn't enjoy the film, don't waste your time writing an review with so many misspelled words. Oh, and I must mention, Ewan Mcgregor is very  cute  in this film. I only wished it had more of an ending. But despite that, i loved it still.
 Charming film about L.V. (Little Voice), a meek-voiced, shy British woman who enjoys singing the music of Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and others. Her mother, a sex-crazed record store owner, and the agent Ray Say (a  terrific Michael Caine)both attempt to manipulate her into stardom. This is  an interesting, charming, and funny movie which takes some interesting  turns along the way. Jane Horrocks, as the title character, is terrific,  and sings her own songs beautifully. She is incredibly talented, and the  movie is a charmer. Look for a nice performance by Ewan McGregor as L.V.'s  wanna-be beau.
  Little Voice   is an amazing little film that has to be watched more than once to be truly appreciated.  The leads Caine, Blethyn Horrocks and McGregor are all top notch.  Wait until you see LV's performance at the  club.  It will knock your socks off, literally.  Well worth seeing again  and again!
 How Awful About Allan (1970)--TV movie starring Anthony Perkins whose guilt over a family tragedy leaves him blind and mentally ill. At the start of the film, he is released to the care of his sister, but does she have an agenda of her own? Perkins is good, but it felt extremely long at 74 minutes. **  Dementia 13 (1963)--An ax murderer at a family reunion in an Irish castle and a daughter-in-law who is trying to cover up her husband's death to keep from losing her portion of the inheritance. Produced by Roger Corman and Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, it will remind you much more of one of Corman's Edgar Allen Poe movies than anything Coppola did, but not bad if you don't go in expecting The Godfather. ***  Maniac (1934)--Barely coherent movie about a lab assistant that murders his boss. Has some nudity, which was taboo back then (the Hayes Code don't ya know), but women were ugly back in 1934, so it will bring you no joy to see it. Highlight is title character plucking out and eating cat's eye. Sucks hind teat. *  The Screaming Skull (1958 b/w)--Opening scene shows coffin and explains that the film studio insured patrons against dying of fright watching the movie. You'll probably be all right. Recent widower marries former mental hospital patient and takes her to "charming villa in countryside where she hears spooky sounds and sees spooky things, but then in the morning, they're all gone, she can't prove them, and there are leering suspicions she might be slipping back into insanity. But could it the supernatural? Or her husband (hint
 Case Closed is a Japanese murder-mystery anime. A fantastic series that dives deep into a criminals psyche, and never fails to keep you guessing. Each murder is different in some way, and nothing is ever as it seems. Now, the English dubbed episodes are being brought back into a series of box-sets, each containing 4 discs. Each disc carries an average of 5-6 episodes, each lasting roughly 21 minutes. The menu is easy to set-up and navigate and the special features and original Japanese sub/dub are a nice touch.  Despite it being a fantastic show, with interesting characters and gripping story, these box-sets have two flaws that I have noticed. The first noticeable flaw is in the arrangement of the discs. The case is set up so two discs are overlapping one another. This can be a pain if you want to watch disc 2 or 4, forcing you take out the first or third disc before you can access the second or fourth. It can also scratch the discs pretty easily, if not careful.  My other complaint lies with the previews. Each disc has a preview for another anime series, and it is unskippable. At first, it's not a huge deal. But when you begin to watch them religiously, they tend to get old, fast. Don't get me wrong, Dragon Ball Z and Yu-Yu Hakasho are awesome series in their own right, but after seeing the advertisement for them 25+ times, they tend to get old and you just want to skip them.  Overall, it's a fantastic purchase. The series is amazing, and the two major flaws are relatively minor in comparison to everything else. I highly recommend it to anyone who is into murder-mystery or anime.
 It's a rough life being a teenage detective genius -- crimes happen everywhere, and strange people may shrink you into a small child. Such are the problems for Jimmy Kudo in "Case Closed
 It's a rough life being a teenage detective genius -- crimes happen everywhere, and strange people may shrink you into a small child. Such are the problems for Jimmy Kudo in "Case Closed
 It's a fun show, but the episodes that aren't chiefly a mystery feel like scenes from a generic children's show. The mystery episodes, however, are all very good.
 Three things
 The Case Closed Season One DVD box set is a four-disc set that contains the first twenty-six episodes of the Case Closed anime series.  The first two discs have seven episodes, the third disc has six episodes, and the fourth disc has six episodes and the bonus features.  Case Closed is a mystery series done in a "whodunit style, and a number of the episodes on this set focus on murder mysteries.  Unfortunately, in most of the episodes on this set, one element of this style is usually missing
 Children will love this series.  They will start to understand how to sequence events and work toward solving mysteries.  Kid friendly and mother approved.
 Transfers of ECHO BRIDGE (aka "Platinum Disc") public domain movies is about average. No sign of restoration on their 60 and 70 year old films, with none dubbed from pristine studio prints. Minor downside
 Flying Deuces is perhaps the best Laurel &amp; hardy film ever.  I loved it, however it is offset by possibly the worst Laurel &amp; Hardy film ever in  Utopia , Stan Laurel looked very thin and unhealthy and old and Hardy was the biggest he had ever been in the films...although there were humorous parts to it overall it was a pretty big stinker...but  Flying Deuces  is worth the purchase by itself.
 I bought this movie for my mom who loves Laural and Hardy.  She just loved it.  I recommended it to anyone who loves a good wholesome funny movie.
 This 2-disc set from Madacy Entertainment comprises 10 great episodes from THE LUCY SHOW.  This sitcom told the story of widows Lucy Carmichael (Lucille Ball) and Viv Bagley (Vivian Vance) raising their children together in upstate New York.  Later on, the series changed when Lucy traveled to California to be the secretary to grumpy banker Mr Mooney (Gale Gordon).  This set features eps from both phases of the series.  "Lucy the Starmaker - Lucy notices Mr Cheever's nephew (Frankie Avalon) has a great singing voice and decides to help launch his entertainment career.  "Lucy Meets Robert Goulet - When a truck-driver gets turned down for a loan, Lucy notices he resembles Robert Goulet and enters him in a look-alike contest.  This episode also features a young Lucie Arnaz playing one of Lucy's secretary friends.  "Lucy Gets a Roommate - Lucy receives more than she bargained for with her latest flatmate, eccentric librarian Carol Bradford (guest star Carol Burnett).  "Lucy and Carol in Palm Springs - Lucy feigns illness and joins Carol's band for a golfing tournament engagement, unaware that Mr Mooney is one of the entrants.  "Lucy's Barbershop Quartet - Lucy wants to join Viv's barbershop group, but she doesn't make much of an impression with her whisper-soft rendition of `Down By the Old Mill Stream'.  Perhaps an eccentric voice coach (guest star Hans Conreid) can help?  "Lucy and Viv Put in a Shower - Trying to save money, Lucy and Viv attempt to install a shower in the boys' bedroom.  "Lucy's Substitute Secretary - Lucy calls off her Lake Arrowhead vacation when she discovers her efficient replacement (guest star Ruta Lee).  "Lucy and the French Movie Star - Lucy attempts to stave off the advances of the bank's newest celebrity client (guest star Jacques Bergerac).  "Main Street USA - Lucy joins forces with a local town who are fighting against developers wanting to put a freeway through beloved Main Street.  "Lucy Meets Sheldon Leonard - Lucy mistakes the bank's newest celebrity client for a bank robber.  Pretty good box set for the money.  Extras include a trivia quiz and some classic commercials.
 This is a Hillary Duff made-for-TV movie, so I probably didn't come into <a href="http
 I had no idea what to expect from this movie when I watched the DVD at a friend's house. First of all, let me tell you I am a 41 year old gay man so hardly the target audience for Hillary Duff movies, but I have to say I found this really fun and enjoyable. It reminded me a lot of "Legally Blonde or "Clueless for that kind of "Oh my god kind of girl that Hillary portrayed. Given it was an ABC Family movie, I thought it might be too pre-teen and "Disney in the scenarios portrayed, but instead, it was focused more on the young-executive business world. Like I said, it was like "Legally Blonde but set in an office environment rather than a political one. Matt Dallas of "Kyle XY fame has a supporting role here which was pleasantly surprising, as he plays a mid-twenties businessman convincingly (which I realize is his real age, but still strange after watching him for years as a 16 year old on "Kyle XY".) Also notable is the supporting character played by Chris Carmack (of "The OC and "Into the Blue 2") who adopts a very unconvincing British accent that I can't believe would fool anyone and frankly just sounds ridiculous. I can't say anymore about that without creating a spoiler for the movie. In the end, I do recommend this movie for anyone in the mood for some mindless fun fluff that would appeal to adults. Teens might actually not be quite into this as they might not yet have enough life experience to relate to the office environment most of this movie is based in.
 This was a cute movie to pass the time. I didnt love it but would watch again if I was bored.
 Hilary Duff does a great job in this light hearted romantic comedy.  She portrays Lane Daniels a young journalist trying to make the best of an opportunity to land a job at Cosmopolitan by going undercover to write an article about finding love in the business world. Lane has a checklist of attributes that her perfect man will have.  Her search for the perfect man leads her on a long and funny journey of self discovery.  In this role Hilary Duff returns to the type of comedy role that made her famous as Lizzie McGuire. There is a good mix of physical comedy and lovable character flaws that make this film fun to watch.  All in all this a good clean comedy that's fun for everyone 13 & up.
 please note that the 4 stars does not make it a great mvie..  lit's a cute chick flick for a saturday nite when nothing else is going on.  I liked it.  it is clean and sweet.
 Beauty & The Briefcase is a cute movie, not only that it's funny too. It has a few things that could use some work, but other than that it's a good movie. If you're looking for a good chick flick, this is an excellent choice. It has romance, humor, style and class. I didn't think I would like it that much, being a Duff fan, but it's a good movie.
 This is a Hillary Duff made-for-TV movie, so I probably didn't come into <a href="http
 A Beautiful Mind is far from a great film. But is it Oscar worthy? You bet.   Russell Crowe plays John Nash, a genius mathematician whose mission is to find a "truly original idea. He does, and eventually wins a Nobel Prize for it. However, the road to winning the Nobel is bumpy and he is forced to battle several real and imagined demons along the way; schizophrenia being one of them.   In Princeton his fellow students aren't very fond of him. Nash is a recluse who lives most of his life alone, a man plagued with "two helpings of brain and half a helping of heart.   The acting in this film is simply phenomenal. Most actors covet the role of a madman. They can exaggerate their body language, run around naked, talk in weird tones, and generally have a ball. Sometimes they even get awards for it, like Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man.   Crowe is too smart of an actor to fall into this trap. He portrays schizophrenia for what it is
 In this interesting, entertaining film, director Ron Howard has assembled an all star cast to tell the tragic story of Princeton mathematician John Nash.  Russell Crowe's Nash is a quirky, mathematical genius, complete with the touchy sense of forlorn pride that comes with doing only one thing extremely well.  He sees arcane patterns everwhere, all the time, like a chess grandmaster who has come to inadvertently inhabit his chessboard.  His life is an intellectually exciting one... but how much of it is actually real?  He cannot tell.  Can you? This movie really needs to be seen twice, or more.  There's no way you'll appreciate everything the first time around.  The character's  journey,  for which Ron Howard and Russell Crowe seem to have been shooting, is Nash's growth, both because of and despite his schizophrenia, from an arrogant, cold  genius  to a warmer, less standoffish human being.  It is interesting to see his receptivity to the people around him increase, even as his attention to his inner hallucinations decreases.  The inverse relationship between these qualities is somehing to behold, and to ponder. I would like to take this opportunity to call your attention to an interesting casting decision.  Did you happen to experience a mild sense of deja vu, when watching Nash's lab assistants work together at MIT's Wheeler labs?  Or when we first meet them, in the film's opening scenes?  If you happened to catch  Dazed and Confused,  back in 1993, that explains the feeling.  The characters Bender and Sol are played by Anthony Rapp and Adam Goldberg, who played a very similar couple of buddies in  Dazed and Confused.   There, they were Tony and Mike,  the smart kids  in their wild Texas high school.  Here again, together they portray an unusually intelligent pair, coping with varying success with the mundane world.  Just an interesting thing to note....  Other more-or-less background characters look like they had a lot of fun playing their parts, as well, especially Ed Harris and Paul Bettany. A problem I have is the way that  A Beautiful Mind  glosses quickly over some things, to make a person's life into fit material for a 90 minute film.  Think about it.  The happy times that John Nash enjoyed with his wife Alicia (fantastically played by the brilliant/babe-acious Jennifer Connelly) seem to amount to a few months, tops.  It appears that virtually their entire life together, from their early 20s to their late 60s, were almost constantly miserable.  Somehow the film makes you fel that there is a grand human triumph in here somewhere, but I'm not sure I agree.  Nash's is certainly a fascinating life story, but the film ranks a little too high on the well-known  S.S.I.  -- the Schmidt Schmaltz Index. I have nothing but respect for Ron Howard, who is plainly a good man, a good guy, and an EXCELLENT director.  Therefore, I imagine that he probably felt it was worth telling this story in a somewhat overly  Hollywood  fashion, in order to draw all the more attention to the important topics dealt with herein.  Nevertheless, I just want to note that this movie is pretty simplistic in certain ways, and achieves its emotional punch at a certain cost in terms of its faith to the real story.  If you want a more complete version of this story, try Sylvia Nasar's book version, also entitled  A Beautiful Mind.   If you don't want to concern yourself too much with reality, but just love this kind of story, I'd like to recommend that you read Daniel Keyes'  Flowers for Algernon. 
 It is clear from a viewing of this very good film what Hollywood found so intriguing and so fascinating about the life of Nobel laureate John Nash. It is indeed a life that was distinguished by a raging plethora of contradictory qualities and experiences, and one in which much was suffered and yet much gained. Thus it was by virtue of the very range of these seemingly irreconcilable aspects to his complicated, convoluted, and extremely troubled existence that his story was deemed to be so irresistible that they gave it the "whole Hollywood treatment".  In a phrase, then, in the movie industry's judgment Doctor Nash was notably nuts, and was a distinguished Noble Prize-winning nutcase at that. And, oh, how Hollywood loves to romanticize such accomplished, misunderstood and unlikable miscreants.  That much said, the acting was quite good, and the director truly was inspired, and deserved an Oscar for his work. For he does deliver an immensely entertaining and enormously interesting piece of work here, however badly it may misrepresent the true and authentic set of situations it is portending to recreate. Using a barrelful of creative license, Ron Howard deep sixes the accuracy of the events to weave a lovely period piece about love, intellect, and madness. So too, Russell Crowe's acting delivers a powerful testimony to the agony of his afflictions, yet it too is so stylized and so pushed along by special effects that somehow we wind up feeling almost envious of the protagonist's beautiful hallucinations of a world far more singularly novel, photogenic and breath-taking than the one the majority of us seem to inhabit day in and day out.  Jennifer Connelly is stunning and lovely, and her victory at winning the Academy Award speaks volumes for how little is expected of actresses in some dramatic roles. So, while I liked the movie for what it was, I was disappointed to find it such a sugary and sentimental representation of the events as they actually transpired. The story was often uneven and disjointed, so while my interest was maintained, I would be less than candid if I didn't say that I thought it a bit too long and at points a bit belabored.  A good movie, but in my humble estimation  hardly a great movie. Glad to see Ron Howard win the Oscar, but did not think this was the best he has ever done. Enjoy!
 I wouldn't call this movie a true story or a great movie, but it's a definitely a good movie. Shipping arrived in under a week and haven't had any problems.
 Have been learning about transitioning books to screen, so read the book, A Beautiful Mind, first, then read the screen play.  I had not seen the film.  Reading the screen play immediately set me off in sudden outbursts of laughter,  simply at the surprises that continually would appear in the script which had nothing to do with the book.  In fact, there is very little of the book in the screen play.  By the end I discovered that the screen play is described as a story inspired by the life of John Nash and the book, A Beautiful Mind.  Taken alone, the script is a good study in turning the story into an adventure, complete with gun battles and car chase; in fact, the idea of mental illness and an ill math genius who wins a nobel prize, is the jumping off point for this somewhat James Bond romp.  But to be fair, it is developed, independent from the book or the mental disease, into an entertaining and moving story.  If you read the script, I suggest that you also buy the Two-Disc Awards Edition DVD which goes into great depth as to the scripting, the casting, the filming, effects creation, and much more. An enormous amount of care was taken in turning the actual story into an  "it couldda happened  film.. inspired by the life of John Nash, but almost entirely fictional.  It is a well scripted, wittilly dialogued, and interesting fantasia based upon a situation which had similar circumstances.  The script leaves the John Nash character on a "reality diet where he still is haunted by the presence of his other characters his mind has created, but which he now has learned to ignore.  In fact, the real John Nash has almost no memory of his fantasies and has no remaining "hauntings of them now. But hey, this is Hollywood, and they always have trouble discerning reality from fantasy.  Bottom line
 Howard's latest movie, and winner of several awards, concerns the genius, home life and mental illness of John Nash (Crowe).  Taking us through his college years up to when he won the Nobel Prize, 'A Beautiful Mind' is an assured, open and often very moving film.  Crowe proves that his performances in 'Gladiator' and 'The Insider' weren't flukes, with a showy but bravely unsympathetic role.  Many decried that playing the madman was an easy option, which maybe would have been the case with any lesser actor, but anyone who watches Crowe in the early scenes, a bumbling, nervous, self-righteous college graduate can testify that this was certainly no easy option.  Indeed, shrugging off the action stereotype that might have come with his last role was surely no easy feat but Crowe makes you forget Maximus of Spain completely here. Of course, that isn't wishing to forget the dazzling tour de force that is Jennifer Connelly.  Watching her act, the word 'actress of a generation' often springs to mind, and like Crowe she has proven her determination not to be typecast.  Her role here is as far removed from her performance as drug-addled Marion Crane in 'Requiem For A Dream' as it could possibly be.  A lesser performer may have been tempted to simply allow the script do the work (after all, she could basically have been a mere housewife) but it is in the reflection of Nash's madness in his wife's eyes that makes it so horrific.  You get the feeling that the occasionally unrealistic portrayal of schizofrenia have been made more romantic (there is only about one hospital scene) so as to ensure that the movie's rating was kept down.  However, through two magnificent performances the audience is allowed a real insight into not just how madness affects one person but the people around him. Whilst Howard's earlier movies such as 'Apollo 13' were assured but ultimately formulaic, he really shows himself to be a very talented director indeed on this which is probably his best film to date.  Thankfully rather than wallowing in period detail he wisely chooses to take it slow, injecting a good deal of characterisation and a very honest and therefore moving portrayal of a relationship on the edge.  Even if this doesn't quite rank up there with 'Hilary And Jackie', it is still one of the best biopics of recent years and a milestone for all concerned.
 but it's his performance that makes this movie.  A Beautiful Mind is an engaging film.  Not a great movie, but a very good one.  As has become rather expected in movies by the  better  American directors, the ending is pure schmaltz.  I presume studio pressure had a lot to do with it--which is an excuse that is unavailable to Mr. Speilberg, who has transformed himself into the king of schmaltzy endings.  But, I digress. Part of Crowe's approach to acting is to notice and replicate certain  tics  that become the nucleus around which his performance can spin, react, and coalesce.  But, unlike many lesser actors, these  tics  do not devolve into cliches.  He uses them as windows into the character's soul.  Here, John Nash's fingers do a figure eight on his forehead when the stress around him builds.  It's as if he is both shielding himself from the world and also wishing away demons with some arcane incantation.  Crowe's portrait of a man transformed by events beyond his control should have earned him an Oscar.  This truly was the performance of the year, and not a throwaway like Crowe's performance in the mediocre Gladiator.  But, apparently, he was even too rude and boorish for Hollywood (which is saying something when major stars can still win Oscars after attacking people with golf clubs). Jennifer Connolly won an oscar for her role, but I'm not quite sure why.  Her performance is adequate, but the role is thin and her range of emotion is merely ordinary.  There is one scene where she is driven into a rage of frustration, shattering a mirror in the process, but that is the only shining moment for her. Now if we can only get Mr. Howard to get off the schmaltzy ending train ...
 I didn't know what the hell was going on at first. I didn't know what to believe until I got to the end. I was wondering all through the movie "Is he crazy or not? The end had a magnificient ending proving that anyoone can overcome dissabilities and excel. I also liked the message that the wife sent to us movie goers and her message said to me to stand by the one you love, even if it may be tough. Go see the Movie. One Love.
 If you want to be entertained, moved, and possibly inspired,  A Beautiful Mind  may do the trick - it is well-crafted, with superb, understated acting from its stars despite occasionally schmaltzy moments in the script. But if you want to learn about Nash the Nobel-winning mathematician, read the biography of the same title by Sylvia Nasar.  I really enjoyed this movie in the theatre. Unfortunately, when I read Nash's biography, I realized just how much had been sacrificed to create this tale of one man's triumph over madness. Nash's bisexuality, his earlier relationship and illegitimate son, his years of estrangement from Alicia, the combination of paranoid and megalomaniacal delusions that characterized the full-blown stages of his illness and the solid work he accomplished during treatment... all had been swept under the rug. Leaving them out made Crowe's Nash a simpler, more sympathetic hero, but in my opinion does a disservice to the equally humorous, tragic, and heroic story of the real Nash's life.
 Was interested in seeing this movie after viewing an interview of Ron Howard by Charlie Rose on PBS.  I've enjoyed a number of his films in the past, and wondered how he would tackle this complex story.  I was so swept away by his delusions, I was disappointed to learn that they were mere products of his imagination.  Had heard talk of the psychological community not fully appreciating this film because it gives the false impression that schizophrenia is curable, when most cases are in fact not.  Still, an engaging movie, and I was surprised to see so many viewers in Honolulu for what I thought might be a "hard sell".  Due to the strength of his performance, Russell Crowell carries the film, and for this should be applauded.  I attended the film with a classmate who teaches courses in psychology, and she agrees with my assessment.
 The story of John Nash, a mathematician,  Beautiful Mind  contains some of the best performances I've seen in quite some time. Russel Crowe is a marvel as the troubled John Nash, and Jennifer Connely leaves a foot print in Hollywood with her performance. The film keeps you guessing as to if this guy, John, is really sick or telling the truth about his  illusions . At the beginning though, I didn't quite see where the film was going, and to tell you the truth it bored me a bit, but after the first twenty minutes the film starts to pick up pace throwing us a few laughs here and there. The film is structured perfectly as far as emotions go, and the over all feel of the film is heart warming and memorable. Oscar winning performaces on both Crowe's and Connelly's part, whom I'm sure will get at LEAST an Oscar nomination. Definitely one of the best films of the year!
 For those more interested in the life of Nash, one should consult the excellent book this was based on. As it is, this is a very good movie.
 For me, the movie easily held my attention through, a docudrama that is based in reality but perhaps acceptably dramatized for movie sake. For those interested in a journey through the life of someone with a mental condition, and efforts to cope, this movie is probably for you. If such concepts are not something you have the slightest interest in, there will be better movies for you. I was wondering how anyone could rate this 1 or 2, but after reading such posts I could also see from their perspective while clearly having a different perspective. I liked the movie a lot, and have watched it on a couple of occasions.  It would have been better if there was more information presented, medically or biologically regarding Nash's Schizophrenia, or simply Schizophrenia in general. I think that viewers enjoying such movies would have appreciated this, but this was certainly thought of from the production team and I respect the movie for what it is. A beautiful movie.
 great movie.  russell crowe does a bang up job.  he reminds me of richard burton and if he keeps his ego in check should be a fan favorite for years to come.
 A Beautiful Mind is not Crowe's best picture, perhaps, but it is one in which he shows his depth as an actor.  Having reviewed his performances in 3
 I didn't know much about Nash or his theories before watching this movie, and while I'm aware that the movie isn't a 100% accurate picture of his life, A Beautiful Mind still tells a beautiful story. Ron Howard does an excellent job at conveying the difficulty of distinguishing reality from delusion and the frustration that Nash and Alicia went through. Both Russel Crowe and Jennifer Conolly put in great performances, especially Russel Crowe. He is incredible to watch in this film; he brings intensity to Nash's character and portrays the changes in mannerisms flawlessly. The supporting cast is also effective and the whole movie was shot beautifully. Overall, it was thought provoking, moving, and very interesting to watch. Definitely worth it.
 for those who want to see Crowe really lay the smack down as a skitzo man who sees invisible people and does an amazing job, well then this one is for you. with strong moments and a good cast including Ed Harris, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Adam Goldbgerg, Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettamy. not the best film od 2001 one but its a good movie.
 This is a movie that recieved Academy Awards for a reason, it's much better than I thought it was going to be.  The best thing about this movie is the AMAZING acting.  You would think that Russell Crowe was really like that and they just filmed him one day.  Jennifer Connely was just as good as his wife.  It was a great movie, but it was just a little too slow for me.  Oh well, the great story made up for that.
 After watching this movie last night, I am somewhere between the "This Movie was Pile of garbage and the "It Won Best Picture So It Must Be the Best Movie Ever crowds. . . .  I purchased the book several years ago, and it looked absolutely fascinating.  It looks even better now.  If this movie did nothing else, it inspired and motivated me to put the book by Sylvia Nasar way higher on my reading list for next summer. Nash is/was obviously a tremendously complex man, regardless of his disorder, and to convey those complications in a two-hour movie is virtually impossible.  Howard took the easier road and omitted a pile of details regarding their marriage, some of Nash's personal views, etc., probably for the better.  Real scholars will read the book and get the "real story from the biography; the casual moviegoer got a fascinating glimpse into the extraordinary life of a tormented genius. What bumps my review up from three to four stars were the extras on the DVD.  Seeing the real footage of Nash accepting his Nobel Prize was a beautiful addition to the film, brief though it was.  I'd love to have seen and heard Nash's acceptance speech in that footage.  Some of Ron Howard's commentary, particularly as he described the deleted scenes and how/why they were left out, was very interesting.  They made the move of the two-disc format by piling on a bunch of extras, more of which I'll be exploring this afternoon and tonight. Did Howard and Crowe manage to portray the "beautiful mind of John Nash in their limited opportunity?  I'll leave that to the more irate and gushing reviewers.  Is it a "Pile of garbage"?  No.  Is it "The Best Movie Ever"?  No.  It is ambiguously somewhere in between, probably on the higher end of the spectrum--I've seen movies try to achieve more with less success. . . . Bottom Line
 This was a good film, but not the great film its been portayed as.  The best scene is Jenifer Connley's sexual frustration outburst.  While I love Jennifer Connley she seems mis-cast for this part, she seems out of place and not believable in parts of the film, she is just too hot.  Russle Crowe was good but neither him or her deserved Oscars consideration for these performances. Don't get me wrong, it is a good film, but it doesn't rise to the level of "great others seem to think ...
 I was interested in the story because John Nash is from West Virginia and wanted to learn more about him because I had never heard of him before the movie buzz about this film. I had no real expectations of the film before watching it. Masterfully directed.  The plot twist is unsuspected and you are not sure what is real and what is not. Very touching.  Cried a few times.  The true hero of the story is Alicia. Not sure how accurate the film is.  If any of it is true it is still a remarkable story.  Hope to hear more about Mr. Nash and his family.
 The title and topic alone are enough to suggest that this is a very special movie ----not one car chase, and lots of food for thought, and maybe worry.  I knew some people in the 50s and 60s who went through shock treament in dismal institutions, like John Nash did in this film And his determination to use his considerable math and reasoning skills to work his way out of scizophrenia was very inspiring.  Some critics on this web site bash director Ron Howard for not getting deep enough into the characters and the story, but hey, he and the cast and crew obviously worked very hard on this film to get it this far.  And I thought his treatment kept us involved in what could have been a very lengthy, complex film which might never come together.  He also demonstrated that while Nash was able to pull himself out of the depths by the force of his will and intellect, the cure was far from complete, and the struggle would be ongoing. Let's have more movies like this.  Think of all the beautiful minds out there ---contemporary and historical, and how much we could learn about everyone from Galileo to Einstein to Sagan, and many more. I can't wait for the next film in this genre.
 If you are interested in a touching character drama that casts a much-needed eye on the human condition, here's your film.  The relationships that are depicted seem very coherent and organic, running the gamut of natural reactions to situations that, though rare, are at least believable.  Even supporting actors seem to be putting their all into events in an attempt to make them matter to us. The skeleton of the story is drawn from real life.  Gifted mathematician John Forbes Nash, Jr., uncovers a previously unknown economic principle, proving that capitalism only works when vain self-interest is sometimes sacrificed to the greater good.  (We all knew that, of course, but he proves it using the numbers.)  He gets a plum appointment to an MIT/Defense Department project, meets and marries a girl, and then suddenly suffers a profound psychotic break. If you're not too religious about your character dramas, you'll like this one.  It tries to investigate what in this world is real and what isn't; it tries to find the human core of a man who has lost touch with reality.  This film won a bevy of awards, and no wonder.  If you've seen it, you'll know why ...
 This two disc set is worth the money. Regardless of the stock you put in the decisions of the Academy of Motion Pictures, this film is still quite good and affecting on numerous levels. It seems that almost any film-not just a best picture winner-can get the glossy treatment of a two disc release. I have often wondered who had the brilliant idea to do double disc releases or special editions of pictures that, in my perfect world, would never EVER have been made, much less released on DVD ("Baseketball anyone? The Adam Sandler catalogue-excepting "The Wedding Singer of course) In this case, the discs contain a lot of info, but none of it seems terribly compelling, save for Ron Howard's home video footage of Dr. Nash explaining his equilibrium theory. The section on the music of the film for example, seems short and rather dull like so many other DVD's which feature special segments on the soundtrack. James Horner talks about how he tried to harness the moods that he experienced while watching the film. Hardly mind-blowing. I think that's what ALL composers do... There are other extras that seem fine-not bad, not great either. (The standard for DVD was clearly set by the Ultimate Edition of Terminator 2, a film and package that deserves the treatment it received.) The picture quality is quite good, I have not experienced any pixelation yet. I don't know that I would have picked this film for best picture, but I certainly don't hold the view of some who say it should not have even been a contender. What makes the film compelling is that it is loosely based on the life of some real people. There have been ample opportunities for people-including the real Dr. Nash-to bash the film. He and wife Alicia have not. It's hard to imagine how some of the excised portions of the book could be sucessfully worked into the film without it become completely unfocused and disjointed. Howard states as much in his [usually] interesting feature length commentary.  Almost all of the deleted scenes are great and-in my opinion-should have been left in the final cut.  If his goal was to portray a man's struggle with schizophrenia and his journey through self-discovery and the discovery of love, then he suceeded. Take the film for what it is-a good drama and an inspiring story.  To the reviewer who didn't appreciate Howard's treatment of the disease, go watch any number of depressing films dealing with mental illness and tell me we don't need a bit more hope in our worldview of it. Who's saying everyone with Dr. Nash's illness can be so easily 'cured'? When we see Dr. Nash with his old friend-now head of the department at Princeton-his friend asks him if 'they are still there', refering to the three characters that Nash imagines. "Yes Nash replies. And when the man from the Nobel committee asks Dr. Nash about his delusions, Nash states "I still see things that are not there. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Kind of like a diet of the mind. So clearly, Dr. Nash himself has NOT been cured. [On his commentary, Ron Howard goes to great pains to describe the research that went into the film, the care that was used to ensure that the disease was treated in a proper manner.]  He has, however, learned how to COPE with an illness he still struggles with-Isn't this an uplifting view of mental illness? Hello?
 I usually enjoy Ron Howard Films&this is a Good Film but mainly because of Russell Crowe who to me Should have gotten a Co-Oscar for His Performance Here.I think He&Denzel Washington both gave Great Performance's thsi Year to Each get a Award.without Crowe's Performance this Film is another Long-winded film.the film glosses over many things in the Book&it hurts the film in that process.this film kinda reminded me of "Rain Man for some strange reason.I think because the fact that Crowe is so Gifted as a Actor&His Persona was shaped rather well with the Role He was playing.
 I enjoyed this movie from beginning to end. Russell Crowe's performance was extraordinary. He convincingly portrayed math genius John Nash, an oddball who sank deep into schizophrenia. His wife, well played by Jennifer Connelly helps, see him through his disease as he overcomes it, becoming a Nobel Prize winner for his  game theory.  Director Ron Howard gets us into Nash's mind as he is having his delusions and, therby lies one problem with this movie
 Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind is a tragic and inspiring masterwork that showcases one of the most impressive acting performances in recent memory.  If there were still any lingering doubts as to the extent of Russell Crowe's acting prowess, this film dashed them all.  John Nash (Crowe) is a brilliant mathematician who makes an amazing breakthrough in his field while a student at Princeton.  After graduating, he teaches at M.I.T. while working for the federal government as a code-breaker.  He begins a relationship with a graduate student (Jennifer Connelly) and soon they are married and settled into a quiet domestic life.  However, Nash soon starts to see patterns and associations of information everywhere and it is soon discovered that he is suffering from schizophrenia.  Serious questions as to his perceptions of the real world, both in the past and in the present, must now be confronted.  Virtually all aspects of "A Beautiful Mind work beautifully.  Howard's confident direction and the strong lead performances by Crowe and Connelly is the glue that holds the entire production together.  However, the important contributions made by supporting actors Paul Bettany, Ed Harris, and Christopher Plummer, composer James Horner, and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman should also be acknowledged.  "A Beautiful Mind furthermore deserves credit for not sentimentalizing Nash's struggle against mental illness.  The darker aspects of his tortuous road to recovery are not avoided and are unflinchingly presented warts and all.  It is a credit to Crowe's talent that we come to know John Nash so well and come to care so much for him.  Nash's life is an amazing story and "A Beautiful Mind is an amazing recounting of it.
 A Beautiful Mind is the touching story of John Nash, the brilliant mathematical genius who suffers from delusional paranoia, better known as schezophrenia. Nash is played beautifully by the talented Russell Crowe, whom I did not think could fit into this role. With his last film being Gladiator where he was buffed, here, he is slouched over and fits into an awkward body and mind.  A solid supporting cast gives this movie depth. I won't give away too much because there are a few surprises and no shortage of touching moments. A Beautiful Mind is flawed in that it simplifies Nash's achievements into elementary terms. I saw the extra with Ron Howard visiting Nash and it seemed he had no idea what Nash's equilibrium accomplished or stood for. Ron Howard, however, proves to be a fine emotional director and relies heavily on Russell Crowe's great performance.
 ... The acting, directing and screenwriting were stellar.  The only disappointment for me was that the movie was a whitewashed type of feel good vehicle for Ron Howard to do his typical (and typically well done) "triumph of the human spirit silliness.  That doesn't cut down on the enjoyment factor, but it does mislead viewers into believing that John Nash, the subject of the movie, was a more wholesome person than history tells us he was.  The movie leaves out all of the unsavory moments in Nash's life, from his alleged torturing of animals as a child to his prior marriage and adultery (and some worse).  As a result, the audience learns to sympathize with a person who may not at all be sympathetic in real life.  As I said, it makes for a great movie, but don't go believing it.
 The movie cinematography, casting and story line were wonderful. Quite interesting. I walked away feeling sympathy for all with mental illness.
 Russell Crowe has done it again with another virtuoso acting performance as genius mathematician John Nash, a victim of schizophrenia.  This movie is very reminiscent of an earlier film, Shine, about a gifted, but mentally ill pianist who overcomes tremendous obstacles to make a comeback on the concert circuit.  I did feel the ending to this film was a little over the top in its sentimentality.  And who persuaded director, Ron Howard, to  age  Jennifer Connolly with what has to be one of the worst and phoniest make-up jobs in history!  Aside from that, this movie must be seen just to appreciate Crowe's amazing performance.
 This is one of the very few films on my favorites list that is not war or combat-oriented. I still can't decide which Crowe film I like better, this or Gladiator. The acting is superb from all the chief characters (Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connely, Ed Harris), and I am very pissed that Denzel Washington robbed Crowe of the Best actor award for the crappy  Training Day . The plot is a little screwy, but Ron Howard's good directing makes it work. The only thing that really kept me from giving this movie a perfect 5 is that it robbed  The Fellowship of the Ring  of best picture.
 After the Grinch I swore to myself never to see a Ron Howard film again. My brother dragged me to this one and I went with my arms folded across my chest. Not knowing what it was about, I found the mathematician moderatly interesting. I was not expecting the "twist and it threw me for a loop. It is obvious Ron Howard has grown as a director in this film. It reminds me of Tom Hanks' career. For years he was known as the king of romantic comedy and now he is considered one of our greatest actors. But back then, who knew. I hope Howard takes chances like this in the future. Great story telling with a camera. As far as the DVD goes, the shameless differentiation between the real Nash and Crowe's Nash are a bit off-putting, but are nonetheless an interesting feature. Instead of a speech given at the awards as in the movie, some old dame with a tiara puts a medal around his neck. The commentary is also good and Ron does goof on the fact that is brother Clint is only heard in a sound bite instead of seen as in most of his movies. Maybe that's why it got best picture. Speaking of which, I am one of the few that actually can see the reasoning why A Beautiful Mind picked up a few oscars. Howard wins the Julia Roberts oscar. She won because she actually acted, he won because he actually directed. This is his best film since Appolo 13, which was a neat hat trick. It is a good movie with great acting and a phenomenal story. A great addition to any DVD library.
 Ron Howard's direction of "A Beautiful Mind is much like that of "The Sixth Sense in that it is only much later in the film that we see certain realities of the main character's world for what they are.  It does lose points with me, however, for not portraying certain aspects of John Nash's life accurately. Ignored, for example, is the fact that his wife, the initially spunky and forceful, Alicia, is El Salvadorian, and while Jennifer Connelly's portrayal of her was well-done, she could have adopted a more Spanish-sounding accent for the part.  While a bit beefy for the lead role, Russell Crowe submerges himself nicely into the character of the eccentric, socially inept John Nash, complete with a Southern twang. The film features the usual cornerstones of a Crowe performance
 This was a great movie at a great price! But there was a few times in the movie when the DVD was skipping almost like it was scratched even though it was brand new.
 Great movie. This Blu-Ray looks great. Loved the movie on DVD and this is sweet. Good stuff, buy it now. Ok? Yes, you should buy.
 Movie was great.  it came in a plastic wrap around the actual CD and it wouldn't play in select DVD players.  I used it for a college review in my sociology class and it was a great pick.  Awesome movie.
 There was a special edition VHS that had a "making of monus material that this dvd did not have so I was a little disappointed in that respect. Otherwise a good investment. The product arrived on time and in good condition.
 The Bottom Line
 I always thought that mathematics could drive a person crazy.  After watching A Beautiful Mind, I could verify that my theory is not absolutely preposterous.  This drama based on a real life history presents Russell Crowe as John Forbes Nash Jr, a mathematical genius whose mind goes through an intense trip from health to madness to health again. The complexity of the brain and its effects in human behavior are explored with a clarifying view in this film.  Nash's story begins in 1947, when the "mysterious genius of West Virginia arrives at Princeton to attend his studies. Obsessed with come up with a really original idea, Nash is most of the time solving complicated equations in the library, in the large windows of his room and even in the bar where he hangs out with his competitive companions.  And it is on a simple day that the idea appears suddenly. His study in the theory of the game audaciously contradicts the Adam Smith's doctrine. One hundred and fifty years of accepted ideas suddenly are not fashionable anymore and Nash's life changes forever. Now working at the recognized MIT, Nash becomes involved with some Cold War investigations, while simultaneously his personal life gives a complete turn when he meets Alicia, a physics student and eventually, his future wife.  But the dreamed life of Nash soon crumbles when they diagnose him paranoid schizophrenia. His genius becomes cloudy and from that moment, Nash must fight to apply the logic - the one that once served him to solve complicated theorems- to the disease that every day tries to moves him away more from reality.  Narrated from Nash's point of view, the movie tries to baffle us by mixing reality with fantasy; a technique that effectively makes us understand how confused a mind can get.  Russell Crowe offers a dramatic interpretation as Nash, as we see him age 40 years in screen. The actor takes a comfortable ride through the different facets of Nash, from the safe, arrogant genius, to the lost and tormented man that`s desperately trying to get rid of his demons.  Jennifer Connelly, as Alicia, complements Crowe in all senses. Desolated by the disease of her husband, Alicia fights under pressure to continue loving the upset genius and offering the emotional support that he needs so much.  Although inevitably the movie falls with its sentimentality, A Beautiful Mind is a film that's worth watching. Is not about mathematics or the important merits Nash offered to the world. It's about his genius, and how he accomplished to control his delirious and how he became not only a person with a truly great mind, but also with a great heart.
 I did like this movie, I didn't htink it wa steh most amazing movie ever but it was a nice stylized trick of having us deeply inside of his delusion before it's revealed that they are just that.  That was a nice touch and I think that Russell Crowe is a very good actor.  I'm always amazed at how much he can change himself to accommodate the character as seeming real.
 The story of a genius mathmatician at his onset of schizophrenia.  At the time Nash was diagnosed with schizophrenia it was thought that only insulin shock, medicine, and a stress-free life could allow him to function with the schizophrenia.  The medical treatments cost him his ability to solve mathmatical equations and ability to function.  As a man of logic he decided to take the disorder into his own hands.  Since Nash had always had a gift for solving irrational problems why couldn't he solve this one?  I am sure that what Hollywood has given us in this film is far from the truth of what really happened with John Nash, but it was a nice story.  The movie is charged with great actors.  Plus some of the deleted scenes are actually worth watching, a rare find.
 It sometimes seems like geniuses live in their own world, apart from the rest of us. In A Beautiful Mind, John Nash, who would later become a Nobel-prize winning Mathemetician, does live in a world of his own. He is a schizophrenic, unable to distinguish between reality and his own imaginings. The people he has imagined seemed so real that I could feel his world crumble when he discovered that he really wasn't part of a top-secret government organization, and that his jocular college roomate is not real either.  Russell Crowe makes an amazing transition from playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(Commodus) in the mask of a gladiator to playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(schizophrenia) in the mask of a genius. This is such a unique story for making a movie about, but it works.
 My complaints about the movie would have to be that it was too long, and in some parts I found it to be a bit confusing. However, I thought everything else about the movie was well done. The character developement of Alicia Nash was well played, and the delusions were amazing. They pulled you in, and you thought it was going to be some sort of spy action movie, but felt betrayed when you realized the truth. All in all, I would recommend it.
 It's extremely difficult to get into the mind (and therefore the world) of the patient with schizophrenia or a similar thought disorder.  Necessarily simplified from the biography of mathematician John Nash, this film achieves dramatic pace and structure that has no analogue in the life of even some of the most extraordinary individuals suffering from such a condition.   Setting aside the fact that Ron Howard's work is not true to the nominal subject of the movie, however, this film comes laudably close to a good clinical depiction of the desperate vividness of the auditory and visual hallucinations suffered by patients with schizophrenia, including the sort of elaborate structures of delusion which the more intelligent individual has been known to develop.   I would wish that Howard and his associates had managed to portray something more of the adverse effects of the drugs available to treat schizophrenia in the '50s and '60s.  Indeed, I would've liked to have seen Russell Crowe add to his superb performance some intimation of these harrowing elements so that the audience could better understand the pharmacotherapeutic factors that drove Nash to discontinue his neuroleptic medications and undertake what is essentially self-directed cognitive therapy in order to address his thought disorder.  Even the more recently-developed "atypical antipsychotic medicines have pretty nasty side effects, and we are far from perfection in the medical management of schizophrenia today.   This is in no way a perfect movie, certainly.  It is, however, good art, and we owe the makers of this film our thanks for helping increase the general public awareness of thought disorders.  Schizophrenia is a great deal easier to treat (both with and without neuroleptic agents) when it is brought to appropriate medical attention at the earlier phases of development, and Russell Crowe has succeeding in putting a human face on the disorder -- much as Tom Hanks did for HIV/AIDS in *Philadelphia* -- with great power and (I hope) telling effect.
 Having read the biography of the highly complex and none too likable math genius, John Nash, one cannot help but be disappointed in the movie version.  Russell Crowe is superb and brings all his talent and skills into this performance, but mainstream Hollywood director Ron Howard tends to go for general audience appeal.  There should have been more emphasis on the astounding work on game theory that led to his Nobel prize.  And bringing in less flattering aspects of Nash's behavior and brash personality would have made for much better drama than the ones contrived to tug at our heartstrings.  Still, general audiences who know little or nothing of Nash will be impressed with the way the story is spun.  Too bad more of the truth couldn't have been laid out for us to digest.  It's a real life drama that needs no Hollywood gimics or fictionalized script.
 Writing a biography is always a tricky thing, causing debates over accuracy.  When some say this guy is a genius, others say he's just a lucky fellow.  And if the person in point is still alive, the case gets more complicated.  So, script writer Akiva Goldsman did something very unique in creating lifestory of John Nash, Nobel-Prize winning mathematician.   Russel Crowe plays this real-life Princeton professor John Nash, whose gifted "beautiful mind leads his heart to the places where no ordinary persons can imagine to go.  Full of youth, confidence, and a little bit of arrogance, John is finally recruited by America's prestigeous institute, after writing a paper that later greatly influence the theories in economics and other academic fields.  Soon he finds his love in one of his students, and his life seems going smoothly until one gentleman came to him, asking to crack the secret codes from Russia. First, don't try to find anything authentic about Mr. Nashs life; the film is as real as those secret organizations depicted in 007 series.  The director Ron Howard and the writer Goldsman shows the "essence of his suffering from schizophonia, which is to stay with John Nash from his youth until his age got advanced much later.  Here's the trick of the film (you must see it for yourself), which may leave some viewers embarrassed.  I know some critics who in effect claimed, with some justfication, that this film doesn't pay enough respect to patients of this disease, and I am not perfectly sure how to refute these detractors' claims. The film has, let me assure you, been endowed with power coming from the leading actor Crowe, whose utter failure of "Proof of Life should be now forgiven and forgotten.  Nash's delicate sensibility is expressed with his gifted performance, and very subtle nuance is conveyed with well-timed lines that suggest his fragile inner feelings (see, for instance, when he is beaten by one of his friends over the GO game, how he mutters with hurt pride
 This item took a little longer to get here then I thought it should. I was going to use it as a Christmas present but it didn't get here in time for that so I had to use it as a Birthday present instead. The price was a good one for this movie and the person I gave it to really liked it.
 If he is the person responsible for his body of work, then John Nash cutely explained mathematically human decision making.  Kind of that game that celebrity poker players on tv play when they are bored, "What would Johnny Lautner(sp?) think? where they guess what someone would think is the right answer about someone else NOT what the actual answer is - but what would Johnny or Jennifer think it is!  That is a very cute and super impressive smart thing to create.  And could a crazy person (I don't believe there is such a thing as crazy) or rather someone who is distracted and exhausted by imaginary friends  - would he really be able to focus enough to carve out his excellent understanding of human nature and his strong mathematical ability to accomplish what John Nash did?  So I only watched the ending of the film because it looked unrelateable and unattractive to me, I couldn't trust any of the characters around the main character and I certainly don't enjoy people acting like crazy is an actual state of mind instead of an alibi to get away with murder a la Vincent "The Chin Gigante (Jay Leno, anyone?)  Too bad that most of the movie is about flailing at invisible to everyone else Paul Bettany (WHO would imagine Paul Bettany?) instead of what the actual theory is because I bet a lot of Americans would be interested and really enjoy sitting around playing with his theory, at least people who enjoy following WWE and Gangstarapper gossip would.  So fun but unexplored by Richie Cunningham who doesn't make bad movies but I just don't understand why he focused on Nash's alleged cuckoo for cocoa puff-ness.  These are the kinds of people who should get accepted into the Ivy League, not name droppers, social climbers and show-offs!  We wouldn't envy people who got into these schools when we didn't; we'd be grateful and rejoice!
 "A Beautiful Mind has been the subject of much pre-Oscar controversy; some of the charges against this film are more valid than others.  Critics have been coming out of the woodwork and accusing director Ron Howard of dodging some throny issues in his film biography of math wizard John Nash (accusations have ranged from Nash's alleged homosexuality to even anti-semitism).  In addition, the casting of Jennifer Connelly as Nash's long suffering wife has provoked the wrath of some in the Latino community (Nash's wife is really from El Salvador).  Regardless of the above, "A Beautiful Mind is a good film on its own terms.  Russell Crowe gives a powerhouse performance as the professor suffering with scizophrenia.  This must have been a tricky role to play, but Crowe pulls it off without faking a single move.  Jennifer Connelly was better in the far edgier "Requiem for a Dream, but she shines in her role as the long-suffering wife.  Howard competently directs the film with feeling and at a reasonable pace, although the spotlight really belongs to Crowe.  I wouldn't look to this film for hard facts on Nash, but nonetheless I recommend it on the strength of the film's stellar performances.
 Pretty much what I expected
 I didn't know what to expect when I first saw this movie at the theaters.  It is a different, but yet pleasant surprise type of movie.  One that shows how much our minds are taken for granted!
 Rusell Crowe comes back with an outstanding performance that brings back to mind his role in Michael Mann's "The Insider, where he played the role of a former executive from a tobacco company that becomes persecuted by the company because how much he knew. This time around, he plays the role of mathematician John Nash, a brilliant mind who stands out of the rest of his peers while he attended Princeton. This put him in a position where he was bound to be involved with the Department of Defense in Top Secret operations, as "the world's best natural code-braker. However his mind plays games with him and drives him down a cliff of paranoia, ending up diagnosed with schizophrenia. His trip back from this problem with the help of his loving wife Alicia (played by beautiful Jennifer Connelly -"Requiem for a Dream") takes a central place in the movie, until he learns to live with the visions of his past that surround him while he gets in touch once again with what's real in life... A movie with a beautiful message of what's possible with the help of love and determination. See it. You will like it.
 A fascinating movie with interesting plot twists.  I'm not sure I would use the adjective beautiful to describe his mind.  At least there's a happy ending.
 The Shaw Brothers, the company known for their many releases of Hong Kong films for many decades ran by producer Sir Run Run Shaw, knighted by the British government and founder of Shaw University in Hong Kong and even founded the HK-TVB TV network was a major power behind the company and his third brother Runme Shaw (who founded South Sea Film), the film company would become known as Shaw Brothers Studio and become the first studio to bring Hong Kong cinema with sound in 1934.  The Shaw Brothers have created over a thousand films and with several having been aired on US television and some being released on video, "The 14 Amazons gets its release on DVD courtesy of Celestial Pictures and FUNimation Entertainment via their Hong Kong Connection line featuring original masters of the original film and both the Mandarin and English dub dialogue.  In 1972, the film "The 14 Amazons was released in theaters and won Best Director (Cheng Kang), Best Supporting Actress (Lisa Lu), Best Sound Recording and Honorable Mention for Drama for the 11th Golden Horse Awards in 1973 and earn Lily Ho the "Oustanding Female Lead Performance for the 19th Asian Film Festival (1973).  VIDEO
 "The 14 Amazons originally came out in Hong Kong back in 1972, months after the OTHER epic Shaw Brothers film of the year, <a href="http
 Deeply informative dramatization of Beatles' John Lennon murderer Mark David Chapman from his start in Hawaii to his incarceration in New York. Newcomer Jonas Ball plays Chapman without going too far over the edge, though at times people who are familiar with the appearance of Chapman would wonder why they picked an actor who is at least thirty pounds less than the real McCoy. But what really got me about this film is it was written with Chapman's own words through police interviews and private memoirs. But when the filmakers decided to use the actual locations that where Chapman and Lennon walked twenty-five years earlier, they didn't account for the backgrounds would now be totally different, and a sharp eye will notice a 70's-make cab for instance driving by the 2006 ABC Network's JumboTron and it's newly lit-up Times Square. Even though these may take you out of the movie, it's the dark and insane words of Chapman that will keep you in. In fact, it's so detailed that the actual assassination doesn't take place till an hour and ten minutes into the movie, and yes, it's extremely hard to watch, even 25 years later.  I'd like to comment that I personally feel that as a society, we shouldn't turn these types of killers of famous people into stars themselves, forever attaching them to the person who truly earned that fame to begin with. But that is the nature of the beast. You'll find no sympathy or concern for Chapman after watching this, but it does explain very well his method of madness. (RedSabbath Rating
 I went into `The Killing of John Lennon' wanting to be illuminated.  A reenactment rather than a documentary, I was surprised by how much I remembered about Lennon's assassin, Mark David Chapman.  Looking and feeling like many fictionalized Hollywood films, this lurid account provides a great deal of authenticity.  After watching this film, I felt like I had walked in Chapman's shoes, or at least followed his footsteps, and I'm at a loss to state whether I'm better off for having taken that walk.  For stylistic techniques, the movie is edited with fastidious finesse.  We get near breaking edge fast-forward, slow motion, and artistic ensemble framing.  Writer/director Andrew Peddington spent a great deal of time and care on this film, and editor Tony Palmer should get some semi-prestigious prize for his outstanding work.  From the beginning, we get the horrible tragedy and then back up again.  They retrace Chapman's life before he made his fateful decision. Interspersed, we see the shooting again, and then again, as the movie marches forward to its inevitable conclusion.  Many times they show a collage of split-second John Lennon pictures frantically flipped across the screen.  I was wondering
 "The Killing of John Lennon takes us into the mind of a cold-blooded assassin.  I speak, of course, of Mark David Chapman, the mentally disturbed 25-year-old who shot down the former Beatle in front of his apartment in the Dakota building on December 8, 1980.  The movie achieves its goal by restricting itself pretty much to Chapman's actual words, which flow forth mainly in the form of voiceover narration, as he comments on his thoughts and deeds.  We're first introduced to Chapman in September of that year as a moody, darkly introspective near-loner (he was married at the time) living in Hawaii, who calls people he doesn't know with threatening messages, and becomes so obsessed with "The Catcher in the Rye that he begins to fancy himself another Holden Caulfield, i.e., a uniquely insightful observer and commentator on people and life whom no one else seems to understand.  We learn of his being raised in a loveless family by self-absorbed and disinterested parents, where emotions and physical affection were seen as inappropriate and to be avoided at all costs.  We see how he first begins to focus on Lennon as the representation of all that's wrong with the world and his own life, viewing the singer/songwriter as a hypocrite and a sell-out for preaching the gospel of love-over-materialism in his music ("Imagine no possessions...") while living the lavish lifestyle of the rich and famous himself.  Like Holden, Chapman came to see himself as on a mission to expose and bring down the "phonies, and Lennon was the one he alit upon.  We then follow Chapman to New York City, where he methodically closes his trap, carefully following in Holden's footsteps all along the way (for instance, Chapman stays at the Waldorf-Astoria and orders up a hooker simply because Holden does those things in the novel).  Chapman comes to see himself as fulfilling Holden's quest to "kill the fat man in the hotel - only Chapman will take that act out of the realm of fiction and fantasy and make it a reality.  Written and directed by Andrew Piddington, the movie, which has been shot largely at the actual locales, provides both a chillingly detached portrait of a man who was a self-described "nobody until he "killed the biggest somebody on earth, and an unsensationalized account of his actions before, during and after the murder.  Jonas Ball, who is on screen virtually 100% of the time in this film, effectively captures the loser-like nature of what is essentially a nondescript pipsqueak with delusions of grandeur who's determined to make himself noticed by a world that's paid little or no heed to him up to this point.  It is probably impossible for anyone to successfully get into a mind as warped and twisted as Chapman`s.  But the makers of "The Killing of John Lennon do give it a valiant try.
 While the film CHAPTER 27 was in production, there was a tremendous outcry that a movie was being made about John Lennon's demented killer, Mark David Chapman.  I don't really remember why.  I think there were arguments that any attempt to give Chapman the celebrity he felt he deserved would be realized with a film about Lennon's death.  I haven't seen CHAPTER 27 but the reviews aren't good.  I'll probably see it though, just to compare to THE KILLING OF JOHN LENNON.  (Both films came out the same year, similar to the CAPOTE/INFAMOUS and TOMBSTONE/WYATT EARP films).  But I doubt if anyone can watch THE KILLING OF JOHN LENNON and come away thinking that Mark David Chapman is anything but the crazy "killer nerd who should be locked away for the rest of his life (credit author Albert Goldman for labeling him a "killer nerd").  The film opens with the announcement that all of the words belong to Chapman himself.  I find that totally believable.  Chapman's descent into madness leading up to the murder is as sad as it is fascinating.  Scraping by with a goofy mother and a hapless wife, Chapman spirals into his craziness by first stumbling on to "The Catcher in the Rye, so identifying with its disenfranchised narrator that he sees the book as holy, and then stoking a furious hatred for John Lennon for "betraying his fans.  "The guy who sang that 'imagine no possessions' had millions and millions...making him a phony.  The film also feels authentic from the actual locations where everything took place.  I stopped by the Dakota on my first visit to NYC and it really made a difference watching this film.  There isn't a false moment in this honest yet stylized film.  It felt like a documentary about a very sick, twisted mind and how it single-handedly changed music history.  Check it out.
 Let's get this out of the way right now for the legions of Beatles fans who believe that this movie should never have been made. These fans, as I understand it, are outraged not only that the movie exists, but that it's been getting glowing reviews since it premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival in 2006.  "The Killing of John Lennon is not meant to please Beatlemaniacs. It's not meant to be in "good taste. It's not even meant to be entertainment in the traditional sense of the word. It is, rather, a difficult, disturbing, and at times nauseating movie to watch, even if you never cared about the Beatles or Lennon, even if you weren't yet born on December 8, 1980, and even if you have little sense of who Mark David Chapman--played with chilling accuracy by Jonas Ball--was, what he did, and why he did it.  Why did Chapman do it? Because he was an emotionally disturbed and probably insane individual. He wanted to steal Lennon's fame, his identity. He saw himself as the reincarnation of Holden Caulfield, the hypocrisy-hating narrator of J.D. Salinger's classic novel of disaffected youth, "<a href="http
 AKA  Horror Castle , this rarely seen German-Italian horror film has been handled well and is a find for collectors. Dubbed in English and directed by Antonio Margheriti ( Castle of Blood ), it concerns a new bride (Rosana Podesta) discovering the eyeless corpse of a woman inside an ancient iron maiden (the  Virgin ) in her husband's ancestral castle on the Rhine. Told by everyone it was just a nightmare, she suspects something more and sure enough discovers Christopher Lee (as Erik), a war disfigured handyman, acting suspiciously around some antique surgical instruments. Later, the sinister housekeeper balefully informs her that an infamous ancestor,  the Punisher , is back and bent on torturing and killing  shameless women . There is a mysterious costumed and hooded figure running around the castle and Podesta witnesses him placing a rat cage (with a very hungry and large rat) over a screaming woman's face. Meanwhile her husband is acting suspicious and a strange American who may be an FBI agent is lurking around the estate. It won't be long before Podesta is next on the killer's torture list. Nicely done in color and a very good print,  Virgin  is a lurid and creepy shocker with a couple of truly grisly scenes...the rat cage sequence being one of them. Podesta runs around in negligees discovering torture equipment, skulls and other goodies. The soundtrack features a Euro-jazz score with the scary music rising to crescendos at every twist and turn. It's no work of art, but a pretty good chiller with some good photography and atmospheric interiors (and exteriors) of the castle. I thought it could've used some more ghoulishness and less running around but as it is it isn't bad and worth checking out. Euro-horror lovers should like it.
 A Good Day For A Hanging, a solid and entertaining Western, bookends nicely with a much more heralded 50's Western, High Noon. High Noon, in addition to dealing with courage and personal responsibility, dealt with the problems of enforcing law in a society that is afraid to protect itself from imminent criminal activity. This film deals with the frustrations of properly punishing criminals once they are caught.  Fred MacMurray stars as a store owner who joins a posse chasing bank robbers. One of the bank robbers is a young punk played by Robert Vaughn, who also is very friendly with McMurray's young daughter. During the ensuing chase, the elderly and much loved town sheriff is killed by Vaughn, who is in turn shot and captured by McMurray and the posse.  MacMurray becomes acting sheriff, and pushes forth the prosecution of Vaughn. But to MacMurray's utter amazement, the town begins to sympathize with Vaughn,to the point that no one wants to believe that he is guilty. MacMurray's dogged pursuit of justice causes him strained relations with everyone in the town (especially his daughter) except the young town doctor, played by James Drury.  Well acted and written, this film continues where High Noon left off by indicting those who are always screaming for law and order, but do not have the will to enforce it. It is great that this film is being released on DVD.
 Fred MacMurray starred in several westerns in the fifties, and "Good Day for a Hanging", released in 1959, is an engrossing "duster that holds your attention throughout. It raises issues such as capital punishment, loyalty, duty, family and the nature of justice.  A gang of outlaws holds up a bank and escapes, with the popular town marshall and a posse in hot pursuit. During a shoot-out in the hills, the marshall is shot dead by one of the gang. The youngest member of the gang, Eddie Campbell ( Robert Vaughn in a terrific performance ), is wounded and brought back to town by the posse. Posse-member, Ben Cutler ( Fred MacMurray ), is sure that young Eddie is the outlaw who shot the marshall, although he convinces townspeople that there should be a fair trial, rather that a quick lynching. Ben reluctantly agrees to take over as marshall, which soon causes problems with his bride-to-be, Ruth Granger ( attractive Maggie Hayes ), and his daughter, Laurie ( petulant Joan Blackman) who has a crush on Eddie  ( Ben is a widower ). This, however, is a horse opera not a soap opera--there are fisticuffs, gunfights, a very tense trial scene and an excellent showdown at the end of the film.  Today I suspect most people remember Fred MacMurray as the affable and immensely likeable star of TV's "My Three Sons", and a number of Disney films. Film buffs know that,in fare such as "Double Indemnity and "The Apartment", Mr. MacMurray could also be effective in less sympathetic roles. In "Good Day", he certainly has an edge to his performance, and gives us a convincing western hero. In addition to the intense Mr. Vaughn, we have a "pre-Virginian James Drury as Dr. Ridgely, doting on Laurie Cutler, but unable to distract her from her obsession with young Eddie. Western fans will spot such actors as Denver Pyle, Gregg Barton, William Fawcett, Harry Lauter and the ubiquitous Tom London in supporting roles.  I see that the movie was produced by Charles H. Schneer and directed by Nathan Juran, better known for their collaboration with stop-motion effects master, Ray Harryhausen.  I found the widescreen, colour picture quality to be excellent--the sound typical for films of this vintage.  If you like westerns, Fred MacMurray may not be the first name you would think of. However, he was a fine actor, and was right at home throwing punches or lead ! "Good Day for a Hanging delivers a "good ninety minutes of western suspense and excitement. Recommended.
 A town marshal is shot and killed while pursuing a group of fleeing bank robbers.  Community pillar Ben Cutler (Fred MacMurray) reluctantly agrees to become the new marshal.  Cutler, a member of the outlaw-chasing posse, wounds and apprehends the trigger man, bad boy Eddie `The Kid' Campbell (Robert Vaughn.)    With Vaughn as a troubled youth - he never had a chance given the way he growed up - and MacMurray the middle aged, moral man at odds with the apathetic town he defends, think of GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING as a mixture of The Blackboard Jungle and High Noon, with a shady defense attorney and an extended courtroom scene thrown in for good measure.    The 1950s were the decade of message westerns, or a least westerns with a social sense and an accusatory finger to point.  1959's GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING isn't as strident as some of that era, but it's serious in its way, flaying a bit of the flesh of the fickle and apathetic townfolks while deifying the last honest man.  Fortunately, GOOD DAY possesses the reassuringly mellow presence of MacMurray as the man behind the badge, calming whatever worries we may have harbored that GOOD DAY will get too carried away with whatever message it's trying to deliver.    My expectations were fairly modest for GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING, and I'm happy to say I wasn't disappointed (wasn't pleasantly surprised, though, either.)  A traditional western with a competent cast, recommended especially for fans of the genre.
 Good Day For A Hanging features Fred MacMurray in what is more of a character drama than a standard Western.  MacMurray plays Ben Cutler, a former Marshall who gets caught up in the aftermath of a bank robbery gone wrong.  A gang of bank robbers botches what was otherwise a well planned robbery of the town bank, only to be chased out of town by the Marshall and a makeshift posse.  During the chase the Marshall is shot and killed, with all of the posse as witnesses.  The shooter, Eddie "the Kid Campbell,  is wounded, but relatively unharmed before he is brought back to town.  It is here that the movie shifts to a solid character drama, as a prominent defense attorney shows up to take Campbell's case.  Campbell grew up in the town and the attorney begins to plant the seed of reasonable doubt in the members of the posse - leading to a conflict with Cutler.  Campbell is convicted on the strength of Cutler's testimony, but the townspeople begin to doubt Cutler's motives as they wonder if there really was enough evidence to convict the Kid.  A movement in town grows to try to get the Kid's sentence commuted to life in prison, creating a conflict with Cutler, who is determined to see the sentence carried out.  Good performances from MacMurray and Robert Vaughan (as Campbell) help Good Day For A Hanging become as entertaining and engrossing as it is.  The dialog and laid back style are very much in line with some TV Westerns, but it's all just a cut above that level.  The direction from Nathan Juran is good, and sometimes inspired, and the cast does a good job of portraying a very tight-knit, family oriented town where everyone knows each other.  While Good Day For A Hanging isn't at the level of the best Westerns from the 50's (like Winchester '73, The Searchers, Warlock, Last Train from Gun Hill, The Man From Laramie, etc), it is still a good movie and well worth your time if you are a fan of the genre.  3 1/2 Stars.
 At the end of the decade of the 1940s Columbia Pictures was producing and releasing both Gene Autry and Durango Kid series "B Westerns, and doing well with them. During the 1950s, Columbia upgraded to more expensive fare, and produced a number of fine color Westerns with such solid actors as Randolph Scott, Fred MacMurray, and others. GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING  was one of several that MacMurray did for Columbia (also notable is FACE OF A FUGITIVE), and it's a very good one. MacMurray has a unique style in just about everything he does (as anyone who remembers "My Three Sons will recall!)--more meditative and quizzical, but always likeable. He shines in GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING, and manages to convey a resolve and determination that is also at the same time very human. This is no super-hero, but rather a man of real emotions, and thus identifiable with most viewers. In the end MacMurray's reasoned determination, albeit tested severely, is proven correct.  Production values and print quality are excellent; Columbia (Sony) continues to release some fine Westerns from the 1940s and '50s (e.g., THE VIOLENT MEN, LUST FOR GOLD, JUBAL, COWBOY, THE DESPERADOES, HANGMAN'S KNOT,  several of the Durango Kid series, etc.), and GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING is one of the better ones.
 Robert Vaughn hadn't quite come to be heavily identified as a suave but ruthless heavy yet by the time he made this interesting 1959 Nathan Juran-directed western, though there is something of the typical Vaughn sneering going on, as he does in fact play the bad guy in this somewhat politically conservative but relatively nuanced piece about a marshall (Fred MacMurray) who has to deal with a popular prisoner (Vaughn) who he knows committed a murder, but whom the townspeople seem very disposed to just let off for the crime - despite their respect for the marshall.  All in a small city in Nebraska in 1878, with the desire to see itself as "civilized and put the lawless days of lynch mobs and gunfights in the streets behind it.  At the beginning of the film, Ben Cutler (MacMurray) is a widowed ex-marshall, now shopkeeper about to marry Ruth Granger (Margaret Hayes), another widower with a young son.  Cutler has a daughter, Laurie (Joan Blackman) who stops in the street to talk to a boy she grew up with and loved who she hasn't seen in years, Eddie Campbell (Vaughn).  Unbeknownst to her, Vaughn is the horse-handler and lookout guy for a group of bankrobbers busy taking out the bank right behind her.  Something goes wrong with the holdup and they all take off; this scene is nicely put together as we feel that Laurie might be in danger throughout, but it turns out they get away without hurting anyone.  Soon Marshall Cain (Emile Meyer) takes off after them with a half-dozen impromptu posse members in tow including Cutler.  It's a hard pursuit and the outlaws are just about caught when they take a switchback up a wash and one of them turns back to fire, killing the marshall.  Cutler fires at the gunman and takes him down, and it turns out to be Campbell.  The others escape, and the wounded gunman brought back.  Despite the marshall having been close and witnessing the whole action, the town seems divided almost from the beginning as to whether to believe his story, or Eddie's.  Young Campbell apparently was a troubled kid with a lot of problems growing up, and the nice liberal folks of the town want to give him a break - and they also see Cutler - now the Marshall - as having it in for him as he disapproves of his daughter still being interested in the outlaw.  An oily sort of attorney (Edmon Ryan) comes from out of town to defend the kid, and the state-appointed prosecutor (the wonderfully named Wendell Holmes in the best secondary role of the film) seems to regret his part in the whole thing; it turns out politics are at play, right up to the governorship, and Marshall Cutler will have much to contend with even after the trial is concluded.  I don't know the history of this film, but I don't think it's an exaggeration to suggest that the law-and-order, protect the victims and take care of the bad guys attitude on display here is somewhat in contrast with such films as TWELVE ANGRY MEN and the "anti-McCarthy western SILVER LODE from the previous few years.  I think the film would have been more interesting in many respects if we the audience didn't know quite clearly from the beginning that Vaughn's character is in fact the killer; and if his unfortunate past had been developed at some length beforehand.  As it is, it's hard to feel sympathetic for him at any point and we're always on the side of the Marshall, so the deck is stacked.  Still, this is well-constructed and Juran (best known for several of the best fantasy adventures with Ray Harryhausen special effects during this period) has a fine eye for compositions, particularly in the action sequences.  The acting is all fine, though it's always MacMurray's film, and if there were a bit more subtlety to the storyline and we were a bit more in doubt of his motives, his performance might have been even more impressive.  The "Columbiacolor process results in plenty of clarity but a rather rust-brown cast to much of the film; it's far from one of the best-looking late 50s westerns.  But despite all of it's problems, it's a nice piece of work overall and an interesting addition to the pantheon of politically-oriented westerns from the period.  The DVD offers a reasonably good transfer; subtitles in English and Japanese available; no extras except for full-length trailers of THE PROFESSIONALS and SILVERADO and a highlights trailer for about 20 or so other, mostly Columbia, westerns now on Sony DVD.
 Been waiting for this one to get to DVD. My review will be updated when I get the disc, but for now I'll comment on the movie itself and not the disc quality.  FWIW this was also known as Eyes of Hell, it is a 1961 low-budget Canadian horror film produced in 3-D by Warner Bros.  This is a really great B horror flick. One of those Friday night Shock Theater gems for sure.  The 3-D sequences, four in all, last only a few minutes each. They were designed by montage expert Slavko Vorkapich, and feature an array of distinctively psychedelic visuals, some of which are mildly gruesome. A crude electronic music score enhances the strangeness of the 3-D scenes.  The movie is well done considering it's low budget, the story concerns a young scientist who obtains a mysterious ancient tribal mask. Whenever he puts on the mask he experiences weird dream-like visions which become increasingly disturbing and violent. The visions begin to alter his personality, and eventually drive him insane! Wee, what great Friday night fun! Pretty obvious where the later comic book and Jim Carry movie plot line came from.  UPDATE
 The Mask is a good film from way back when and is also in 3D in some sections when it says 'put the mask on' (meaning put your glasses on'. I thought it was clever, scary and all around a good production.  As far as the 3D goes, it works very well actually there are some moments in there that reflect it's goal and it just adds another element to the film. So all around, as in these movies go , keep an open mind, follow the instructions on viewing 3D, and just try to relax and enjoy yourself.
 Okay, 3-D has come a long way since this movie was made, but this still provides a fun evening with the kids.  And don't feel bad if you start nodding off 'cause the narrator will wake you up when he shouts, "Put the mask on now! Put the mask on now!  The story is a bit goofy, but it's nice and creepy when you get to the 3-D scenes.  Viewers who enjoy films such as "Carnival of Souls and "The Killer Shrews are sure to enjoy this rose of the gutter. 
 A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
 I REALLY LIKE THE LIVE PERFORMANCE.  LUCKY DUBE GAVE ONE OF HIS BEST PERFORMANCE.  I WILL RECOMMEND THE DVD TO ALL REGGAE MUSIC LOVERS!!!
 Do not listen to the bad review because they are wrong. This is just like the cover ad says "It's Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs. I think the graphic violence in this films reaches the level of seven so if you did not like seven because of its graphic nature then skip this film. But if you have the stomach to see it then this is the thriller of the year and you should see it.
 H is one of the strongest thrillers to come out of Korea since Park Chan Wook's VENGEANCE trilogy. While it has taken obvious ques from key American influences such as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, it is not just another cheap imitation. The film follows detectives Kang and Kim as they track down a copycat killer that has been murdering women using the same patterns as a man that they have already imprisoned. With the next murder only days away, they must confide in the sadistic Shin Hyun in order to find out the identity of the new killer before it is too late. Director Jong-hyuk Lee combines a smart script with a clean shooting style to produce a fast-paced and suspenseful crime drama that is built on a pair of excellent performances by Jin-hee Ji and Jung-ah Yum as the two cunning detectives. Their performances are equaled by the calm and calculating Shin Hyun, played by a convincing Seung-woo Cho. Lee takes extra care in establishing his characters and constructing the mystery behind the murders, but none of the clues that are dropped throughout the film give any indication of the killer's true identity. This makes the reveal in the end feel both convenient and contrived. Outside of this unfortunate misstep, H is a top-rate psychological thriller with a winning cast and many bloody murders.  -Carl Manes I Like Horror Movies
 Two young women are found brutally murdered, one in a landfill, the other on a bus.  Both were pregnant, with one infant still wriggling inside his dead mother's stomach.  The homicide department's cops are called in, led by Detective Kim Mi Yun, who has a new partner, Kang Tae Hyun.  Kang's a bit of a hothead, he's always late to the scene of the crime, and he seems a bit cocky at times.  So he's a bit difficult to like.  And he's especially impatient, wanting action now as opposed to waiting.  In contrast, Kim is an icy, unsmiling person, but at the same time, more logical.  When Kang is frustrated that they are getting nowhere, she merely tells them she is going around, looking at the case from a different angle. When he tells her she is mean, she retorts that yes, she is mean, but at least not as emotional as he is.  There is a reason for Kim's harshness.  The killings fit the same pattern as that of Shin Hyun, a psychopath who murdered six women in ten months before turning himself in.  Shin Hyun's crimes was so traumatic to Kim's partner Han Jung-woo, he ended up killing himself.  The agony was double due to the fact that Han and Kim were engaged.  So the question is, is this a copycat killing, or has Shin Hyun hired someone to duplicate his crimes?  A meeting with Shin Hyun's psychologist, Dr. Chu Kyung-Sook is a dead end.  She's more level-headed but aloof, refusing to cooperate due to patient confidentiality.  It's a matter of professional conduct, but she flatly tells Kim and Kang, "My patient is more important to me than a victim I don't know.  And when the pair later tail her, she merely gives them a superior smile, definitely not one to let them get her goat.  The cover's description of "Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs holds true up to a point.  Shin Hyun's quite anti-social, his quiet words laced with a kind of weird babble about the echoing abyss, dirty blood, and the restless sound of spirits, so thus a far cry from the terrifying but intelligent words of Hannibal Lecter.  But the methodology involving his killings is very thematic to what made him the way he is.  A woman who had an abortion was not only killed, she had her left ring finger cut off because according to him, she was unworthy of marriage.  And an abortion doctor was killed in a very horrible way.  "Cruelly killing for the sake of life's nobility, remarks the chief of police.  H is a pretty bloody serial killer drama, with throats slit, people butchered in horrible ways--with one particular scene of a corpse suddenly crashing on top of a police car with a thud.  And there are a few red herrings thrown in for good measure.  But what's thematic is the abortion issue as a whole, the choice of having the baby or not.  As Detective Park says, "Use a condom or have the &lt;expletive> baby!  If Yeom Jeong-a (Kim) is familiar, it's because she appeared in A Tale of Two Sisters as the stepmother, Eun-joo.  She's a far cry from that manic character, as Kim barely cracks a smile in this film.  And the actor playing the police chief, Park Young-Su, also came out in the horror film Whispering Corridors as the teacher, "Mad Dog Oh, as well as another police higher-up in Another Public Enemy.  Not bad as police/serial killer dramas go.
 This is a Korean thriller that some have said has a passing resemblance to `The Silence of the Lambs'. It starts with the bodies of a pregnant woman and her, now removed baby being found in landfill. At the same time another pregnant woman is found garrotted on a public bus. The crimes bear all the hallmarks of a convicted serial killer - Shin Hyun (played by the baby faced and entirely innocent looking Seung woo-Cho). The problem is he is on death row and hasn't been allowed out, probably health and safety got involved! Anyhow the newly appointed Detective Kang (Ji Jun-Hee) is despatched by the thoroughly over serious Detective Mi Yun (the quite beautiful  Yum Jung Ah)to the prison to interview Shin Hyun. He is rather sinister and not falling over himself to help and actually comes across as more scary by being so innocent looking.  They then visit his psychiatrist and she uses patient confidentiality to not help. It soon becomes clear that some of her other patients have a few hidden agendas too. There is also the fact that the cop who investigated the original crimes was emotionally entwined with Detective Mi Yun and he committed suicide as a direct result of the case. The only real advice or help that our Korean Mr Lecter can offer is `be careful not to turn into the monster that I am'.  This is a slick stylish and well made film that has more twists than a sack full of eels and more physiological goings on then is normally healthy. The plot is also well paced in that you don't really get it until it is being revealed to you and that is how it should be or it wouldn't be much of a thriller really would it? It is also fairly action packed the sort where if you look away you will miss something.  This is the only film I have found accredited to writer and director Jong Hyuk-Lee and I think it is superb, I actually wanted to give it five stars but there are a couple of tiny plot holes and some of the acting is a bit overly petulant. If cops behaved like that they would lose their badge, but hey this is a film made for entertainment and a very good one at that. At 101 minutes long it just flew by and I was kept guessing right up to the end. It is a bit gory in places so not one to watch with a TV dinner. But for fans of thrillers and moreover world cinema, this offering from Korea is a little cracker (not unlike the prawn variety - my puns are definitely getting worse).
 It is a good movie, plus a music CD. At times you have to listen closely because of the accent.
 Watch it at christmas time. A very good movie. I didn't listen to the cd yet.
 The year was 1950 and Warner Bros. was looking to recapture their glory days into the foray of very big Westerns the studio produced during the 40s. MONTANA was one of Errol Flynn's last Hollywood films. He would make his last Western for Warner Bros. that same year ROCKY MOUNTAIN, based on a little known Civil War incident and one of my favorite Flynn films. In MONTANA Flynn is a sheepman who invades cattle country in Montana controlled by cattle ranchers Alexis Smith and Douglas Kennedy. Under Ray Enright's direction and under James R. Webb, Borden Chase and Charles O'Neal's scripting it has a feel of the empire building era that was prevalent in numerous Westerns. Flynn is smooth as usual but the film's greatest asset is the colour Cinematography by Karl Freund (Academy Award Winner for THE GOOD EARTH). Composer David Buttolph (THE HORSE SOLDIERS) provided the score.
 Flynn is good as sheepherder in confrontation with cattle ranchers in the old West. Alexis Smith co-stars.
 "Mulberry Street is not so much about rats who turn humans into flesh-eating monsters in New York City. It's much more basic than that
 Holy cow! I'm not one to get all excited by an indie horror movie but this movie would have to be the exception.  The people of NYC are under attack by rats. The government has quarantined Manhattan and all hell's broken loose! Those who've been bitten have mutated into "rat people.  This movie makes you care about the characters which makes it that much harder to see them die. I really liked this flick and highly recommend it.
 My expectations have generally been low for horrorfest films, and most of the titles in this batch have done little to change my mind. However, Mulberry Street is a character driven film that actually indulges emotions deeper than simply fright and the desire for bloodlust. There has been mention of the similarities to 28 Days, but that was far more global. Where Mulberry differentiates itself is in the characters it develops both before any of the horrors occur, as well as during the chaos. We are introduced early to a small group of people with ties to, where else, a Mulberry Street tenement. Their reactions, relationships, challenges, and fears are followed throughout the film while the rest of the city collapses around them. The antagonist of the story, if you will, is a virus derived from rats causing residents to become enraged, flesh-starved beasts. While there are plenty of the graphic scenes that are typical in a movie like this, the focus remains on the plight of our small band of tenants. Because we know them and do care, their collective fates do concern us, and there is an emotional resonance to their suffering. Some are the moments are frightful, many heart-wrenching, but all heartfelt. There is a feeling that this is a drama placed in a horror setting, and it doesn't disappoint.
 This is a story idea that could've gone very wrong. I was pleasantly surprised by how well this film was done.  It was very Indie-looking from the beginning, with gritty film stock and no-name actors, but after worrying for the first few minutes that this could mean "cheesy", I realized that the film felt authentic instead. I was made to feel a part of the community of Mulberry Street, so when things start to go wrong, I felt as anxious as the characters.  I like films that make me forget that I am watching a film. I like it when I get lost in the world I am watching, no matter how fantastical the situation may be. The writers / director kept a story very grounded in "reality", that could've been silly  or unbelievable. They didn't over-explain or show too much of the horror / gore of it all. I think the best horror stories are the ones where the audience feels as though they are secretly peeping into other peoples' worlds. We get to sit in our comfy chairs and watch their safe little lives fall apart in a horrific and disturbing way. This film pushes it just far enough without breaking that line where "suspension of disbelief becomes "that would NEVER happen".  If you like all things horror, old school style, I think you will like this film. It is clearly made by people who love the genre and care a great deal for the underground art of move-making. I hope to see more from these writers and director. They have a new fan.
 Both last year when I got to see the original After Dark Horrorfest in the theater and this year when I had to wait until they came out on DVD, I managed to watch almost all of this films without knowing anything about what they were.  The streak ended with "Mulberry St, because in addition to having a suggestive tag-line for the film ("There's something below us worse than Hell"), the cover of this DVD has a quote from Bloodydisgusting.com that this is "A 'Zombie' film that breaks the mold.  Last year when there were a couple dozen of us who were seeing the 8 films 2 die 4 in the afternoon one of the guys sitting in front of me (we pretty much sat in the same places each day) missed the beginning of "<a href="http
 Mulberry St. actually turns out to be a pretty decent film. I went into watching it with an open mind because some of the After Dark films turn out to be crap but with this one, you actually start hoping the characters will make it through, even though you are pretty sure that they won't.  The characters are all living in a run downed apartment building in N.Y. and there was no surprise to me that it did have rats anyway. An epidemic breaks out because rats start biting people around the city and all hell breaks loose. Certain people in the building get bit and then it's an allout race as to who can defend themselves and who can't. Check it out and watch the WHOLE film. Not once did I feel like I had to shut it off because it is THAT good and keeps you wondering throughout the whole film.  I give it a 4 out of 5 stars. Great characters, good plot(even though we know this won't happen-Rat People), great suspense building and ok camera work(could've done a little better but not all that bad). Also, it had some good gore scenes(rat people eating other people) and some ok makeup work.  One of the good films in the series.  DD
 Well this was a nice surprise in the 2nd group of After Dark movies!  I really enjoyed this flick unlike some of the other uneven offerings we usually get with this series.  This movie builds characterization, suspense, a sincere feeling of dread and is truly a "horror film!  Hallelujah!  I think the best way to see this movie is on a big screen at home, watching this in the theater I would probably have been motion sick because I don't think the camera ever stops moving but that's not a bad thing.  The story revolves around an epidemic that is breaking out around New York of random violent acts.  What is causing this?  Rats are biting people turning them into rat zombies.  Sure it may sound stupid but it is a really unique horror film and the pace is set very quickly early on.  The story is basically a rundown apartment complex is being overtaken by rats that turn people into zombies.  While this doesn't sound like much, it's the way the characters interact with each other that gets the most attention.  There are some eerie scenes and enough blood to please the gore fans but it's not just a blood and guts movie.  It really analyzes the relationships of the tenants and how they handle/help each other during the crisis.  It's really a story of how during adverse conditions people really pull together to help each other.  This movie is definitely worth your time and you will also probably find it an enjoyable way to spend 84 minutes.  The extras on the disc are minimal, I believe there were only 2 deleted scenes and just a few outtakes but while low on the special features this film really delivers a punch.
 I've been slowly getting through the second lineup of the After Dark Horror Fest library, and not finding anything particularly good either.  That was until I came across Mulberry Street, which judging by its synopsis sounded like a pure cheese-fest.  I was ever so glad to learn just how wrong I was.  In New York City, something is very, very wrong with the rat population.  The people that they bite are turning into mutant beasts with a taste for human flesh, and it isn't long before the denziens of a run down apartment building are fending them off to survive as the city soon comes under martial law.  What's the most surprising about Mulberry Street is how director Jim Mickle actually manages to get you to care about the characters, and make these otherwise cheesy horror events come off as actually scary and suspenseful.  Other than its conclusion and its tired 28 Days/Weeks Later filming technique, Mulberry Street still ends up being a solid horror flick that delivers the goods.  All in all, if you only end up seeing one of the After Dark Horror Fest flicks, make sure that it's Mulberry Street.
 I'll be brief this time. No long winded verbal exhaultations.... I loved this flick. The characters were quite familiar, as i grew up in NYC..they were very real and convincing. The film, though dark at times (even in the dark shots you could see clearly what was happening), rolled along beautifully. I felt during many moments..that i was there with the actors.  The premise wasn't anything new, but it was done in an original way. There was some blood and guts...but it wasn't important either way, I was drawn in to the film as the tension built, and it showed how vulnerable we are when we live in the city...especially in a cramped tenement.  It was good to see a horror film that was obviously done by fans who have love for this genre of film, especially in this present day mega-bucked hollywood film making that is plain garbage.  Mulberry street was a throwback joint (a back in the days flick),combined with a modern style of film making. I have a lot of love for this Indie flick which by no means was sophmoric, corny, cheesy or any other adjective you wish to hate with... Good make up effects...great acting...tension, adrenaline..and I guess im getting soft, because it had an emotional ending..  Long live Mulberry street..long live the Independents  Hollywood can kiss my A**  PEACE
 I didn't think that I would like this movie,I thought that it would be just a dumb B movie! But I was pleasently surprised by this movie! This movie really made me care about the characters and made me wonder who would still be alive at the end. It was also nice to see some Latino characters in a good movie, since Hollywood seems to have forgotten about us. But I digress, Mulberry Street is worth watching even though the premise of people turning into Rat/Human hybrids seems silly at first but then again people accept Werewolves and Vampires and other assorted creatures just fine. This movie is worth a watch, I don't think that you'll regret it!
 Growing up as a Long Islander who was born in New York City, I had a love/hate relationship with the city. On the one hand we viewed it as the centerpiece of the world - everything new, trendy, and interesting appeared there first and made its way to the surrounding tri-state area.  On the other hand, it was dangerous, dingy, and frequently disgusting.  My grandfather lived in a "railroad apartment with walls that had never been repainted and floors that were never cleaned.  And that's the setting for Mulberry Street.  Anyone who has been in one of these apartments knows them on sight, and Mulberry Street is so authentic that you can practically smell the musty rooms. The camera's claustrophobic view of the interior apartments hides nothing - this isn't a movie filmed in Canada pretending to be in New York.  It's the unglamorous, gritty side of the city that is everyday life for so many New Yawkers.  Unfortunately, Mulberry Street has several strikes against it.  Let's start with the title
 It may not be very polished, but Mulberry Street (2006) is an extremely effective little horror thriller, with true to life characters, and gritty mostly believable situations.  Shot with a limited budget, the production has a very intimate and cozy atmosphere, that adds to the believability.  Image quality suffers at times, and some of the shaky imagery is irritating, but the story is very effectively told, and barely gives you any reason to question the presentation.  The story takes place in New York City, where something that turns people into flesh craving fiends, is being spread by rats.  The events unfold over the course of one day, and are centered on the activities of some of the residents of a condemned apartment building on Mulberry Street.  Nick Damici, who co-wrote the screenplay, plays Clutch, one of the residents.  He jogs in the neighborhood, works out on the roof of the building, and is expecting the arrival of his daughter Casey (Kim Blair) an ex-soldier injured while in the service.  Bitten by a rat while doing repairs, Ross (Tim House) the building handyman, is one of the first of many victims.  Clutch's neighbor Kay (Bo Corre) follows the progress of the widespread outbreak, while tuned in to the TV news at the bar where she works.  The disease spreads fast, and the epidemic is soon out of control, with public transportation suspended, areas of the city quarantined, and people being attacked in the street.  The initial response from the government is slow, leaving the victims to fend for themselves.  Clutch secures things at home, getting friends to lock themselves in their apartments, before heading out to check on Kay.  He manages to get Kay out of the bar, and while headed home, runs into his daughter who is driving a stolen truck.  Once Clutch gets back home, things focus on the attempts of the residents to keep the infected hordes at bay.  The diseased are dubbed "rat bastards", as over time the malady causes some to resemble rats.  They are relentless, and can move quite fast.  Zombie tales seldom turn out well.  Miraculous solutions are quite rare, so the focus is usually more on the struggle to survive.  Mulberry Street may not feature actual zombies, but it follows a familiar pattern.  It's easy to buy most of what happens, as a core group bands together to survive.  The cast is very believable as working class folks, with authentic dialog that is only occasionally exaggerated.  The story unravels a little near the end, as the action ramps up to a frenzy, for a climactic finish.  There are some overdramatic elements, such as when old friends return to visit, but they are not stretched out gratuitously.  Despite budgetary constraints, director Jim Mickle tells a gripping and frightening tale very well.  The special effects are limited, you don't even see a gun, but what is presented is quite effective.  The dark atmosphere and tight framing helps to draw you into the situation.  The writing is solid, and the cast does a great job with the material.  And there's no place with the mystique of New York City.  If you accept it for what it is, you may be pleasantly be surprised at how effective a thriller Mulberry Street is.
 This movie took me by surprise.  Yes, the concept of people turning into giant, violent human/rat hybrids does seem silly on the surface, but luckily they don't spend too much time on the 'monsters' themselves.  No, the real star of the movie is Mulberry Street, and the apartment complex the characters in the movie reside in.  This isn't the santized Manhattan you have been seeing for years in movies by Disney, Woody Allen, or Nora Ephron; this is the gritty, cramped, and claustrophobic urban chaos you saw in movies like "Dog Day Afternoon", "The French Connection", and "The Warriors", and I couldn't be happier to see it (just don't ask me to live there).   Basically, the plot of the movie concerns a zombie outbreak without the zombies.  The filmmakers do create a great sense of tension throughout the film, although they can get kind of frantic at times with the jump-cuts.  The nominal hero of the movie, an ex-boxer named Clutch, waits for his daughter Casey to come home from a stint oversees in the military, while he also waits, along with the others in his apartment complex, to be evicted from their homes when the building is demolished to make way for a new developement project.  We meet several charactes who live in the apartment complex, and they are all appealing, so you feel and care for their safety when the outbreak does occur, which you can see coming from the numerous television and radio broadcasts placed throughout the film.   The movie is not perfect, though, because while I liked the idea of rats becoming infected and attacking people, I found it curious that while most of the victims became zombie-like flesh eaters, a few turned into those human/rat hybrids, with silly rat-like noses placed awkwardly on their faces.  A minor quibble, I guess, and luckily those hybrids don't take up too much screen time.  But otherwise I highly recommend the movie, if only for the setting itself.
 Zombie flicks have flooded the market over the past several years and nearly each one released seems exactly the same as the last with the exception of a few.  Mulberry Street wouldn't be any different if it wasn't for a slight "twist".  Instead of having a zombie apocalypse, the creators decided to make the undead flesh eating rat zombies.  Sound lame?  Well surprisingly enough it isn't.  The story is pretty basic, rat attacks have been escalating in the city followed by a fatal sickness with each victim bitten.  The source of the virus is never explained, aside from it being carried by rats.  This is nothing new for zombie flicks, they usually never explain the origin of the virus.  The film does a nice job of developing the characters it introduces and luckily since the acting is above par compared to many of the other After Dark films, you actually somewhat care about the characters fate.  The gore isn't anything to write home about, it's what you'd expect from a movie like this.  The majority of it are shots of the rat people feeding on dead corpses.  The movies saving grace is that it's pretty intense with some genuinely creepy scares and how oddly disturbing some of the creatures look.  I found their look to be more frightening than any zombie I've seen in a film (with the exception of the final scene of Rec).  Overall I'd have to recommend this movie to horror fans.  In's one of the better After Dark Horror Fest films and would stand pretty good on it's own right.
 How the movie was shot, it made the plot work, didnt really know what to think with people being infected by rats, but it works.  There was one scene where a guy punches a ...........rat zombie?  in the head and caves its skull, it really didnt fit in the movie, I didnt like that.  It was obvious that they did their casting in New York, which made the acting in the movie more authentic. Its a Good Pick!!
 The tenants of a condemned apartment complex are left to fight for their lives when plague-bearing rats begin infecting the neighbors, turning them into mutant zombie were-rats that quickly consume the entire island of Manhattan! MULBERRY STREET is easily one of the best independent Horror entries acquired by the After Dark Horrorfest series. It manages to create a huge look and feel on a tiny scale. What makes the film so effective is its emphasis on character, establishing flawed, raw, but genuine personas that carry the plot through its slow build. Jim Mickle also utilizes the crude look of the digital photography along with putrid color filters and dilapidated sets to give the impression of a devastating citywide epidemic much to the same extent that Danny Boyle had done in 28 DAYS LATER. The film also cleverly injects a biting injunction against urban renewal when it comes at the cost of ruining people's lives and destroying their homes. MULBERRY STREET is not a perfect film, but it does show a great deal of promise and is far above average compared to most other low budget Horror entries.  -Carl Manes I Like Horror Movies
 The story here is a little flimsy, and at times the "rat/people/zombies looked kinda silly, but overall I very much enjoyed this one. The cast was very "average joe", like you could run into any of these people on the street.  This lent a realism to the film that so many other movies lack.  I also enjoyed the cinematography quite a bit.  Instead of making everything too dark as so many horror films do, instead we get our heroes fleeing to a rooftop in a washed out shade of blue, while the government haz mat team is filmed in bright yellow and orange ascending the stairs. Doesn't sound like much but little touches like that made the film visually interesting to watch.  Another example is a very brief shot of what looks like two yellow lights on the street, then one turns to red and the viewer realizes the second yellow light is actually the moon.  Nice touch.
 Well, after my appalling experience with Camp Death earlier today, I can't believe I actually found a really good horror movie!  I was very pleasantly surprised by this one, and I have Mr. Enriquez' review to thank for it! So, thanks!  Anyway, I really enjoyed this one, and actually wish I'd bought instead of renting it. The actors are believable, the plot was fairly original, and the camera work was steady. I'd recommend this one for any horror fan who finds even reasonably good new movies hard to come by.
 PRIDE does not open any new doors in the genre of film biopics of teachers who raise the status of downtrodden students to the point of genuine appreciation of self worth.  The story has been told countless times with different characters, both male and female, different races (African American, Hispanic, Caucasian, etc), and different areas of the United States.  But despite the recurring similarity of heart-on-the-sleeve stories such as this, PRIDE stands solidly on its own merits, in part due to the well developed and written screenplay by Kevin Michael Smith, Michael Gozzard, J. Mills Goodloe, and Norman Vance Jr. based on the life and contributions to society of Jim Ellis, in part due to the sensitive direction of Sunu Gonera, and in part due to the fine cast.  The idea behind the story may not be new, but PRIDE is a fine example of the genre.  Opening in the 1960s we meet Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) as a superior swimmer unable to use his gifts because of his race.  Jump 10 years forward and Ellis has finished college as a math major and seeks to teach in Philadelphia, only to face racism again. Desperate for work he accepts a 'closing down' job at a condemned Philadelphia Recreation Center tended by downtrodden Elston (Bernie Mac) who resents Ellis' intrusion into his domain.  Ellis restores the center's swimming pool and gradually initiates a swim team for troubled teens, young boys and a girl who are new to swimming and even newer to the thought that they can become someone important and rise out of their slum surroundings and influence of drug lords.  With time Ellis teaches the team not only how to swim like champions, but also how to gain faith in themselves through PDR (Pride, Determination, Resilience), eventually winning a championship as a team of African Americans in a city still plagued by racism.  The cast is excellent
 I know what you are going to say
 "Pride is a good watch and is it safe to say the good outweighs the bad? For me it was, but it depends on what you are looking for in a film. "Pride is inspired by the true story of Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) who starts a swim team at the Philadelphia Department of Recreation. It's 1974 and though it was a great time for music, race relations where still a scab on our country as a whole. Mr. Ellis took it upon himself to help a group of underprivileged, urban, youth, and actually a community, take pride in themselves.  That is one of the main things that work. The story. We are not talking about a high school that had a losing record but got together to win the next year. This was a group of young men who had never even been in a pool much less thought about swimming in competition. But they had a coach who believed in them and when the other side of the tracks, the city council and even their families where telling them "no", they said "yes through their actions and determination. And by using lesser known actors it brings in the realness of the story. It is like you are looking back into the '70's on their faces. Relieving a real moment in time. The music helps a lot. The soundtrack works well with the look and style to again bring home the '70's era. The O'Jays, The Isley Brothers, The Brothers Johnson, James Brown, Aretha Franklin; music that is prominent through the film and makes it classic.  What doesn't work so well for me is surprisely Terrence Howard as Coach Ellis. Howard is a fine actor but not believable in the role of coach so much. He lacks the Denzel Washington strength that most coaches exude. It doesn't have to be loud and forceful but it is there, right below the surface and Howard does not have it. Thankfully Bernie Mac is there to salvage the casting dilemma. Mac is brilliant and is an element that keeps this film from being a total acting fiasco. The other non working part of "Pride is the predictability and need to have every stereotypical character imaginable. The tough kid on the edge, the weak kid wanting to be accepted, the ladies man who just wants the hook up, and the evil city council woman bent on bringing it all down. The story alone works and the writers should have gone with that strength.  "Pride is Rated PG for thematic material, language including some racial epithets, and violence. It is safe for the family and a good way to talk to your kids about racial issues. Maybe that will keep them from making the same mistakes our parents and grandparents made. Mistakes that still amaze me to watch. The sheer idiocy of a race and culture in a modern society is baffling to the mind. I give Pride 4 out of 5 breast strokes. Though this film will not be a record breaker at times you will laugh and cry and cheer with a look at Pride.
 PRIDE realistically captures some of what it takes to build a swim team in a tough neighborhood.  It also shows realistically the interaction between older teens and racial tensions of the times (1970s). I wanted to show this film to our swim team but changed my mind because I felt the language and themes were not really PG rating material and not appropriate for children under 10-11-12 depending on their maturity.
 I enjoyed this movie and the children loved it. It was a good positive message in the movie for teenagers.
 I was looking for a sports movie and this is one of the few I haven't seen. I also swim and appreciated the authenticity and, if you have followed the sport you know that African Americans are rare even today. Set against the period it is a pretty amazing story that you could get this bunch of kids to give up other sports and in fact excel.  You will love the soundtrack and the groovy clothes and Afros of the era. Bernie Mack and Terrance Howard have some great moments. Tom Arnold sort of phones it in even for the evil guy.  There's a pretty small pool (ha ha) of swimming movies, so this one floats to the top with bonus points for being a true story. There aren't a lot of surprises; you watch these movies to be inspired.
 The civil rights movement remains an important time in American history. Blatant racism during slavery gave way to the equally humiliating Jim Crow period. Terrance Howard, Bernie Mac and Evan Ross carry this film.
 I didn't know what to expect with this movie and was very pleasantly surprised by it.  Every bit as inspirational as Rocky and just as much fun to watch.  What made it even better is the fact that IT WAS ALL TRUE!!  It really happened!!  If you want a fun, inspirational movie for the whole family to watch, you can't go wrong with Pride!
 "Pride recycles some familiar stereotypes and film clich&eacute;s to present a dramatization of some of the accomplishments of swimming coach Jim Ellis.  If a film fits easily into a formula, it should be well done or at least have something new or important to say.  I'll go ahead and admit that I'm a bit of a sucker for the underdog-makes-good sports movie, from "Rocky to "Glory Road", so in fairness I'll go ahead and admit I'm willing to accept a few cosmetic blemishes in this genre.  Terence Howard gives another excellent performance in the lead.  A competitive swimmer in North Carolina in the sixties, Jim Ellis met the inexcusable but expected prejudices.  In the opening we see Jim at a meet where competing teams refuse to swim in the same pool as a black man.  Cut to fifteen years later we see that Jim has obtained a math degree and hopes to coach swimming.  He applies to prestigious Main Line Academy where Tom Arnold's character tells him in essence that "his type couldn't coach at the school.  Jim goes to the unemployment office where he's given a temporary position wrapping things up at a Philadelphia Department of Recreation center slated for closing.  The Center is dilapidated and you can see why the city would no longer want to fund it.  Bernie Mac is good as Elston, the Rec center maintenance man who is just waiting for the ax to fall, then is mad to find out from Ellis - the new guy.  Kimberly Elise is good as Sue, the girl-from-the-neighborhood-who-made-good and understands Elston's hurt at the closing of the center.  Today a city council-woman, we're told in a scene that she "made it as a result of the Rec Center. But even Elston admits that no one has actually used the center in months, other than the boys who play pickup games of basketball on the courts outside.  The next part of the movie gives us the set-up
 This movie was good, moving, with a story and a moral.  I liked it.  Its the kind of movie you can watch with your kids.
 Pride starring Terrence Howard is based on a true story. Howard plays Jim Ellis who coaches some stubborn but talented teenagers how to swim like pros. This little film has a lot of heart, Howard always gives a flawless performance. Bernie Mac and Kimberly Elise also star. The music in the movie is great as well, set against the backdrop of the turblent 1970's. I highly recommend purchasing this under-rated gem, enjoy!
 Even though swimming isnt really something that can be prideful its the point of this story that you can be more then what people expect you to be an just because other people want to act stupid doesnt mean you have to inspiring in many way not just swimming
 Good movie about the first black swim team. Throws in some cliched elements like the nasty hoodlum which was not needed. Overall a very satisfying movie.  Frank Scoblete's new book "Casino Craps
 This Abbott and Costello Double Feature from the Roan Group offers high-quality copies of AFRICA SCREAMS and JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, two ubiquitous "public domain titles that can be found almost anywhere DVDs are sold. While it's superior to most copies in circulation, the Roan edition of AFRICA SCREAMS is not as crisp as some others. For example, the $1 disc from Digiview has noticeably sharper picture quality, particularly in an early sequence when Bud and Lou are outside Hillary Brooke's mansion at night. Curiously, both editions seem to have used the same source material for their DVD transfers, although the Digiview version cunningly edits out the copyright notice in the opening credits. (See my review for the Digiview release.)  That leaves JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, and if you've been searching for the best DVD copy currently available, this is it. (It seems to have been taken from the Image Entertainment laserdisc, which also featured some extras not included here.) The print used for this transfer was in excellent shape, and is a faithful representation of how the film was originally released in 1952
 Abbot and Costello were a comedy team for a long times until the fought more then they acted. As a result of the on-screen chemistry - many memorable moments in film history were created. (Who could forget Abbot and Costello Meet Frankenstein? A classic.) This very cheep DVD features two of their funniest films and great for kids too. Africa Screams and Jack And The Beanstalk. Africa Screams is hysterical. It puts all the stereotypical impressions of the African Culture and mixes them with Abbot and Costello. What could be funnier? Jack And The Beanstalk was cleverly written and involves music, magic harps and a lot of character performances all mixed in with the humor that is only Costello's brand. He plays Jack and boy do you realize what a mess the fantasy world would be in if he was actually there! The quality of the transfer is not the best I have seen, but the movies speak for themselves. And, it's a great price!
 Africa Screams and Jack & The Beanstalk are both what I would consider average Abbott and Costello films, not quite as good as their earlier films or the first meet the monsters series, but they are still entertaining Africa Screams has the comedy duo in Africa due to a misunderstanding looking for diamonds - this one has Clyde Beatty, Frank Buck and a giant orangutan (a nod to the 1949 Mighty Joe Young) Jack and the Beanstalk is the Abbott and Costello version of this well known fairy tale, and its in color ! Entertaining to a certain great These 2 films has been released by numerous DVD companies, but the one to get is the release from the Roan Group. The transfers are incredibly clear ( taken from a laserdisc I believe) So if you like Abbott and Costello like I do, and collect all of their films, the good and the bad, I would recommend getting this particular DVD of it.
 I agree with the previous reviewer 100% regarding the Roan edition.  It would have to be my choice because Jack and the Beanstalk includes the trailer.
 Jack &amp; The Beanstalk...an amusing film for an adult but really good for young children.  Basically it's the story of an old woman who lived in a shoe, little boe peep and jack and the beanstalk.  All of the kids fairy tales in this amusing movie.  Africa Screams here would be the better picture for adults however.  Africa Screams which features 2 of the Stooges third stooge(Joe Besser and Shemp Howard)Shemp's character is rather unamusing and Joe Besser's character is ok.  But the stars that shine here as always are Bud Abbott &amp; Lou Costello. Very funny picture and this 2 dvd combo is definitly a worthwhile purchase.
 The Charlie Brown holiday specials have been an institution since the 1960s, with the Thanksgiving episode produced in 1973.  Although arguably not as good as some of the other holiday episodes, such as Christmas and Halloween, the Thanksgiving special is still a great deal of fun.  The basic premise is silly but clever - Peppermint Patty invites herself to Charlie Brown's house (or Chuck as she calls him) for Thanksgiving dinner.  Being a pushover, Charlie cannot bring himself to tell her that he's going to his grandmother's house for Thanksgiving; thus, the basic premise of having no adult supervision is explained rather adroitly.  Charlie enlists the help of Snoopy and Linus to make a rather untraditional dinner.  Along the way, everyone learns a little about the origins of Thanksgiving, the true meaning of being thankful, and to be more sensitive of each other's feelings.  And it all comes with toast, jellybeans, and a bouncy song about Woodstock ("Little Bird").  Who could ask for more?
 Yes, you read correctly
 This is one of the better Peanuts videos. A solid story, excellent score, not seeming too rushed or too drawn out. Adults can enjoy this one with the kids.
 What I like about the Charlie Brown cartoons is that they're totally child-centered.  Adults are so insignificant that they're not seen at all and when they're heard, they make this weird "Ma hwa ma hwa hwa sound.  In this episode, Charlie Brown, with the help of snoopy and his bird pal, help make Thanksgiving dinner for his friends (all because pushy Peppermint Patty bulldozed her way into an invite). It's funny, when I was a kid, I assumed Peppermint Patty was a boy because Marcie called her "sir and because she dressed like a boy and had a gruff voice.  It wasn't until this movie where she's blatantly flirting with Charlie Brown that I realized she's actually a girl. Anyway, my favorite parts of this movie are when Snoopy is making the "meal for the group.  It's totally a meal that a kid would conjure up and I also liked how he serves the plates like a dealer serving cards.  I really liked Marcie in this movie because she's the only one who stands up to Peppermint Patty.  Charlie Brown is too timid and even Linus backs down, too. And Snoopy is funny as always.  He's kind of bi-polar in that he can be smiling one moment, then frowning, growling, acting proper, then laughing again.  What a crack up!  This cartoon still makes me laugh out loud today.  This movie comes with a bonus movie called "Mayflower Voyage that is educational, but also very boring.  Charlie Brown and his friends don't have much dialogue with each other and instead, you just hear a voice-over running off facts.  The character voices are also different, too. So, 5 stars for "Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving and one star taken off for the dud "Mayflower Voyage".
 Thanksgiving is not really something that is acknowledged and certainly not something that is celebrated in Scotland, but I watch this TV special every year in the run up to Xmas just to get me in the mood. The cartoon begins with the usual gag where Lucy yanks the football away from Chuck. I guess he'll never learn to distrust women, eh.  But his main grief in this one is the fact that all of his friends invite themselves over to his place for Thanksgiving despite the fact he's going to his grandmother's for the celebration. Snoopy and Woodstock work together (and against each other) to prepare a slapdash dinner including toast, jelly beans and popcorn. Needless to say the rest of the Peanuts gang are far from impressed with the menu, though that doesn't stop Peppermint Patty putting the moves on Chuck.  All this talk of food has made me hungry.  An episode from "This is America, Charlie Brown is also featured in which the Peanuts gang recreate the famous Mayflower Voyage and trials and perils of the passengers and crew as they make their way to the new world. Having never studied this in school I never knew what Thanksgiving was about other than eating a turkey. This episode details all the main parts of the story and is quite a history lesson.  It's a natural companion piece to A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving as is obvious by it's inclusion on the DVD. But for all of you non-American people who don't fully understand the holiday perhaps you should watch this first.  I don't get why the starving passengers didn't just eat Woodstock though.  A self-congratulatory 12-minute documentary is also included.
 This review is dedicated to Brooke Shields. (In her book, she said Thanksgiving is one of her favorite holidays.)  We may have to watch this a few times before we really understand how great it is. It's basically this. Charlie Brown and Sally are planning to go to their grandmother's house for Thanksgiving. Then Peppermint Patty, calls Charlie and says she is coming along with Marcy and Franklin to Charlie Brown's for Thanksgiving. Poor Charlie can't seem to get a word in edgewise to explain that he won't even be home. So, Linus (being on the smarter side) says to just make a quick supper for Patty, Marcy, and Franklin. (This turns out to be toast, popcorn, pretzels, and jelly beans.) Peppermint Patty gets angry when she sees the supper, but then feels bad and apologizes. (With some help from her back up conscience Marcy.) The whole gang is then invited to Charlie Brown's grandmother's for supper.  While this may seem to be a simple story, it is actually quite profound. Over time, a holiday (be it Thanksgiving, Christmas, or Easter) can develop a string of customs. And in following the established customs, we forget the TRUE ESSENCE of the holiday and what it is really about. Thanksgiving is about being thankful for things we have. And as Marcy puts it
 It's Charlie Brown and Snoopy! Who doesn't love a classic, holiday, fun video.  A great video to bring back memories and create new ones with your children.
 Remember Marcie? The bespectacled girl who's so in awe of the tomboyish Patty that she calls her Sir? Patty, who's long worshipped her "Chuck from afar blows it bigtime when she invites herself, Marcie and Franklin to a Thanksgiving dinner--and then finds fault with Charlie Brown and Snoopy's culinary talents with toast, pretzels and jellybeans. After her host leaves the table in humiliation, Marcie politely but firmly runs her "mentress through a reality check. Marcie gets 5 stars for gumption and diplomacy here, but the moral of the story is if you're so overbearing that you invite yourself to dinner, don't critique the menu.
 A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving never has gained quite the classic status as the Halloween or Christmas specials but this one is still great fun and how many Thanksgiving specials are there anyway?  Peppermint patty invites herself and several others to Charlie Brown's house for Thanksgiving.  Problem is that Charlie is going to his Grandmas for dinner.  Well, ol' Chuck just can't turn them down so he enlists Snoopys aid to throw togehter a quick feast of junk food causing Peppermint Patty to blow her top.  Grandma saves the day and has Charlie bring all the kids to her house for dinner.  At home, Snoopy and Woodstock hold their own Thanksgiving dinner.  A pretty good Peanuts holiday special.  Charles Schultz, Peanuts creator, is no longer with us but it's good he was around long enough to see that his creation had become a national phenomenon!
 I am so glad that I ordered this movie for my class. They loved it because who doesn't love Charlie Brown and Snoopy!? You can't go wrong with a classic for
 What you can you say about the characers created by Charles M. Schultz, they are classics.  Is this the perfect special no, but it doesn't mean that they aren't part of the perfection of Peanuts world.  Kid friendly with fun for parents who remember whent the world was a simpler place.  Capture a tie to that simpler world with the joy that is Charlie Brown.
 It's the classic Charlie Brown Thanksgiving...no surprises there.  Afterward, however, is a bonus feauture which I really enjoyed.  It's another 30-min (?) movie based on facts related to the Mayflower Voyage and the Pilgrim's first Thanksgiving, all with the Charlie Brown characters in it.  Well done!
 This is a classic, so you'll get pretty much what you'd expect.  Except for one thing...  there is another Thanksgiving episode on the DVD that isn't really appropriate for very young children and isn't even that entertaining for older ones.  It's a very sober account of the first Thanksgiving, complete with suffering and starving Pilgrims and their misconceptions of American Indians. It's an accurate history lesson, yes, but if you're looking for Snoopy and the gang to entertain you, ignore the 'Bonus' track.
 Though not as good as the two previous CB specials, it's still waayyy better than anything after it. "Little Birdy is cool and sounds like it should have been a Lou Rawls number. But, where is Lucy? And Marcie is so cute! When I saw this on TV this year, didn't the Snoopy, Woodstock, pumpkin pie epilogue used to be with a turkey instead of the pie? Changed to unindict Woodstock from being cannabalist? Hmmmm.
 A classic that we watch every Thanksgiving.  Five stars belongs to "A Charlie Brown Christmas and this does not come near the quality, so only four stars.
 Transfers of ECHO BRIDGE (aka "Platinum Disc") public domain movies is about average. No sign of restoration on their 60 and 70 year old films, with none dubbed from pristine studio prints. Minor downside
 Flying Deuces is perhaps the best Laurel &amp; hardy film ever.  I loved it, however it is offset by possibly the worst Laurel &amp; Hardy film ever in  Utopia , Stan Laurel looked very thin and unhealthy and old and Hardy was the biggest he had ever been in the films...although there were humorous parts to it overall it was a pretty big stinker...but  Flying Deuces  is worth the purchase by itself.
 I bought this movie for my mom who loves Laural and Hardy.  She just loved it.  I recommended it to anyone who loves a good wholesome funny movie.
 As a practitioner of Sun Pakua, I am always happy to see any material on this rare art. Most Pakua is wushu oriented  with lots of flair and little substance.This style however came about back when Pakua was still a  fighting art.This tape gives a good representation of the form and power. I  would like to have seen much more applications. Other than that it was  pretty good.
 This amusing Chinese import appeals at many levels. Dicky (the boy's name in the subtitles, at least) lives with his widowed father. The father struggles to make ends meet, while sending Dicky to the best school that he can afford, determined that Dicky will have all the chances in life that the father never had. Dicky struggles too. Poverty makes him odd kid out at school, and small size makes him an easy target for the school bullies. Almost everything more than essentials in Dicky's life comes from his father's knack for salvage - including an odd little toy ...  It would be easy to say too much about this charming movie's plot, especially if you've seen <a href="http
 Title
 It might sound unlikely, but "CJ7 is a family picture, directed by Stephen Chow who is probably best known for his two recent comedies "Shaolin Soccer and "Kung Fu Hustle. Chinese-made "CJ7 is also a comedy, and a very well-made one, but if you expect the same kind of comedy Stephen Chow had done before, you might be disappointed.  First, though Stephen Chow plays an important role, his role is a supporting one in "CJ7. "CJ7 follows the story of a boy named Dicky (Xu Jiao), son of Ti (Stephen Chow), a laborer working at a construction site. The work is hard and Ti is not rich (actually, very poor), but the father spends every money he earns to send Dicky to a prestigious elementary school. But Dicky is not very happy as he is picked on by other rich kids at school.  One night Ti finds a strange green thing in the junkyard. He brings it home and gives it to his son as a present without knowing a UFO (yes, a big flying saucer) had left the thing behind. But it is a great present for the boy because Dicky finds a new friend in a new "toy - CJ7 - a tiny puppy-like creature (?) which, it seems, has special powers - or maybe not.  It is hard to explain the charms of Stephen Chow's latest film. In "CJ7 a familiar theme of love and friendship (like "E.T. of course) is developed to make a heart-felt comedy through a convincing portrait of a father-and-son / son-and-creature relationship, but the plot also contains slapsticks, spoofs (from "MI2 to Japanese popular manga "Doraemon"), comic fight scenes created by special effects and one toilet joke.  You may take the film as satire targeting modern fast-changing society of China, and believe me or not, "CJ7 is also a serious drama (or melodrama) with tearjerking moments. The film will be criticized for its storytelling, which some may call whimsical or even slack, but others may think Chow as director is only making his film subversive, avoiding the pitfalls of comedies and family pictures, especially predictability.  [THIS PARAGRAPH HAS MILD SPOILERS] Speaking of subversive, please watch the faces of the supporting actors/actresses closely and you may notice an interesting thing. Xu Jiao, who plays the boy Dicky, is really a girl (she had to have her long hair cut for the role); Han Yong Wua, Dicky's "love interest is actually a male; and two bullying boys of the school, Johnny and his "bodyguard, are played by Huang Lei and 23-year-old Yao Wen Xue, both females.  "CJ7 is less like other over-the-top comedies Stephen Chow did in "Shaolin Soccer and his films made in the 90s (such as "Forbidden City Cop, a must for any Stephen Chow fans). In his latest film Stephen Chow takes the backseat to flesh out the characters Dicky and "CJ7 in particular and develop their stories. "CJ7 is a nice comedy, funny, and sometimes eccentric and surreal, and it also has a dramatic story driven by the characters you identify with.
 I picked up a copy of this movie from Netflix a couple of months ago for my 3rd grade son thinking it would be something to kill a rainy afternoon with.  Turns out that it is much better than that.  My son loved it so much that I had to get him his own copy.  My wife and I watched it. too, and really enjoyed it.  Besides the story, we enjoyed the look at a different culture from the everyday aspects of going to school and work.  The copy of the movie itself is great and was shipped very quickly.
 First off the negative reviews surrounding this title seem a little unfair.  After reading them, I suspected that this film contained something completely awful.  Such was not the case... though it does deal with themes that are a little mature I wouldn't say that this film is for the entire family and that is it's misconception.  The film is geared more towards adolecents and adults more so than children.  the film is quiky and what you would expect from Chow.  but it's humor is somewhat dark at times.  Either way, should you sit your 8 year old next to you and view the film? I would say it's probably not the best idea.  but it is worth watching for yourself.  CJ7 is quirky and sweet.
 Very well presented tale about a poor laborer and his child who'se lives are changed when they encounter a little alien. This movie could have gone both ways but with a experience director that wanted to make this film we end up with a pretty good little movie...good for kids and adults.
 The story was not quite what we expected.  It started out slow but DID get more interesting and eventually captivating.
 I really liked this film, which can be watched with English subtitles and original Mandarin Chinese or With English language in the audio.  If watching with the audio words in  English, it is actually really good (as many films aren't).  Suitable for children and adults, it portrays a boy who is always bullied and how an "alien dog helps him overcome the bullies--is the dog real?/imaginary?--We never really find out which adds to the magic of the film..
 Youngsters will get a real kick out of "CJ7, a delightful sci-fi comedy from China that should satisfy any child's requirements for a wish-fulfillment fantasy.  Dicky is a grade school boy who lives in an abandoned, dilapidated and roach-infested building with his father, an uneducated laborer who works construction jobs during the day so he can afford to send his boy to a posh private school, and then scavenges the local dumpsites for throw-away items (worn-out shoes, a busted fan) at night.  Due to his low class upbringing and background, as reflected in his unkempt mien and disheveled appearance, Dicky has become a constant target of bullying and ridicule at school - until, that is, he comes into possession of a mysterious "toy, or possibly an alien from outer space, that gives the lad the ability to perform feats of astonishing physical and mental dexterity, to the great amazement and amusement of his fellow students.  Yet, could this little creature (whom Dicky dubs CJ7, after a similar toy made here on earth) wind up causing the boy more trouble than it saves him in the long run?  Although the sci-fi aspects can become a bit cutesy and cheesy at times, the real strength of the film lies in its beautifully observed relationship between a down-on-his-luck father who's doing all he can to instill the values of hard work and honesty into his boy, and a son who'd rather spend his time devising ways to get out of doing his schoolwork so he can spend all his time playing with his new-found friend from outer space.  It's that father/son relationship that keeps the story grounded in reality and that gives plausibility and weight to the more fantastical elements of the tale.  Xu Jiao (who is actually a girl in real life) and Stephen Chow (who also co-wrote and directed the film) are utterly charming, winning and appealing as Dicky and his dad, respectively, and they are matched by a whole host of wonderful supporting players, both of the full-sized and the pint-sized variety.  Like all good stories aimed at kids, "CJ7 is just chock-full of rock-solid values like tolerance, acceptance, discipline and hard work, yet it never feels the need to preach or talk down to its audience.  Instead, the values filter their way through a well-told story - which, of course, is as it should be.  Sentimental in the best sense of that term - with a hint of "The Kid here, a touch of "E.T. there - "CJ7 provides near-perfect entertainment for the young, as well as those still young enough to remember what it was like to be young.
 Cute little subtitled foreign film that the whole family will get a good laugh and a cry from before the bright ending. A coolie construction worker finds an unusual toy ball at the dump and brings it home to placate his son for not getting him a CJ1 robotic dog. It turns out it is much more than a ball and although all his dreams don't come true, he learns a valuable lesson about getting along with others. The cute little alien should enchant children and adults in this often comical look at a Chinese boys life at a prep school. Good quality DVD with a few extras and fair replayability. If you enjoyed this catch <a href="http
 I purchased this with only having seen the trailer.  Having seen Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle I had no hesitation in buying this.  This movie has the same theme running through like his previous movies someone poor just trying to get by. In this case a father just trying to all he can for his son by sending him to a private school while living in an abandoned building, and scraping by. UFO sightings start to appear in his area, but seem like a hoax. While rummaging through a waste dump looking for shoes or anything useful he finds a strange ball, which he presents his son. The ball turns out to be more than what he expected and will change their life.  Do not expect to see as much crazy cgi visuals as in the previous movies, they are there but not nearly as much. This is more of a story about a father and his son, how they love each other, fight over his school work and the father wanting only the best for his son.  It has some great moments and well worth purchasing.
 This is unlike his other movies but viewing it in the proper context makes it still o.k. After all it is highlighting the misery of poverty and prejudice. Parts of it made me cry but over all it made me laugh. Also its something the entire family can view together.
 If I could sum up this movie in one word, it would be "wow". I just finished watching "Bereavement and I will rate this amongst my top horror movies of all time. From a filming aspect, I have to also agree with other reviewers that the cinematography is fantastic. I was impressed with that right from the start of the film. In terms of horror movies, this is a gem to the genre. I didn't see "Malevolence so I didn't know what to expect in this prequel. Will there be any survivors? You'll have to watch to find out. The mark of a good horror film is to make the audience care about the characters so that you feel terror if their safety is threatened. This film succeeds with that. This film isn't just about blood and guts all over the floor so if you're getting this because you want some sadistic torture copycat like the "Saw franchise, you'll be disappointed. Another reviewer wrote that they felt there wasn't enough background story to the serial killer. I disagree with that. The actor portraying the serial killer actually made me feel a little sorry for the character. He was clearly psychotic and out of his mind. He didn't seem to take joy from killing people. It was something he felt he "had to do. We the audience don't learn about this man's own childhood or how he ended up committing these horrible murders. Its a mystery but that adds to the allure of the film. Another complaint someone had is why did this new girl Allison all of a sudden was the only person in town who found the missing boy in the abandoned rundown shack after 5 years? Thats not so far fetched. If you think about your own town, how many times do you drive past an old house or building and never even give it a second look? Allison was brand new and had a fresh pair of eyes as she looked around her new surroundings. Thats why she was able to pay attention to what others ignored over the years. I will say that I agree that it seemed odd that the killer was killing locals and yet no one seemed to notice or maybe the sheriff's office is just that inadequate. That was really the only flaw of the story. Otherwise, this movie is definitely 4 out of 5 stars. Great job to all that created this film!
 A young boy is taken from his home by a madman and is forced to watch and even partake in violent crimes. This movie is for those of you who like your heart pumping and aren't looking for two hours of serenity for your evening. You could say that scenes in this movie are more distrubing than scary, but that is what gives this movie its luster. Not your typical Hollywood ending I might add.
 BEREAVEMENT  {The state of being deprived of something or someone 
 Bereavement is the prequel to Malevolence. I have been waiting a long time for this to come out and wasn't disappointed. It was beautifully shot and the lighting was great.The acting was above par ,Alexandra Daddario is not only beautiful but an amazing actress and Michael Biehn has long been a favorite actor of mine since his debut in the 1981 slasher film "The Fan". It wasn't over the top gory but it was quite bloody and there were a couple of scenes that will leave a gore hound like myself satisfied. If you saw Malevolence you will know exactly whats going on and even if you didn't see it, it won't take long to figure it out.It has a rich look to it not that cheap or low budget feel . There were many scenes that might have gone somewhat unnoticed or the importance overlooked that dealt with loss,loss being a huge part of the story in all area's.The last scene with John Savage was a very powerful scene and an important one as well.It's rare that a film is heart tugging yet filled with such real horror as well.The thing that's so scary about this is there really are people that are as mentally unstable as Graham Sutter but you might never know unless you could look into his mind.Bereavement leads us to no other conclusion except 'nurture over nature' when it comes to raising Children.
 Slasher films are a genre of their own, part horror film, part psychological drama, and all blood. These films are produced fast and heavy. With so many of them, you end up watching a blatant snuff film, or gore fest. Mena's film BEREAVEMENT transcends this pitfall, by providing believable, humanizing elements to the characters. It helps build the horror, when the audience can identify, or sympathize with the film's victums and heros. Interspliced with the shocking slaughter scenes, the film's central plot builds slowly to a finish that, unlike most of these types of films, you DO NOT see coming. (And expect no spoilers here.) Actually, the grand finale is so gruesome and creepy, I felt truly shocked, since the film subtlely works from the first moments, to bring you into sympathy with the kidnapped child, whom I thought would be saved. The psychological motives of the villian were sympathetically spelled out, thru flashbacks, and the disgusting, sad world he inhabited all his life. Most of these films dont, or cant, accomplish that--giving you humanizing connections to ALL the characters, good and evil.  The writer/director/producer/editor/music composer, Stevan Mena, by carrying all the reigns, is able to transmit his singular vision of a boring backwater town out near Pittsburg, where a panel truck, or an abandoned factory, or even the huge ominous looking electrial towers (which symbolically reinforce the nightmarish creepiness of the scarecrows made from steer skulls), become secondary characters in their own right. Even giving the child a disease which doesnt allow the perception of physical pain, a real disease by the way, makes an interesting symbolic motif for the disease of the psychopathic, where feeling emotional pain of others is absent. (And of course leads to the events of the film.) I enjoyed that symbolic level the film was operating upon. Altho its not an art film by any stretch of the imagination, its solid. The characters seem believable within the context of the plot. Even tho there is this realistic, rural setting for the film's heros to operate within, this realism breaks down within the surreal, hellish world of the severly disturbed Muller the Butcher. The film's major plot hole, was how SO MANY MURDERS of young women in a rural community, would not invite a massive legal investigation. Muller's trophy notebook with clippings from a newspaper of the various murders/abductions, makes a weak attempt at addressing the community's awareness of the abductions. Still, this lack of any detectives in the mix, remains an obvious plot flaw. Then again, in any slasher film, if you put to much logic into the equation, the film loses its focus, ie, the bloodsoaked world of the psychopathic murderer. Mena does attempt to show the bizarre, freaky inner world of the slasher, with odd strobe lighting, and a strange color pallete with the lighting inside the slaughterhouse. Inside that tortured and torturing enviorment, the whole nightmare realm of bloody death grows more powerful thruout the film, until its surprisingly brutal ending. Personally, this is more of a 3 and a half star film for me. Usually I see most slasher films as 1 or 2 star films, but this movie has plot, interesting characters portrayed by good actors, and clever symbolic devices to connect the realm of normal humanity with the abnormal realm of the psychopath. Since the film isnt dumbed down into a second hand clone of your average teen horror film, I found it enjoyable for what it was. And you most likely will too, if this is your cup of tea.
 As a prequel it surpasses its predecessor in many ways and builds upon a well-conceived idea from a director who shows much promise in the horror genre. You can see his biggest influences and that is by no means a bad thing! This movie is this generations 'Halloween'!
 You come to care for Allison and her family because so much time is spent showing their lives and the way they relate to each other, so what happens leaves you hoping for a happy ending for them.  Well, I'm not going to go into all that, so I'll tell you other reasons to see this movie.  Yes, the cinemetography is very good, but what is really the compelling thing about this film is the psycholgical gameplay that goes on between the killer and his young, unwilling appretice, Martin, whom he has snatched from his home.  Whoever said we don't know anything about the killer's background is wrong.  He doesn't enjoy the killing, which is obvious by his frenzied ravings to the bull's head that is obviously a stand-in for his father.  We can deduct that his father had conditioned him until he cracked and now he's carrying on in his place.  Since he is a loner, he has snatched the boy after studying him and discovering he cannot physically feel, speak, and maybe not even feel internally.  But he must, because he tries to help a few girls escape and he is fearful of his mentor/tormentor.  The dynamic between the two of them is compelling.  I liked the character Allison, especially when she takes compassion on Martin a few times and tries to help him.  You can't help feeling sorry for him, especially since his mentor is trying to break him down like his own father apparently did.  The process with which things take a turn for the worse is compelling to see, and a must if you like movies that involve that mindset.  True, this movie is disturbing and gory, so I must agree with another reviewer here by asking what sort of parents would let their children be involved in a movie like this?  I wouldn't, but it's not my call.  Other than that, Bereavement is a very well-done movie, and a must-see if you like pictures that also make you feel for the good guys as well as the predators.  Warning, though; much like Eden Lake, it will haunt you for quite a while.
 Bereavement begins in the winter of 1989 in the small town of Minersville, Pennsylvania where a six-year-old boy called Martin is kidnapped by a serial killer named Graham Sutter.  This terrible act has two aspects about it which matter a lot to the overall premise of the movie
 Bereavement is a horror film that seems to be a combination of "Frailty meets "Psycho with a twist of "Texas Chain Saw Massacre". This movie starts out with the dark stranger trolling the neighborhood for children when he abducts young Martin Bristol. We soon find out the stranger is a serial killer that loves to butcher and murder young women because he is being driven or possessed by the ghost of his late father.  The child has an illness that thankful causes him to feel no pain. While the serial killer continues his reign of terror over the years the young boy stands by in terror to witness these horrific crimes. Allison is a young woman who has recently lost both of her parents and she comes to the small town to stay with her uncle and his family. While Allison is exploring the new town she meets a handsome young man named William. Allison is trying to get use to everything and she soon becomes intrigued by the empty slaughter house she jogs by and wonders who is the young boy she keeps seeing in the window.  This movie has a great plot that quickly draws you in but the delivery gets lost along the way somewhere. I think that the ending leaves a lot to be desired so I was happy when I found out this movie was a prequel to Malevolence and I can't wait to watch that to see how it all ties in. Good job Steven Mena, I think with a slightly bigger budget this could become a really successful franchise.
 This is a prequel to writer/director Stevan Mena's earlier slasher film "Malevolence. Here Mena attempts to go behind the urge to kill in order to explain how a maniac's psychology is forged. This maniac follows in the tradition of Michael Myers, Jason, and other serialized killers, in most respects, especially in the sense that he is "pure evil.  I'm not sure the psychological explanation is convincing. We get something of a muddle of motive. However the main point, that by living in an atmosphere of unremitting violence, one will become imbued with it and inured to committing it - might have some validity. Attempts at analysis aside though, this is an effective thriller, largely because of its skillful photography.  Here the killer resides in an eerie, closed abattoir that itself becomes a main character in the movie. The place is replete with suspension hooks, conveyors, and an incinerator once used to process pigs and cattle. The place continues to loom over the agricultural Pennsylvania landscape where the action is set.  The rusty truck that the killer drives out in when he hunts for human prey is another prime character in the movie. It glides over a rise in the road behind the next likely victim, like Jaws cruising the waters.  The film also has an unusual arc. It doesn't necessarily proceed according to slasher film formulas when it comes to who falls prey.  There is a fair amount of blood splatter here, but Mena toned down the gore in favor of more indirect chills in a number of scenes.  The DVD includes a director's commentary, found hidden away in the "Set-Up section of the Menu. (I wonder how many commentaries I've missed by not looking for them under "Set-Up instead of in the more obvious "Extras or "Bonus Features.") There are also some other Special Features worth watching - some behind-the-scenes insights into how the actors worked and played on the set.  Overall, this film portrays a frightening, violent dementia that had me hooked from the start.
 This movie has a lot of elements you'd find in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies on a lower budget.. The picture/sound/music was quite nice and appropriate for this type of movie. The main character, Allisson had a tendency to never wear a bra, thus, this kept you glued to the screen the whole time to see what happens next in the movie.. Acting was good for the most part, particularly in her case. Micheal Biehn fell a little flat in my opinion but played a solidly.  Overall, this is definitely one to watch if your a slasher movie fan, but dont expect much in the way of a storyline nor any special twists.
 There is a refreshing and quite capable hand at work behind the story and camera in Bereavement, the follow up prequel to the surprisingly effective Malevolence.  The period that is evoked of the late 80s is done so without an ounce of music or forced nostalgia just an eye for detail and set direction.  The story that is told is effective and grounded thanks to a lack of unnecessary plot twists and crisp editing and acting.  It had been awhile since I had watched Malevolence but in a way this is more of a remake with better production values than a straight up prequel as the first movie touches on the same story arc in many places.  I am going to assume this was made on a fairly small budget by up and coming Mena and credit goes to his crew and cast for turning in a chilling and engrossing take on a not entirely fresh story.  The soundtrack and cinematography lend this film a mildly surreal air that I would have liked to have stretched further, however if you like an engrossing and harrowing film with believable characters and a little gore then look no further.
 It's hard to mark down a film that pretty much succeeds in what it aims to do. It's even harder when the production values are obviously very high. The film explores the mental illness behind the Adult serial killer ( Sutter), and also how this spawned the even more higher octane young boy ( played by Spencer List) who has a mental disease that does not allow him to feel pain; so, he can't empathize with the victim's pain, therefore he does not know what you feel. Well, we discover why the Killer Sutter does what he does, but why does the young Boy start to kill? Sutter's demons are explained as being ALL in his mind, in essence a psychological explanation in what is basically a modified slasher film that attempt's to explain why the killer kill's and why his "demon's are not real.   The sympathy for the key characters takes almost a full hour to be generated. The exposition on screen as to how someone loses empathy with people is covered at about the 46 minute mark. Overall, I would have been happier if the demon's were depicted as supernatural elements, rather than a product of the Killer's mind. In an attempt to get the audience to sympathize with the Killers POV, it loses what I think is a large part of the entertainment value. Calling this the "new Gold Standard in the Psycho Killer genre is a disappointment. If I go to the cinema, or watch a DVD, I really don't expect a film that at times borders on a documentary. The  twists and turns in the script, are very good, however, I do prefer the surreal. There is too much of the "real in the "reel now-a-days. But, as dramatically well executed as this film is, the kills are not unique, not original, and very toned down for either budget or editorial reasons; since it is a R certificate, I can only wonder why the kills were done the way they were done, especially in this movie, and especially in this genre( the deleted scenes show some significant omissions that only make sense in one case). Also, as much as the gags were done on the practical, they still did some roto-scope or CGI work to remove some elements. Anyone who has seen the extreme characters in Criminal Minds, and to a lesser extent in NCIS, will recognize the character who feels no pain, but to explore this from the Killer's POV without a Surreal and hence entertaining foil ( I expect a film to take me outside of the real, not deeply into it) is just a cheat and a rationalization of the way real life killers are. Hence, this is a higher grade of Slasher with  very good actors, but it skimps on the kills ( which would have been fine with a surreal conceit in the tone).
 Bereavement is a prequel to the painfully average slasher flick Malevolence that improves immeasurably on that predictable and formulaic film and instead follows in the footsteps of the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre while adding in deeper character work and psychological themes to create one of the better modern serial killer films.  Horror fans will not want to miss this one as it is indeed a truly nasty piece of work.  That said, there are plenty of more unrelentingly brutal, gory, and disturbing underground horror flicks out there, but this is one that takes the time to work on a storytelling and character level in addition to making you squirm and question the existence of a loving God.  Bereavement opens up with a nightmare right off the top.  A young boy with a condition that makes him unable to feel pain is abducted by a man driving a vehicle so creepy it should have "rape-mobile painted on the side in blood.  The man is a deranged serial killer working out of his family's abandoned slaughterhouse and seems to take the child's immunity to pain as a sign of divine purity and begins raising him as his successor.  So right away, you can see this won't be a film you'll want to watch on family night.  From there, the narrative splits into sections, expertly following the stories of a young waitress about to have a bad week, the boy and his new surrogate parent, and a city girl moving out to the country to live with her aunt and uncle following the death of her parents.  The stories will converge and you ask yourself once again
 Bereavement is a prequel to 2005's Malevolence, one of the better slasher movies of the last decade. While it isn't as good as Malevolence, Bereavement is a worthwhile movie. It has a good cast, that includes Michael Biehn (Aliens, The Terminator), some decent gore, and an interesting storyline. What it lacks is the fun slasher vibe of Malevolence. Malevolence paid homage to some of the slasher greats, such as Halloween and Friday the 13th Part 2, while Bereavement seems to be riding on the Torture Porn wave. There are numerous scenes of women chained up and screaming, and that really didn't sit well with me. The movie redeems itself later on, though, with some cool slice and dice moments. The body count really improves in the second half. And since this a slasher movie, that means the movie really improves in the second half, leading to a satisfactory conclusion that is creepy, if not surprising.
 I don't know if I like this movie or not? It is done slowly. The story behind it is too depressing because it is way too likely to happen. I could see everything in this story happening in real life.I thought that the plot of the movie was interesting and they really gave you the look inside the mind of a madman. Abducting a child that has no sense of feeling went well with the movie because the killer kept the child around because he could no feel anything and the killer had no feelings. The end of the movie was a little predictable to me but a good ending overall. The blood and gore was pretty good in the film and typical of a slasher/torture flick. If you are into horror movies I would give this a watch because you will more than likely end up enjoying it,but somehow didn't hold your attention much like it should.B
 17 year old Allison comes to live with her uncle in rural Pennsylvania after the deaths of her parents. She finds that her world has been turned upside down in a blink of an eye by some stranger who stole everything from her and now she is forced to give up everything that she has known and come to a new place and become a part of a new family. As she jogs around her new home she meets William, the good-looking but troubled youth who lives down the road, and sees a strange boy in the windows of the old closed down slaughter house. Unknown to her at this time, this story started long before Allison came to Pennsylvania.  The other story and main character within this movie is Graham, a loner in this small town who has some dark secrets.  A huge factor within this movie is the physiological state of Graham's mind and what he sees in the world around him. You can take it many different ways, as in multiple personalities because of the shadows that only he can see and the way his mood changes, or if in fact he really is taking to his dead father or a demon. Graham's story hints around that his own father abused him and taught him everything that he needed to know about slaughtering animals in their family slaughter house. Graham takes his knowledge and his own need on young women who he finds and then murders in his old family business. When the work is too much for him, or maybe he really just wanted someone to clean up after himself Graham abducts a small boy from another town in hopes of making him just like him. The only difference is that the boy, Martin, has a medical disease that he can't feel any type of pain which might be looked as a blessing to this serial killer.  As these two different stories combine into each other, Allison is left fighting not only for her own life but for the lives of her new family. As we travel deeper into the sick mind of a killer many secrets are reveled about the nature of why the killings take place. Graham's haunting words of "If they have no feelings, they have no fear; but if they have no fear, why do they run? are repeated many times but it not until the end when his words finally make sense to himself.  But will Allison be able to save herself and her family? Will Martin ever escape from Graham?  Not to spoil the ending, and for those who have not seen Malevolence, I will leave it up to you to see Bereavement yourselves. The actors did a wonderful job and I have to give applause to Spencer List, who plays Martin, for his outstanding and haunting performance that gave me chills that lasted long after the movie was over. Bereavement is a slasher movie at its best, not for the weak stomach, but doesn't contain an over amount of gore (just what you would expect when slashing someone up) but just enough for this horror movie loving girl to get her fix.
 Six-year-old Martin Bristol is the victim of a random kidnapping.  Held prisoner in an abandoned, isolated slaughterhouse, he is forced to watch the psychopathic Graham Sutter (Brett Rickaby of "The Crazies") butcher innocent women as though they were cattle.  Five years later, an orphaned teenager, Allison (Alexandra Daddario of "Percy Jackson & The Olympians"), comes to live with her uncle, Jonathan Miller (Michael Biehn of "The Terminator").  Jogging by the Sutter slaughterhouse, she glimpses Martin peering out of a window.  One day, while investigating the slaughterhouse, she is captured by Graham Sutter and a horrendous nightmare of events soon follows.    Stevan Mena's "Bereavement is a prequel to the slasher film "Malevolence, which was released in 2004 and has obtained a cult following.  Also written, produced and directed by Mena,  "Malevolence is a low budget film that chronicles what happens to a group of bank robbers who encounter a malevolent, Jason Voorhees-like serial killer, Martin Bristol.  Anyone who enters his domain dies.  Cursed with a rare neurological disorder that prevents him from feeling pain, he is a super serial killer.  Unfortunately, "Malevolence has the look and feel of a homemade film.  The acting is amateurish, the plot is predictable and the scares few.  It is mediocre slasher fare that had a lot of potential but the proper funding was not there.    The potential became reality with "Bereavement thanks to a higher budget, professional acting and innumerable shocks and twists that made the film extremely suspenseful, especially during the last fifteen minutes.  As with many horror films, the audio commentary and "making of featurettes for "Bereavement are not only interesting and enjoyable, but educational.  All the extra features are essential viewing.  I was better able to understand the extent of Graham Sutter's psychosis.  When he was a child, he was abused by his father, which resulted in him becoming a serial killer.  Every man desires to pass his "special talents on to his son.  Thus we have the kidnapping of Martin.  Whereas "Malevolence was strictly slasher horror, "Bereavement, as explained by Stevan Mena, is psychological horror.  He desired to emphasis the affects of a murder/death on an entire family.  Indeed, every character in the cast had experienced the death of a family member.    Interestingly enough, Mena tells his viewers that he actually lived near an infamous serial killer on Long Island.  This greatly influenced "Malevolence.  The genuine horror is when the viewer learns that the events in "Bereavement are quite plausible.  Thousands of children, and adults, disappear every year.  What happens to these people?  Also, while traveling from my hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee to Chesapeake, Virginia, I encounter a lot of rural countryside where I see many dilapidated, decaying structures similar to the Sutter slaughterhouse.  Who is living in them and what are they doing?  Conceivably, a serial killer could be living next door to you without your knowledge.    "Bereavement reminded me of such ground-breaking classics as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, "Deranged and "Three on a Meathook, which are all based on the infamous, true-life serial killer Ed Gein.  The parental abuse of Graham Sutter, and the subsequent hallucinations which he experiences, is supposedly influenced by the character of Norman Bates in "Psycho.  Due to its graphic, gory, tortuous content, "Bereavement is not intended for the timid and faint of heart.  However, I highly recommend it for fans of slasher films, especially the aforementioned classics.    If you've already seen "Malevolence, then you can easily ascertain how "Bereavement will end.  However, if you haven't, you are destined for a genuine treat. I recommend watching "Bereavement first and then renting or buying an inexpensive copy of "Malevolence, which is exactly what I did.  (Many of the same on-location sets were used in both films and the continuity is good considering the films were released at least six years apart.)  According to Stevan Mena, there are plans for a third installment depicting the final outcome of the grown Martin Bristol. I will definitely be adding that one to my slasher flick collection.  Joseph B. Hoyos
 The cinematography was amazingly good in this movie.  I didn't expect such great close ups and wide angle shots from an Indie horror movie.  The only exception was the 'in car' shots, which really could have been better and detracted a lot from the camerawork, which was otherwise just excellent.  The above poster pretty much gave a run down of the movie, so I won't repeat the plot aspects, other to say that the story was good, but the fine details got a bit thin in places - for instance - I've never known a long distance runner to wear that many clothes for a long run, and yet forget to leave her sports bra at home.  We took to calling our main protagonist "Ms. Bouncy.  One of her HIGHSCHOOL classes, we are led to believe, is talking about psychoanalytic theory.  It just happens to pertain to the story, but of course she isn't paying attention. Ok, but what makes it a really crappy detail, is besides all that wonkiness, it just doesn't matter anyway. Just little details and cliches like that detract from the movie here and there.  And what about all the missing people that no one ever seems to be looking for?  Yep, if I were the killer I'd feel pretty confident in this town too.  The violence and gore deliver very well, and the art crew gives us a creepy, dirty atmosphere that is so realistic that you can almost smell rusty blood. I think one of the weirdest emotions this movie jerked out of me was the intense desire to go wash and sharpen that man's knives. It doesn't rely on music tricks to jerk a scare out of you, but you get a few of those anyway.  The score is complimentary to the atmosphere and suspense without getting in the way or being too obvious, at least 95% of the time.  The story didn't stay with any of us.  It didn't make us 'think' or speculate or talk about it much afterwards.  It was just a good splatter flick, sorta like Hostel meets Chainsaw Massacre meets a bit of Frailty, which is a movie that REALLY delivers on this theme, if it is story and not violence and gore you're in it for.  If it is screams and blood you want, you've got the right flick.
 After watching the first movie "Why Did I Get Married", I really wanted to see where they go from here, have the characters resolved the issues or at the least learnt to deal with them. What about forgiveness - no marriage can survive unless the partners learn to forgive each other for their mistakes and move on. And what about trust, can we truly trust those in our lives and know that no matter what we can depend on them and trust them to be true to us?  I enjoyed watching this movie, I have to say the outcome was completely not what I expected, but it was good to see them deal with issues that brought them to where they are. Issues that can bring healing and closure!
 I just watched it with my wife and as usual it sparked a discussion with her. Tyler's movies tend to elicit lots of conversation and discussion. Lol. Would recommend to anyone who's watched the first one.
 Despite all the negative feedback I heard from the media and friends about this movie, I decided to rent it from the RedBox to see for myself.  I absolutely LOVED it and watched it like 4 times over the course of 2 days...LOL!  I thought the acting, storyline, cast and set were perfectly matched to make a great film!!  Many thought it was over the top drama but I found the dramatic elements to be very realistic and take away from the typical fairy tale usually shown in couples movies.  GREAT JOB Tyler PERRY!!!
 This is a good movie, even though I did not like to way the movie ended.  I really liked Tyler Perry's first one better; Why Did I Get Married?
 This was a sequel worth watching.  The characters were built upon, as well as the added value of drama and life lessons to be learned by all.  It's always a plus when the women are "easy on the eyes".
 I must admit, I'm not crazy about the ending of the movie. However, overall the movie is absolutely excellent. True events that ppl go thru everyday in their marriage and the story line was absolutely brilliant.  I still like the 1st one better just b/c it was the original  Tyler Perry can make a movie of monkeys and donkeys playing in a field together (Laughing at my own self)  and I'm still going to support it.  The man is genius
 I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE BUT I STILL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE TITLE. THE WORD "TOO MEANS ALSO. I KNOW AN EDUCATED MAN LIKE TYLER PERRY WOULD KNOW THAT. MAYBE HE SHOULD HAVE USED A WORD LIKE "ANYWAY". YEAH, THAT'S IT, "WHY DID I GET MARRIED, ANYWAY? ALSO, I AM JUST NOT HAPPY THE WAY PATRICIA JUST WENT BERSERK. FIRST SHE SIMPLY ANNOUNCED HER PENDING DIVORCE TO ALL OF THE COUPLES WITHOUT EVEN AS MUCH AS A DISCUSSION WITH GAVIN, LEAVING HIM SPEECHLESS. THEN SHE FLIPPED COMPLETELY OUT WHEN HE REQUESTED THAT THE MONEY FROM THE SALES OF HER BOOK BE SPLIT WITH HIM. AND HOW ABOUT WHEN SHE GOES TO HIS OFFICE WITH THE CAKE AND THE TRANSVESTITE INSIDE. TO TOP IT ALL OFF IN GAVIN'S ATTEMPT TO GET AWAY FROM THE ONCE STABLE AND TOGETHER PATRICIA HE GETS INTO HIS VEHICLE, SPEEDS AWAY AND GETS STRUCK BY AN ONCOMING TRUCK. NO! NO! NO! I AM NOT HAPPY AT THE WAY THIS MOVIE ENDED AT ALL. AND I FELT SOME OF THE STORYLINES WERE UNFINISHED. DID THE SITUATION WITH DIANE'S EMOTIONAL AFFAIR WITH SOMEONE NAME PHIL GET RESOLVED. AND HOW ABOUT MICHAEL? SHEILA WAS TAKING CARE OF HIM BECAUSE HE HAS CANCER. THAT WAS LEFT UNFINISHED TOO. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TRULY SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE, EXCEPT IT IS GOOD AND VERY WATCHABLE. BUT THE TITLE AND THE STORYLINES COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THOUGHT OUT. I GAVE THIS MOVE 4 STARS BECAUSE TYLER PERRY IS A GOOD STORYTELLER WITHOUT ALL OF THE UNNECESSARY PROFANITY AND SEXUAL SITUATIONS.
 Yet another Tyler Perry movie
 Let me 1st start by saying, people really need to stop comparing the 1st movie to the sequel.  They are not alike in anyway, and thats the way it should be.  The sequel is three years later with a new couple/new baby, an ex-husband and new circumstances for each couple.  The only real similarities are the problems that existed for some are still there, but thats it.  Overall it was a good movie. As much as I like Tasha Smith in the 1st one, she really irritated me in this one.  I could have done without her in many scenes, and much of her scenes were for comic relief, it was over the top this time around.  I really liked Sheila's character this time around as well.  She is definitely more sure of herself, happy being in the place she is in now.  Janet, WOW!!! she really came strong in this,  Two thumbs up for her, and I hope she continues with acting.  I also agree with another reviewer about Sheila's husband not being able to find a job as a Cop. Tyler could have done better research on this one, and just gave the man a job, and made his new job more demanding, with long hours, away from his new family, the focus of their issues.  Not being able to find a job as a cop, was just unrealistic.  I always thought Janet and Gavin's relationship was more show/fluff and there was something hiding under the surface, but I will not spoil it and leave it at that.  Adding the older couple, (Louis Gossett Jr and Cicely Tyson) was brilliant.  They were great together, and told an amazing story of how they met and married!!!  If there is going to be a 3rd movie, (the ending makes you think it will be), I would love to see how Sheila and her husbands relationship progresses.  Overall it was a good movie, and I plan to buy the DVD.
 I enjoyed this movie. It was definitely an improvement from the movie version of "I Can Do Bad All By Myself", however I did feel somewhat disappointed when I left the theatre.  There were two things I didn't like about the movie. The first one is Troy's storyline (Sheila's husband) about being unemployed was too similar to the Lem character in "Soul Food and the second thing I didn't like was the ending.  I don't want to give the movie away for those of you who haven't seen it yet, so I'll just say the wrong character was chosen for that particular scene. Maybe after you've seen it, you'll agree. Maybe, you won't but I've dealt with something similar and it takes a lot longer than a year to bounce back from that.  I do know that all movies don't have a happy ending but that whole scene should have been re-written so that the movie could have ended on a high note.  Overall, it was a very entertaining movie and I enjoyed it. I just didn't like the ending, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Also, Janet Jackson acted her heiny off. She has definitely come a long way from "Poetic Justice. All of them did a great job acting but Janet was the centerpiece. Hats off to you, Janet!  Keep up the good work, Tyler! Still a fan and still in your corner.
 Great movie and was just as enjoyable as the first. I think that the acting and the story was great. The cast put together to do this movie was outstanding
 This movie was both enjoyful and suspenseful.  It kept you on the end of your seats as you were waiting for the conclusion of the movie.  Well written; hats off to Tyler Perry.
 nice to see a moview where the black men are not the source of every conceivable ill black women face.  having said that, perry doesn't do hetero well.  his lines and demeanor are too sensitive.  angela sets the image of black women way back.  unfortunately milder versions of her temperment are ever present among black women in the real world.  too many of the lines between the couples seem to be lifted from a conversation w/ oprah winfrey or maya angelou.  example, jill scott told hubby
 I won't spoil this one for you but if you have seen 'Why Did I get Married?' you have to see this one.  This is the follow up to the first one and it really gives you a sequel that you really don't want to miss.  While I personally enjoy Tyler Perry movies and I do admit that some are better than others. This one is one of the better ones. Oh, and if you haven't seen the first one, please buy it first before you get this one.
 this movie is great it has everything thats real in todays realtionships... any girl would love this movie not only does it have some great eye candy but it also has real issues we go through and real outcomes. i definitely recommend this movie to others even my partner enjoyed watching this.
 I only got to see bits and pieces of this movie until tonight when I was able to watch this film in its entirety; I have to applaud Tyler Perry because he really brought out some issues that face married folks; He also brought out some things that make marriage sweet. My heart went out to Patty and Gavin(Janet Jackson and Malik Yoba)as well as Richard T. Jones(talk about karma) and Brian(Michael Jai White) because to be honest he couldn't catch a break coming or going although Angela kept you laughing here she really did. I loved Cicely Tyson and Louis Gossett Jr's roles as well. They gave hope that somehow life goes on and it is still good. great movie on the institution of marriage but it makes you wonder whether or not it is worth it.
 I was a little worried that Tyler wouldn't be able to pull off a sequel but he did it.  Even though it wasn't as good as the first it was funnier in my opinion.  The storyline was decent carrying over the drama from the first and the ending to me seemed like a quick way to rap it up.  I do not regret buying this movie and I would not mind watching it again.  I saw this one as more of a comedy even though it had it's "sad parts.  I would recommend it if you enjoyed the first.
 I'm not a movie person, and I am someone who tends to watch a movie one time and then, more or less, forget it. I also tend to really dislike watching "black movies, which I will explain more in a second. However, I will not soon forget this movie, and this was neither a waste of my time nor money. I will certainly watch it again. It mixes realism with sensationalism in such a way that what is real about the movie keeps you just as interested as what is there to serve as a "message or to make you react.  Unlike one reviewer, I found this to be one of the rare cases in which the "sequel is superior to the first release. One reason off the top of my head, without giving anything away about the movie
 Bertolucci's 1970 film following the life of a young student of philosophy in Fascist Italy.  Not of great film quality but the film has an excellent screenplay, a clever script, and reasonable acting.  The Conformist follows the life of Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) who was a student of philosophy and who admired his teacher Professor Quadri (Enzo Tarascio) for his standing to principle as exemplified in Plato's 'Republic.'  Marcello's dreams are shattered however when his teacher chooses to flee to exile in France to oppose Mussolini's fascist regime.  Without any other authority figure to look up to, Marcello becomes a black shirt and is approached by Mussolini's government with a special task
 This is a good transfer of a remarkable movie, HOWEVER, the "Dance of the Blind sequence, which appeared in the restored version I saw in a movie theatre several years ago, has once again gone missing, this time from the DVD. It's an extraordinary scene, only five minutes in length, so the time element could not have been a factor.  Why go to the trouble of cleaning up these movies, and then arbitrarily hack out an important piece? Another nit pick- the cut from the last shot in the film to the title for the clean up team is very abrupt, a couple of seconds of black screen would've been welcome- Criterion, are you listening???  There is a golden opportunity here...
 The subtitles are huge, yellow, and intrusive. My Panasonic DVD player can lower the subtitles to the bottom of the screen and fade them, but they're still intrusive. So, if your DVD player can't do that, you're going to be really annoyed. The film is justly famous, beautiful in style (especially if your stomach allows you to view the murder in the forest as a beautiful scene), but very negative. Trintignant kills his favorite professor and the woman he loves because of something that happened to him long ago. At the end of the movie he learns that the bad thing didn't happen after all and he killed the professor and the woman for no reason. I have trouble with Trintignant's moronic wife, but you might not. Definitely worth seeing.
 Made by Bernado Bertolucci in 1971, it is a study of a young man striving for position in Fascist Italy in the 1930s. The series of events that overwhelm him put him into the position of a willing murderer.
 Though the film has nothing to do with the Pink Panther diamond, the cartoon panther had become synonymous with the comedy series by this point.  Thus the fourth Inspector Clouseau comedy was named THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN.  Though it's a little over-the-top at times - particularly during the end - it's one of the very funniest entries in the series, ranking right behind the original THE PINK PANTHER as far as overall quality.  The plot involves ex-Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) going completely mad and retreating to a European castle, where he kidnaps a brilliant scientist (Robert Vernon) and his daughter (Briony McRoberts) and creates a ray gun which makes objects invisible.  Jacques Clouseau (Peter Sellers), now promoted to the rank of Chief Inspector, sets out to stop Dreyfus, while being pursued by assassins from governments worldwide who want Clouseau dead after Dreyfus makes a demand
 Unlike the other Panther films, which still mix in some of director Blake Edwards' skillful subtle comedy ala  Breakfast at Tiffany's,  this Panther outing is strictly high caliber slapstick. The plot, which is far-fetched, exists simply as a framework to get star Peter Sellers out of one comic situation and into another. This is not a bad thing - some of the funniest comedies are the ones that have the skimpiest storytelling. I've seen all the Panther films many times, and this is the one that I always laugh the loudest at. It's hard not to enjoy Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau and how he unintentionally outwits his former superior Dreyfus (Herbert Lom). The DVD release contains both the widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film (though no real extras)and is a step up from the old VHS release. It's always nice to have this choice on a single disc. I honestly don't know what extras could be included as most of the outtakes were unfortunately recycled in the inferior  Trail of the Pink Panther.  I recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys a slapstick approach to comedy.
 "The Pink Panther Strikes Again", though misnamed (the "Pink Panther plays no part whatever in this installment), is a very funny movie. ... The first two "Panther films had clever, relatively sophisticated plots. In the first one, Peter Sellers was part of an ensemble of stars and was not the sole focus of the story. The second was a transition, with Clouseau emerging as the focus, but with an emphasis on the story still evident. Subsequent efforts were simply vehicles for Sellers' portrayal of Inspector Clouseau. Everything else was secondary. If an Inspector Clouseau film is what you want, then the later films are for you. Personally while I enjoy the later films very much, I like the first two best... Of the later movies, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again is, in my opinion, the best. The plot is completely over the top, but that doesn't really matter. Sellers and Herbert Lom play off each other marvelously, and there are lots of very funny scenes. The opening, with former Chief Inspector Dreyfus ready to be released from a mental hospital, and, later, Clouseau trying single-handedly to break into an old castle, are highlights. This film's predecessor, "The Return... had classic bits, too, of course, but the plot was allowed to become a bit confused. Here, there is no confusion, just Sellers doing his thing. On that basis, it's funny regardless of the plot. For me, this is a strong four stars. It ranks somewhere between "A Shot In The Dark and "The Return Of The Pink Panther". Not a bad place to be. They're all very good, and there are lots of laughs to be had from each. If you are looking strictly for a Sellers vehicle, though, this might be the best one of the bunch for you. Either way, give it a try. You won't regret owning this. It's a comedy classic in its own right.
 Peter Sellers returns in this classic comedy. Dreyfus is more insane than ever! Considering the fact that he just got out of the insane asylum! The fight with Cato and Clouseau is the funniest Clouseau fight I've seen yet!  But there is a few problems, in the near end Dreyfus disappers into thin  air, yet he returns in  Revenge of the Pink Panther,  alive and  well! The movie also drags in the middle, then it picks up again.  If you  forget those parts you'll rate it 5 stars. I also thought the scene with  the President was hilarious. The line he said was,  Call the FBI, the  CIA, and the pentagon! Find out who won the game! 
 Okay, I admit this is one of the funniest of the Panther films, but I swear there have to be some deleted scenes. Newsman Howard K. Smith is given star billing in this film and is credited as playing himself, yet I don't spot him anywhere in the movie. Does this mean there may be another reissue of this film on DVD with even more footage? I can only hope.
 "The Pink Panther Strikes Again is one of the defining moments of my early film going experience.  I saw it when I was thirteen (sat through it twice) at my neighborhood bijou.  I went to my parochial school and during recess related the film's juiciest parts to my male buddies.  I was overheard by a nosy female classmate and she told Mother Superior about my off color remarks.  After getting tongue lashed about my impure thoughts I was sent home(this is punishment?) and told to contemplate and maybe make an act of contrition.  Oh, well.  The movie?  In my mind Peter Sellers is the greatest comic force to ever hit the silver screen.  After a series of box office bombs and ten years after "A Shot in the Dark"(the best in the Clouseau series) Sellers revived the character in "The Return of the Pink Panther in 1975.  That film was a mixed bag but a box office success nonetheless so another entry was inevitable.  In 1976 "Strikes Again came out.  I think this is the second best "Pink Panther film.  It's a mixture of witty verbal gags and over-the-top slapstick.  For the most part it works but there are some misses.  Sellers was incapable of phoning in a performance but to my mind seems a little tired here.  I think that has more to do with the heart attack he had recently suffered than any boredom with the character.  Herbert Lom, however, as Clouseau's nemesis Chief Inspector Dreyfus has never been better.  Lom was usually relegated to supporting roles and director Blake Edwards gives him the opportunity to chew the scenery in royal fashion and he goes for broke here.  Another bonus is the presence of the delectable Lesley-Anne Down as the Russian assassin sent to kill Clouseau but falls in love with him instead.  Down gave good performances in "The Betsey and "The Great Train Robbery later but never achieved the success that her talents merited.  I would recommend this film as a good entry level for those unfamiliar with Sellers' comic genius and then graduate them to "Dr. Strangelove".
 Well, I actually was able to sit through this film until the end. Obviously improbable story line, makes this worth seeing for funny gags, that you can't help laughing at. Almost as a diversion to something like a World War (which Sellers fought in). Includes some lines, about Sellers participation in World War II in the movie. Sellers has a gift to make people laugh probably stemming from his desire to help people after seeing the death and destruction of World War 2 bombings (sic) from his childhood. This makes him most beloved with his comic timing being done quite well overall; wish their were more comedians, but unfortunately he's one of a kind, working as it were obviously not for the money, but for truly trying to help people's hearts in trying time. The movie was not all that great in and of itself, but he's such a one of a kind comedian, it's worth seeing--- again again to the end.
 I love Anna Faris; she's such a... She is so young in this movie, it almost doesn't look like her. Anyway, have fun with parodies of the new genre of scary movies. It's stupid fun.
 This isn't in the same league as Airplane! or Spaceballs. Here, the humor is more crude and . . . well . . . stupider. You won't get much toilet humor here, though. It's more about sex, homosexuality, stupid teenage girls, stoners, and, of course, the horror films of the late 90's. From "Scream to "I Know What You Did Last Summer, It's always nice to see a spoof of these silly teenage horror flicks that give only cheap thrills. And not only that, there's even some "Matrix and "Usual Suspects thrown in. Despite its lack of originality, this is still very funny. So what if it's downright stupid? It's a comedy! It's made to make us all laugh. And MAN, did it make me laugh?  I'm not really into the more recent spoofs (like "Epic Movie and "Dance Flick") that fail in many levels, but the first two "Scary Movie flicks I really enjoyed watching. The first one, in particular, has to be the funniest out of all of them.
 This is my second favorite of all the scary movies in the series. This was when the series wasn't getting boring and repetitive. The scary movie series kind of started a new era when it comes to movie spoofs. I have to say I am a huge scary movie fan but the comedy in this movie is hilarious. They use spoofs from all kinds of movies from scream, Halloween. The movie flowed well and the content well it was a little over the edge that's what made the scary movie series great. The third and fourth one seemed softer and since they knew they were going to get viewers either way I feel they made it softer and PG-13 so more kids could watch it. Overall this is definitely worth a look for one time around. I would even recommend that you pick up the second DVD as well but I would not go buy the third or fourth. A funny movie and something to watch with your friends.
 Guys! if you have seen "Scream and "I know what u did last summer then this movie would be the best ever seen comedy movie for u. I would call it the dangerous comedy movie. It is actually the parody of classic horror movies filled with "high end vulgar comedy by Wayan brothers.
 I erased my initial 3-star review because it wasn't totally fair. I watched this a second and third time, and I tell you, I'm almost ready to give this 5 stars, but I won't. The first time, I couldn't fully appreciate the crass humor, but I realize that it is a classic. But it's still a classic I'm unwilling to give 5 stars.  Along with the Wayans' brand of comedy, comes an unshakeable annoyance at some of their jokes because of their juvenility. Unlike White Chicks, the Wayans show no restraint with their toilet and sexual humor in Scary Movie. Why does every joke have to revolve around sex? Are the Wayans Brothers that sexually obsessed? All in all, it's a funny picture if you can abandon your decent sensibilities for a little while and just have fun. That's what I did, and I'll not hesitate to watch it again and again. Scary Movie is also the funniest in the 4 part series.
 I love this movie.  I laughed through the whole movie. If you haven't watched this movie, then I suggest that you do.  However, DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH.  That is, unless you don't mind them watching 'R' rated movies.  Just remember its rating, so you can know what to expect.
 Whathever, the movie has no plot, which i think is what makes it so funny.The sex stuff is also funny!  The opening scene of the patio of drew barrymore looks just like the one in scream.The movie also makes fun of the blair witch project , i know what you did last summer , scream 2, matrix , and charlie's angels.  There is something that is really funny about Anna Farri's performance. This is great.
 Very funny. I watched it about five years ago so I do not remember a thing, but I remember I loved it and laughed with all my strength. Back then it was on of my favorite movies. I watched it almost every day. The best from the SCARY MOVIE trilogy is the second one, for me. I loved it. One of the best comedy movies ever. If you like strong crude and sexual, gross humor, you will love SCARY MOVIE, specially the second one.  Watch this one. You'll have a time full of laughter and entertainment.
 Scary Movie is a parody of several films; I know What You Did Last Summer, Scream, The Exorcist, even Matrix.  Though not a masterpiece, it is a funny movie, guaranteed to provide more than a just a few laughs.  The casting is very good, and the story very well written.  Overall, it is a movie definitely worth watching, and even though quite silly at times, it will surely put you in a good mood!
 Honestly, I wanted nothing to do with this film coz I can't stand the films it was spoofing.  It's basically doing for  Scream  era slashers(one of the worse subgenres is cinematic history) what  Student Bodies  did for heyday slasher flicks(I suggest seeing that film as well).  I did watch it though coz I was impressed with the way the Wayans brothers spoofed  in the hood  films, and I thought they just might be able to pull it off.  Well,  I found this movie funny-in fact, very funny!  Funnier than I was expecting.  The jokes are all hit and miss like a Zucker Brothers film, but the good ones are very good.  Believe it or not, it actually takes some intelligence to come up with such stupid jokes.  There are certainly those who hate it for it's crudeness, but what do you expect when you're dealing with the Wayans brothers?  I admire the fact that they don't wimp out and go the PG-13 route.  My hat goes off to the Wayans brothers-if they continue to make them, I'll continue to watch.
 It's about time slasher movies were poked fun at. They're such an old, abused form of horror.  Scary Movie  is a funny parody of the formula that works well. While much of the humor is sick and vulgar, it doesn't get over-excessive like the awful  Not Another Teen Movie.  We get pot-shots at spooky flicks like  Scream,   I Know What You Did Last Summer,   The Sixth Sense,  as well as jabs at  The Usual Suspects,   Baywatch,  and  Kazaam.  The plot is appropriately ridiculous and the humor is uproariously funny.  Scary Movie  is the best of the recent film parodies.
 This movie was surprisingly better than I expected it would be.  Seeing how those 'Scream' type movies got stale so fast, I figured it wouldn't be that good, but it was better than expected.  The directing was good, the scenes worked quite well, and the actors were all pretty well suited for their roles.  The movie was extremely funny, some of my faves included Cindy's quite 'untypical' father, and the scene at the movie theater.  The movie even contained a shock ending.  And Anna Faris has got to be the hottest actress in the business today.  However, the movie certainly wasn't perfect. My biggest gripe was the overuse of a certain part of the male anatomy. Seeing how the primary audience of this movie would be males, I don't see why they had to include that. However, outside of that, there was pretty much no problems at all.
 SCARY MOVIE is a halarious spoof on all the teenage slasher movies that have come out in the past years. The plot of this film is simple
 Scary Movie turned out what I thought it to be (a halirious movie with people getting killed off in wacky ways and silly parodies of recent horror  movies) and what I didn't think it to be (showing ...ahem... small full  frontal male nudity, and a major major gross scene). The Wayans have  majorly beat the  There's Something About Mary  creators with the  most gross-out jokes ever displayed in a movie. Anyway, Scary Movie was a  good funny movie. The acting, for a parody, was great. And even though it  followed Scream by every scene almost, there were other movies parodied and  mentioned. For example
 Hey, Scary Movie wasn't so much of a scary movie afterall. Instead, it is one helluva roller-coaster parody of the recent box-office hits like Matrix  and the likes of Scream that promises to bring you a ceaseless 1 and 1/2  hour of nauseous, dizzying, raucous laughter. Scary Movie not only spoofs  hits like Sixth Sense and I Know What You Did Last Summer, it also pokes  fun at racism and bimbo-hood, albeit done in the light of humor. To  really enjoy Scary Movie, you'd have to dispose yourself of all reason and  rationale and laugh it all down, with some popcorn and coke of course(just  make sure not to choke on it while guffawing away). The plot may be thin,  but it sure is the one of the funniest movie I have ever seen. Those in  hope of a really frightening premise would be sorely disappointed,  though. In all, Scary Movie is the epitome of parodies and brings sexual  jokes to newer heights of enjoyment. Way to go!
 Scary movie is a fun movie worth a buy or rent. It's a great movie to watch with your friends at a party. It's a spoof off horror movies, mainly I know what you did last summer and Scream. But it also mocks the Blair Witch Project and the Matrix briefly. If you watched Scream and I know what you did last summer, you'll probably enjoy the jokes better. But, the first time I saw it, I hadn't seen either but still found it hilarious. There's not really much more to say besides it's an absolutely hilarious movie that will deliver plenty of nonstop laughter. This movie throughout delivers a constant amount of laughter and afterwards, you'll be telling your friends about the great jokes.
 I was very pleased with this blu-ray transfer. This Blu-ray title looks very good on my 65 Mitsubishi 1080p DLP running off my PS3. It is definitely superior to some of the Paramount and WB catalog titles I have purchased.  I would highly recommend this purchase, especially if you are a fan of this franchise.
 In this day and age I like to watch movies that help me forget about all the problems of the world and just laugh. This is one of them. It truly shows how moronic the slasher films are. Maybe they went a bit excessive on the bathroom humor but that can be overlooked. I rarely stopped laughing from start to finish and now own this movie and have watched it several times. I recommend this movie to lift your spirits when you are feeling down because beleive me, you will laugh.
 I saw SCARY MOVIE in the theaters last summer with my older sister. We laughed, of course - I couldn't stop laughing - but it was more like sick humor. Also, all they were doing throughout the flick was offending other movies and stuff [i.e.
 I really liked this movie. The humour is black and extreme with some really funny scenes. The pace is quick with no slack or bad bits. It cruises along effortlessly with good performances, scripting and acting. It reminds me of just how ridiculous and formularised these horror movies really are. Some of the jokes are really bad taste ( think Me , Myself and Irene) so if you like that sort of stuff this ones for you. It takes a swipe at almost every stereotype, the virgin, the jock, the homosexual, the cheerleader and the ejaculation scene is unexpectadly wild ( as is the dick in the ear scene). Laugh yourself silly.
 OK, my player also showed the FBI warning thing... so, what you do is when you first put the DVD is press 'stop' so the FBI warning doesn't show up and your stop menu does... then push 'play' and voila! oh, my review... VERY funny! a must-see!
 I'm not really one for spofs but this one is great! There are plenty of cool gags and the movie doesn't go on too long or overplay anything which you tend to get in movie these days (Austin Powers!). I love the way they changed the spook's mask for a couple of scenes, especially the  Wazap  one. The film makers had a sense for what is funny and when it should be brought in. I want to see it again!
  Scary Movie  isn't scary at all,but fall on the floor funny(usually),and finally takes the wind out of all those overblown new slasher films to boot.Sure,the jokes are crude,disgusting,juvenile,almost always offensive to somebody,and most importantly,FUNNY.Whenever I've watched this with a group of people,the reactions are always wildly mixed,from people leaving in disgust,to shouts of  dude,play it again! Any film with a reaction like that has got to be worth something.The DVD is definately worth buying because you get scenes that weren't in the film,and,amazingly,are even more extreme!Buy this DVD and show it at your next party or get-together.Then you'll find out who your REAL freinds are!
 Scary Movie Score
 This is a great movie to watch with the guys, and not with your girlfriend. This movie has its moments when it makes fun of The Matrix, Scream, and The 6th Sense, among others. This movie really doesn't have much of a plot, but that's the point. If you watch this, you need to be in a slap happy attitude and it will be much better. It's sexual jokes can either add to your enjoyment, or ruin it completely. As I said, if you're watching this with your friends, it will be much better.  I added another star for all the extras on the DVD. Everyone likes extra stuff, and this DVD has it. It's special features include
 If you want to watch the movie, the only way I recommend seeing it is on DVD.  It has deleted scenes and many extras.  When I first watched this I thought I knew what I was expecting.  I thought that this movie would just be another one of those parody movies that spoof things like The Naked Gun and Airplane, but I was wrong. This movie is one of the most raunchiest movies I have ever seen.  Usually that would be a bad thing, but here it isn't.  The scenes that were nasty (and there are a lot of them) were pivotal in telling the story.  When I saw some of the scenes I thought that they would just be pointless and stupid as they are in many other movies, but these were hilarious. Many people might not understand my title for the review.  Basically it is saying that immature people would not be able to even understand most of the jokes in the movie, but a mature person would find the movie extremely funny and gratifying.  This movie has it all and I as a mature person (I think) recommend it most whole-heartedly
 Scary Movie. What a name huh? Because, unless you are a total whimp, there was nothing scary about this movie. It was however, an outragesly funny movie for the young (12+) at heart. The scenes portray such as Scream (1,2,3), I know..., Blair Witch, and many more. The actors and actresses are also made fun of in this entertaining flick.  Now, this is a movie for teens and adults younger than 40. Some  adults  won't enjoy this. But I know my mother of 39, liked this movie and certainly did get a good laugh out of it! So, if you are in the mood for a  teeny  style flick, you'll like it. Even more so, if you have seen all the  Scary Movies  that they poke fun at.  One warning however, this movie is not for those people who think things should be  proper, and respectible  but for those who absolutely love stupid (George of the Jungle) or wacky sexual pics, you should enjoy it. Not the best review, I know. But hey, It gets the point accross. I liked it, I'm 19 and I think normal people who aren't real bent up about sexuality and stuff, should see it.  Blessings~~~
 All around great time. The only reason I would say don't buy the DVD is because mine has a 17min30sec long FBI warning at the begining and there is no way to get around it. The movie is non-stop laughter. some parts are kinda dumb humor but it's still a great movie. Gunslinger
 Wow... just when I thought nothing more could be done with the sight-gag-laden genre-satire flick, 'Scary Movie' ended up being a pleasant surprise! Although I'm not terribly familiar with the subject matter being parodied (the 'Scream' flicks, 'I Know What You Did Last Summer', etc.), I did manage to bust a gut more than a few times. So, even if you're not all that caught up with those 90s-glamourous-&amp;-fashionable-twentysomethings-playing-glamorous-&amp;-fashionable-suburban-white-bread-teenagers-getting-stalked-and-killed-one-by-one horror flicks, I'm sure you'll be more than entertained!  Also included are a few shots at 'The Matrix', 'Blair Witch', 'The Sixth Sense', and those unbelievably annoying 'Wazzzaappp!' beer commercials. There's the usual visual gags that you've come to expect from the genre, as well as a surprisingly large amount of uncovered male naughty bits for the flick to get a mere R-rating! Um, which is cool if, er, you're into that kinda stuff, that is, ahem. Oh yeah, plenty of cannabis humor as well! Wait'll ya see the aquarium bong! But in my opinion, the best parts involved Doofy, the- um, 'special' brother of one of the unfortunate victims-to-be. His lack of prowess in the grey matter made for some real howlers here! Oh, one more thing
 This is with out a doubt one of the most funny movies out there.  If you do not own this dvd you are either a male over 40 which if you are you probably own an old Clint Eastwood movie or a female over 40 which you probably have Steel Magnolia's.  But if you are young then you should definately own this DVD.  Very, very funny and unforgetable scenes.
 I have to admit it, despite my best efforts. Scary Movie is a hilarious film. Well maybe not hilarious, but very very funny. The first time I was it I couldn't stop laughing, funny joke after funny joke. I mean it was so shocking and over the limit, yet incredibly funny that I couldn't stop laughing. The main problem with "Scary Movie is simply that the second time you watch it, it isn't that funny. Alot of shock value comedy just becomes disgusting.  Overall it is a good, very funny movie, but a) it's only funny if you see Scream, Scream 2, and I Know What You Did Last Summer first and b)after the first veiwing many jokes get old and just plain disgusting. Still a great comedy though.
 Before I start ranting about how funny this movie is, I have to get this off of my chest - Scary Movie is one of the worst movies ever!  By far and away, this is complete trash.  It is just that as another member of society, trash like this is not only acceptable, it is extremely entertaining.  There, I said it!  Scary Movie is awful as a movie, but you will be laughing like a trippin' hyena while you watch this.   Do make sure you know a few quick facts before you buy this though
 You have to decide whether its to new hights, or new lows.  There isn't really a plot to this movie, it basically threads together the plots from  such recent teen horror movies as SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST  SUMMER, but plot doesn't really matter in a spoof movie anyway.  The only  thing that matters is getting laughs, and it probably will as long as you  aren't offended easily.  This movie has an incredible range of things to  offend even the most unoffended people.  Violence, Drug use, Bad language,  Retarded police officers, and even the old death by penis.  This movie is  much funnier too if you have seen Scream recently, because there are lots  of references to it and they will be funnier if you know what they mean.  This movie will almost definately make you laugh if you are a teenager, but  if you don't find violence or nudity funny, then stay away.
 well I wentt o see Scary Movie..... really looking forward to it after watching the commercials and stuff. but not knowing really what to expect. critics were all over the place on this one. Ebert gave it a thumbs up said it was funny. cranky hates these types of movies but enjoyed it.... blah blah blah.... not bad reviews I guess, TIME said it was good too.  so off the SCary Movie.... (Oh yeah saw the trailer for Blair Witch 2... bought chills down my spine). well off to Scary Movie..... right off the bat it's a parody of Scream... nearly exactly the same.... with an extra fart joke here and there. hahaha the movie is gross right in the first  5 minutes .... if that grosses you out, then leave immediately... cuz it gets grosser!!!! the movie is a take on most popular movies, like I know what u did last summer, Urban Legends (I think), Scream 1 &amp; 2, Blair Witch, Matrix and a few other movies which I won't mention. it's just joke after joke.... some work, and some don't....  the movie parodies are great... they are very perfectly timed.... my friend who was sooooo hesitant on watching it, laughed hard (the guy who told me to watch Titan AE, Gone in 60 Seconds.... ugh!)  the gross factor in the movie is UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!! if you thought, something about Mary, Road Trip or American Pie or South Park was gross. this movie is far worse~!!! I won't spoil it.... but the sexual nature of this movie is all over the place!!!! I was grossed out like twice.... which is saying a lot!!!  but all in all, if u like the Scream movies... then you'll like this.... if you can pass the gross factor. I laughed fairly hard since there were a lot of jokes I got since ethey were movie related. but the story was just a Sream parody.
 Relax--accept this movie for what it is
 After the huge success of "Scream and other popular teen horror films, it wasn't too long for Hollywood to create a side-splitting parody of the popular movie genre with the blockbuster comedy "Scary Movie". A group of dim-witted teens (oddly played by actors and actresses in their 20s and 30s) are being murdered by a masked maniac. "Scary Movie is a hysterical gross-out parody that ranks as one of the funniest comedies of 2000. Though I'm not a fan of teen horror movies, there are enough unforgettable and wildly entertaining comic scenes that will keep viewers laughing from start to finish. Director Keenan Ivory Wayans (Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood) has surpassed the Farrelly brothers' unique talent for crude humor with some of the most outrageous comic scenes in years. The comic cast includes Marlon Wayans (Senseless), Shannon Elizabeth (American Pie), Jon Abrahams (The Faculty), Cheri Oteri (SNL), Lochlyn Munro (Dead Man on Campus) and Carmen Electra (Baywatch).  If you're a fan of crude humor and film satire, then pick up a copy of "Scary Movie on DVD. The 2000 smash hit comedy is presented in 2.35
 Too much adult male humor for my taste. It's expected with the Waynes Brothers, but I love the comedy from the "killer Its the best part in my opinion.
 This movie made fun of movies that scared some people but I'm one who would really prefer to laugh...and that is exactly what 'Scary Movie' did for me.  I laughed from about the first thirty seconds until the end and that's not to say that there weren't parts where it lagged, but what movie doesn't(besides the Matrix).  I loved Keneen's little part although Shawn's part was a little unbecoming and I think that Marlon's part could have been a little deeper.  I watched this movie twice and I was going to go back again but I couldn't afford to go three times in one week...and that is my opinion.
 OK, this is probably one of the most vulgar movies out.  It even beats the apple pie scene in American Pie.  But, come on, you have to admit you can't help but laugh.  It was funny.  I really feel this should have been an NC-17 rated movie from the get go, but I'm not in charge of that department.  Don't let your kids watch it, but take a chance, rent it and let your inhibitions fly out the window.  I'm not sure if this is one I'll add to my collection.  But if I do, it'll have a nice place next to my copy of American Pie. BTW, my favorite scene was probably the most disgusting, so I can't describe it.  But I'll never look at chainsaws the same way again.
 Saw the movie in the theater, 2nd time around. Laughed until I cried. A must see, only if you have seen 'Scream' and 'I know what you did last summer'. Most of the scenes are spoofs of the original movies. Anyone not seen those movies may not understand the real humor of this movie. However, I dropped one star because it was a lot cruder than it needed to be. I will definately buy this DVD when it releases, but keep the kids away!
 This movie isn't really a scary movie, but it is a spoof of mainly I know what you did last summer, and scream, it's hillarious, but it has blood,  violence and nudity of male genetailia(ok i miss spelled that), not suited  for anyone one under 17
 ok this film was funny and somewhat clever...it had some great moments and made fun of movies like Scream 2, which I did not expect...but there is  nothing here other than a few laughs...its an ok time passer, but it is  nothing special...some moments are really shocking and attention grabbing  however, especially the scene with the gym teacher(he he) this film is good  for a few, or if you are in a silly mood, many laughs...but these are  laughs that will probably not be there at a second viewing...it was  enjoyable enough for four stars, so i would recommend it to fans of the  recent string of horror movies, as it doesnt really make fun of much  else...
 In most Tom Cruise movies, he is in earnest, with his Julia Roberts smile often carrying the day.  It is to his early films that the viewer must turn to see him enjoying himself.  In COCKTAIL, director Roger Donaldson shows a side to Cruise that seems to have disappeared shortly after the release of this movie.  Cruise is a bartender who hooks up with fellow bartender Bryan Brown in what at first seems to be a buddy movie.  The chemistry between the two is palpable with Brown as the sage guru of alcohol and Cruise as his quick study grasshopper.  Had the movie limited itself to that level, the result almost certainly would have been more of interest with Cruise taking on the George role and Brown as Lenny from OF MICE AND MEN. Enter rich girl Elizabeth Shue as the romantic interest for Cruise.  She tries mightily to generate sparks but she is overshadowed by the male bonding between Brown and Cruise.   What makes this movie sizzle is not the plot, in whose predictability one has seen dozens of times before, but in the dazzling melding of song and surprisingly competent acting by all concerned, especially by Bryan Brown, who shows one happy side to the world but does not permit anyone to see the darker layer underneath.  In a film that is clearly designed to appeal more to a music hungry audience than to a critic who seeks traditional ways to judge a movie, COCKTAIL stands as a vastly entertaining movie that, if you delve beneath the color and noise of a throbbing musical score, you will also see a film that has a few enduring comments about the need of one man to find respect from his peers even if it means that this education comes at at high price.
 It was purchased as a gift. I recieved it on time and in good shape. What I remember from the movie it's a good flick.
 Always liked this movie from 1987..Tom Cruise and Elizabeth Shue are great in this film..Always liked it and a good story!
 A great love story with a happy ending.  I love the way they handle the bottles, such a hard an act to do! Love when they do it together.
 Cocktail was an entertaining movie that probably didn't have some of the commercial success as some of the other better known Tom Cruise movies but it was alot of fun. Great music and a very realistic look into the bar/nightclub scene back in those days. A good date movie and ofcourse Tom Cruise and that  million dollar mugging. Maybe not the strongest storyline in the world and kinda jumps around a bit but still an entertaining hour and a half.
 My boyfriend really wanted to rent this movie, but we could not find it anywhere-- so I went ahead and bought a copy here on amazon. I didn't know what to expect, my boyfriend was a 'flare' bar-tender while in college (he does those amazing stunts while making drinks).  Anyhoo. I can typically figure out the plot, the intended morals of the film- and most all the corporate sponsors of a film in about 15 mins of the start. This one was much more difficult-- it portrayed the way, I am sure many, 20-somethings feel when getting into the 'real world'. What to do with your life, how to get there. The lead character starts down one avenue, the military where we begin the movie. Then he goes to the big city imagining life at the top only to realize he will need some more education to get there. Gets into school, but needed employment. He stumbles into a bar where he learns very quickly the skills of the trade. Sleep deprivation and his own idealism screw him over in college.  So the character still has a goal of getting to the top and creates another idealized plan for getting there without a degree. His partner betrays him as a way to teach him a lesson about love *cruel, but... you'll see* So the hero of the story continues his plan for success alone. Life is great, if not lonely. He meets a girl. *awhhh*  The cruel partner shows up again... but he's a gold digger now! And gets the hero into trouble again... *hearts get broken*  Plot shift again... totally new lifestyle, but the hero remains faithful to his plan of getting to the top (very '80's movie). But more heartbreak, a death and a few fist fights later he learns lessons about money, love and friendship... *cue cheesy music* the things that really matter in life. ---------------------------------- SPOILER ALERT!!!! -- ---- ------ --------  Over all the movie was fine, but if you think deeper than the average movie viewer you will note that they sugar coat the true economic hardships of living in the city as a student; and completely ignore the issue of alcoholism as a disease. You will get annoyed by the fact that the partner of the hero can always manipulate the hero by 'betting' with him. And unplanned pregnancy is completely glossed over as something that happens with no options available to the woman... and the man is not expected to participate-- or even be aware-- of the pregnancy or the child. However because he does want to be in the woman's life he is a hero, and of course just because they spent a few sweaty nights having unprotected sex on a beach they will have a satisfying marriage in the city... regardless of the fact that he is a bartender/owner of a dingy bar, regardless of the fact that this woman was the daughter of multi-millionaires who was disowned because she stayed with the Hero of the story. Not to mention that they are expecting twins... and that she hangs out while pregnant in a smoky bar (but hey it was the '80s).  I realize that I was born in '84, and I don't entirely understand the ethics of the decade-- but there is so much more to being successful in life than being idealistic. However I imagine it did help him that he was attractive, white and male... I would love to see a sequel to this film
 Just a great favorite of mine from a while back.  Always loved Elisabeth Shue!
 I bought this for my wife ( I swear it )I never watched it, but this is one of her favorites. if you like Tom cruise and the 80's type movies you'll like this one.
 It's ridiculous how many times I have come across this movie on a weekend on cable and watched it.  I can never tire of this movie, maybe it's the get rich quick schemes the Charlie is trying to cook up.  I can envy how Charlie can get over a break up and move to Jamaica to bartend on the beach.  This movie is a classic for me.
 I love the Takacs Quartet. They are technically brilliant, and have a good understanding of the music. The violist Roger Tapping is my favorite element of this group. He is an outstanding player as are the others, but he really stands out. These are not the cleanest performances, in terms of intonation and ensemble clarity, but satisfying nonetheless.  What really irked me was their ridiculous pouffy pirate shirt getup. They are very distracting. It really takes some getting used to. Oh well, I guess we all have an inner pirate. Yarrrr. I hope Mr. Tapping didn't leave the group over their choice of costume.
 It wasn't the best movie we've seen, but it had plenty of action and we did enjoy watching it. The movie was entertaining even though you might say some of the action was a little far fetched.
 Movie came as advertised and in a timely fashion, would purchase from seller again. Great movie, definately recommend seeing it and buying it, Fast and Furious movies just keep upping the ante.
 I had actually gone to the movies and viewed the movie there.  The movie seemed a little long at the time and I knew I did not catch everything... That is why I purchased it!  Overall great movie!
 Excellent movie fast paced and worth the watch!  This movie is great for car lovers!  This movie is great for all ages,
 Fun, stupid low-brow movie. Like The Onion joked, this could have been written by a five year old, but it had hot women and cool cars, and stupid-fun chases. Not bad.
 *I am a fan of this type of movie.  I've seen all of the Fast & Furious flicks.  This is the best one so far.  Dwayne Johnson adds a new dimension.  He plays well against the other characters. If you like lots of action, gun fights, car crashes and stunts, then this is your movie
 Loved the first one (The Fast and the Furious), skipped 2 and 3 because, well Vin Diesel wasn't in them........... got #4 (Fast and Furious) so I couldn't pass this one up!! The gangs all here, well most of them anyway (with a little teaser at the end) and Dwayne Johnson is added to the mix. This is just a fun, action adventure move. Don't expect anything to much but it's the same caliber as the first and 4th title. Crazy ridiculous, impossible car stunts, chases, fights, hot guys, hot girls and cool cars!! Enjoy!! Oh, and I don't recommend getting behind the wheel of a car for at least an hour after watching this movie, for some reason, people tend to drive faster after watching. ;)
 I had not seen any of the "Fast and Furious movies, but pre-ordered this one on Amazon.com when I saw that two of my favorite actors were in it
 Fast Five adds an interesting twist to the Fast & Furious franchise, leaning more towards heist flick than a street racing film.  Universal Studios has breathed new life into the series by switching up the formula, and Fast Five won't disappoint action junkies.  Fast Five reunites Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) with cop-turned-racer Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro.  Diesel reprises his role of Toretto, this time on the run from a high-octane federal law enforcement team led by Luke Hobbs, played by Dwayne Johnson.  Complicating their situation further is Brazilian drug kingpin Hernan Reyes, portrayed by veteran actor Joaquim de Almeida of "Desperado fame.  The only way to dig themselves out of their hole is to pull off a final caper to the tune of $100 million, aided by a variety of former series characters.  What makes the latest addition to the Fast & Furious franchise a success is the amount of adrenaline injected into the film.  Fast Five is chock full of tense moments, fast cars and shootouts.  Adding a bit of levity to an otherwise hardcore action flick are the duo of reggaeton artists Don Omar and Tego Calderon, who return to the series with comedic relief in tow.  Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang, and Matt Schulze also reprise their roles to offer a sense of familiarity to viewers.  Fast Five's musical score is a mix of high-energy tracks with greater variety than other soundtracks from the franchise.  The film's score doesn't feature as much American rap as earlier films, though it makes up for it with the inclusion of urban Portuguese-language songs from Brazil.  International music ranges from Rio's rap to Brazilian Funk, plus the infectious "Danza Kuduro by Puerto Rican reggaetonero Dom Omar, who returns to the film as the pessimistic Rico.  Fast Five is the third film of the franchise that composer Brian Tyler contributes to, with songs ranging from cinematic to industrial rock.  There are two elements of the film that stand out.  The first being the too-good-to-be-true clash between Dom and federal strike team leader Luke Hobbs.  The two reaching their inevitable on-screen collision hits with the force of a scud missile soaked in testosterone.  The other element is the final car chase of the film.  Gone are the intricate CGI shots of the mechanical workings of the cars involved. But what Fast Five loses in computer imaging, it makes up for with hardcore driving.  The ultimate chase scene in the movie is far from what you've seen in other heist flicks, and is sure to please even the pickiest of action junkies.  That's not to say that Fast Five is Oscar-quality, of course.  To truly enjoy this film, you have accept in advance that this isn't Shawshank Redemption.  While much of the cast have experience in film and television, the majority serve up averageacting at best.  I'm a huge fan of Vin Diesel's movies (Pitch Black FTW), but he looks all of his 44 years in this film, and his acting ability hasn't improved much.  While he and Paul Walker both are well-suited for action flicks, don't expect profound performances from either of them.  Diesel is given more of an opportunity to flex his acting chops in Fast Five, with it's emphasis on relationships and heartbreak, but I honestly wasn't too moved.  Dwayne "The Rock Johnson carries the greatest screen presence of the entire cast, giving off an air of intensity that resonates throughout every scene.  But that being said, he wasn't given an opportunity to show off any real range of emotions in the film.  Despite Fast Five having it's fair share of action and suspense, the film does drag on a bit longer than necessary with it's runtime of two-plus hours.  While the film's conclusion is fairly clear, it's also given an open-ending that paves the way for the franchise's sixth effort, and the possible return of a significant character from the series.  Overall, Fast Five is simply a fun watch, a guilty pleasure if you're a fan of heist flicks or action movies in general.  If you're a motor head, you might be a bit let down at the abandonment of the franchise's original formula, though the change still make for a welcome spin on the series.  Definitely give this one a rent, or get the Blu-Ray/DVD combo to own one of the better movies in the series.
 For the money the blue ray DVD combo is awesome. And it really is a great movie I enjoyed it
 It was a decent movie. Not sure if all the hype had me expecting more. For the most part, it's an action packed flick with some cool rides. Liked the twists and turns in the storyline and the ending after the credits. Can't wait to see what happens next.
 Michael Bay could learn a few tricks from Justin Lin who directs his 3rd franchise hit.  Lin brings back Vin Diesel as Dom who is clearly in charge of the operation once set free from a prison transport bus in the dynamite opening sequence.  Most of the usual crew is back including Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster.  They and a few others end up in Rio.  Once there, needing money, they hook up with a local crime mob to heist a few high end cars.  This sets up another remarkable stunt sequence that is as exciting as those usually reserved for James Bond movies.  Before I get too gushy about the movie, let's get one thing clear.  It is implausible, improbable, and perhaps even impossible.  The acting isn't all that great, the plot is stupid and the science behind some of the stunt work ain't there.  Yet, after being drawn in during the first 20 minutes, you're hooked. You will also see some of the best stunt driving ever.  I've said it before and I'll say it again.  Park your brain and settle in for the ride.  This is the best of the "Furious films...by a long shot.
 Great movie and be sure to watch the race between Dom and Brian when the credits roll, there's an interesting clip right after it.
 I really liked this sequel even more than the original and the other sequels so far because the scenery in Brazil and the music were so amazing. Also, I loved to see The Rock and Vin Diesel doing the action scenes together, BUT I felt they got a little too carried away with breaking walls in the fight scene. The cars and the driving were great, of course; and then the little teaser at the end was a welcomed surprise. Looking forward to the next sequel. 
 It may be the best in the series...so far. This really is an ultra macho action movie. Good chases, fights, shootouts, and of course extremely expensive ultra fast cars doing all sorts of crazy things (amazingly w/ very few pedestrians or traffic). They blended a lot of the actors from the previous movies into this one. I enjoyed the Rock's character (Luke Hobbs), he played a real bad ass here and Vin as always plays the group's leader, the deep voiced, muscled up tough guy Dominic "Dom Toretto. This film really makes the police in Rio de Janeiro look foolish and corrupt. Do they really drive those suped-up dodge charger police interceptor cars there? Somehow I doubt it. Apparently every city has an underground race club behind fences w/ hot girls that race thru the streets for "pinks (a car's title). I don't know, I never see them. It's interesting they named the movie fast five rather than the fast and the furious 5. Anyways, it was a good action "guy movie". The downtown streets & bridge scene w/ Dom & O'Conner is killer. The guy who played the bad guy, Joaquim de Almeida, was also very good in his role. Very cool ending as well, although I wish they showed the final race instead of cgi everything. If you watch past the first few seconds of the credits they show a teaser for the next movie (scheduled may 2013) where apparently Michelle Rodriguez's character "Letty is alive, Eva Mendes' character returns as well.
 "The guys we're after are professional runners. They like speed and are guaranteed to go down the hardest possible way so make sure you've got your funderwear on. We find 'em we take 'em as a team and we bring 'em back. And above all else we don't ever, ever let them get into cars.  After breaking Dominic (Diesel) out of the jail bus Brian and him move to Rio to start a new life of robbing and stealing.  After Brian gets news that makes him want to stop running the team decides to pull off one last heist.  I have never been a real big fan of the series.  They are good but have mostly been "I have car...I go fast.  The fourth one was the best because it actually had a story to it.  Then I saw this one.  Far and away the best of the series so far.  For those that watched them for the racing I should warn you, there is only one scene in this one.  This one was more in the style of "Oceans 11 then a "Fast & Furious movie.  I'm not sure if the sixth one they are making is needed, but like all movies lately they will make them until they make one too many...then the remakes start.  That reason aside this is a very fun and exciting heist movie very much worth watching.  Overall, I surprisingly liked it a lot and highly recommend this.  I give this a B+.  Would I watch it again? - I think I would, I can't say that about the other four.  *Also try - Fast & Furious 1-4 & Takers
 The Fast and the Furious franchise seems to be getting better with age. The first on was a good movie. Then the second one came out which was average at best than Toyko Drift came out and that was just plan terrible. I considered the franchise dead after that but then I saw Fast and the Furious and it gave life to the franchise. It's rare to see a franchise getting better with age. Usually Things start to go down hill after the second movie of a franchise. From the Lethal Weapon movies, to the Terminator movies and of course all of the horror genre. So it's surprisingly rare for a franchise to survive the test of time and you wouldn't expect this franchise to be one of them and Fast Five might be the best movie of them all.  Fast Five has a above average story. Starting almost directly after the first one. The overall story is about the core group trying to find a way out of the endless running from the law and family. There's another plot about a drug lord and a missing computer chip but it isn't very good. That shouldn't matter to most simply because you don't go to see this type of movie for a amazing story and great acting. You coming to see the great action, cool cars, and hot women. You get plenty of all three in this. Still I'd say this is the best story of all the movies since the first one.  The acting ok but look at the actors none of the are great actors and none of them are going to win Oscars in their acting career. Still all the actors from Paul Walker to Tyrese Gibson to Sung Kang to Dwayne Johnson aka THE ROCK are having a good time and have great chemistry which makes up for the acting.  Now for what everyone goes to these movies for the action. Which is mind blowing. From a scene where a group steal cars from a moving train. Another was a on foot chase in slums of Brazil(Which the movie was filmed and is beautiful.) where Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel go one on one in one of the one one action scenes you'll see with out CGI. Finally there's the climax which I won't say anything about but will blow you away.  Also there is a scene after the main credits that will imply what the inevitable next movie will be about.  Overall this is the best of the franchise with great visuals and action and a above average story and decent acting.
 The Fast and the Fiveous is a high octane thrill ride that speeds along at a frantic pace, leaving plot and character in the dust. But that's ok, because all we care about is who wins the race. The movie gets into gear with the opening scene and never lets up. Sure, it's low quality. I know, the writing is bad and the characters' choices make no sense. And yes, watching Vin Diesel try to smile is a painful experience. But in the end, you'll find the whole thing stupidly entertaining.  In fact, it was so stupid that my brain sort of shut off while I was watching and I'm having serious trouble coming up with anything useful to say. Did I already mention that Vin Diesel fights The Rock? Basically, if that sounds good to you, you're gonna love this movie. Otherwise, steer clear. But if you feel like reading on, be warned that my mind is not firing on all six cylinders. Five Fast Five Furious picks up where the last one left off (as if anyone's keeping track), with Dom (Vin Diesel) in jail. It takes all of 30 seconds for some stunt driving to flip the prison transport bus he's on, sending Dom twirling towards freedom--and man does it flip, over and over and over and over, until it comes to its final resting place. Boom
 I was alittle bummed that it didn't come in a purple blue ray case even though it is a blue ray/dvd combo, it comes in a dvd case. Thats the only reason why I gave it 4 stars, the movie was a 5 star.
 Great addition to the Fast and Furious movies. Bringing The Rock into the series was a great move and I can't wait to see him in another sequel. Awesome action and good story.
 movie rocks...digital download takes FOREVER....thanks universal for saving a couple dimes on cd discs...i'm gonna send you the bill for the 17+hrs required to download this bad boy
 i say this movie was the best one out of all of the others. this movie have less racing but more explosions and fighting so if you like seeing things blow up you probably like this movie. what i didn't like was they exaggerated on some of the stunts.
 Lots of action, decent plot, all the stars back from the other movies, what more could you ask for? They set it up nicely for the 6th installment also. Looks as though Letty will be back also which would be good. Eva Mendez looks to be reprising her roll as well in the 6th installment. If they keep putting out good movies like this keep it going.
 I remember seeing the first one and being wowed by it. I was just a kid, so of course it was something for me. I was 10 and saw it with a few friends and loved it. However I can't recall being impressed with a single sequel since then. Especially the puke fest that was "Tokyo Drift". 2 Fast was boring as hell and FAF seemed very slow and unfocused.  So I didn't expect much from this movie... and all I can say is WOW.  This movie was actually not bad for once. I can't believe for the first time I am able to say I enjoyed a TFATF sequel.  The plot isn't anything original or groundbreaking- but the movie is well aware of it, and just piled on the action. That said, even the unoriginality was entertaining- the setting of Rio, a mob boss' money, the robbery of the money, etc.  The action is intense and involving- I hated the shaky camera and quick cutting in movies 2-4, so this was much needed. Furthermore, the finale, where two cars transport a bank vault (not ridiculous enough for you?) was incredibly fun, as was the shootout and roof-jumping scene.  The humour was evident- the script was like Aaron Sorkin wrote an action movie. I loved the scene where the bomb goes off in the toilet pipes, causing a rain of poop in all the stalls, as was the police car racing scene, etc. Great balance of humour and action.  The cast was great too- Vin was his usual cool self, but gotta say, Tyrese Gibson stole the show!!! I loved how he said "Say What? at every impossible situation. The Rock was fantastic as well- I was looking forward to seeing him in it, and he did a fantastic job.  My one complaint was that the movie was a smidge too long- maybe 10 minutes should have been trimmed, but ah, what the hell I had fun.  You know what... give the crew a cookie, they did a good job with this movie, they made it fun and entertaining, and therefore even if you hate the franchise, the movie stands out on its own well.
 Most movie franchises, by the time they reach the fifth entry, have lost a lot of the original luster.  This is one of the excpetions.  There is nothing particularly new--the characters are still on the wrong side of the law, they still do things with cars most of us wouldn't dare to dream about and they look good while doing it.  The new wrinkle in this one is The Rock--excuse, Dawyne Johnson--as a super Fed hot on their tails after they get wrongly accused for the murders of some federal agents.  But rather than running, the crew decides to pull "one last job so they can retire".  None of this is original, and plot and logic errors abound, but they still manage to put together a very enjoyable film, especially the third act, which gives us the most vehicular mayhem seen since <a href="http
 As understood, nice police officers had justice taken in their hands by stealing voult of not nice guys from a storage.  Near a sci-fiction story with blood, murdering and questionable moral.
 Just got out of the theater & I must say- This movie ROCKS!!! Great Plot/Story Line... A lot better than the last 3... This movie is full of Thrills, Action, Drama & great sound!!! The special effects are AWESOME, but not too over the top!!! It was a Huge Bonus bringing the Originals back!!! All of the original actors fit their roles perfectly & the Dwaye Johnson fit his new role great! He added a lot of Intensity & his usual Flair... He also brought extra action in a Fantastic Fight scene with Deisel... Muscle vs Muscle!!!  There is some Racing like usual, but this installment has a lot better story & is more of COMPLETE movie... Paul Walker & Diesel didn't miss a beat with there on screen chemistry like they had in the First movie in the series!  The Chase Scene at the end of the movie is the BEST CHASE SCENE since The Elanor Chase Scene in the Gone In Sixty Seconds movie with N.Cage!  Also, just like usual many people left when the end credits came on, but if you stay through the credits,  you will be rewarded with a nice little SURPRISE!!!  I give this movie an A & would recommend going to see it on the Big Screen!!! I might just go and see it again!!!  Thanks for reading my review!
 I only went to see this in theatres because friends where going, and I had nothing better to do. I expected this to be just another installment of the Fast & Furious franchise of movies, with a few drag races for pink slips, a brush with the law, and a few action scenes... and yes, that all was in this one, too... but there was so much more that I was not expecting to happen, and by end of this film I was glad I had gone to see it.  The movie kicks off right where the last left off. Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) is broken free from his jail sentence with the help from Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) who has now instantly gone from a cop to a wanted criminal. They head down to South America and cook up a scheme to make a few bucks to start a new life. So the plot doesn't sound like much, they never really did before, did they? But I can assure you that the movie has some great action scenes, and not just involving the cars this time. Now that Brian is a wanted man, Dwayne "The Rock Johnson is added to the franchise as a special forces (CIA?) cop named Hobbs. The Rock seemed too buff for the role, and seemed to be overacting the stereo typical role of the muscle buffed military style leader who will not take no for an answer, but he didn't take away from the acting anymore then Vin Diesel does... ok, enough bagging the acting, because it's been no better in any other one of these movies... so why am I saying this movie is rated 3 and a half to 4 stars? The ACTION! Some of the chase scenes in this movie are the best I have seen in years, even fans of car chases in James Bond and Death Race should enjoy the ones occurring in this movie, or in particular, the closing few minutes of the movie. It really came as a surprise to me, as the movie kind of started off with action, then had some more action, then got a little boring with all the sentimental characters manly love for each other, then in the end all of a sudden ....BOOM!!!!... and I wondered to myself "Where did that come from?". It seemed like something fans of Oceans 11 (the remake) would love. A cleverly put together little plot that is full of twists, turns, explosions, crashes and a whole vault of excitement.  I don't know if everyone will agree with me, but this Fast & Furious, for me, is the best of the whole series. I definitely recommend you see this, if you enjoy the types of movies I mentioned, and this will sure be a DVD/BlueRay disc or two worth purchasing in a few months time.  The reason I can't give it 5, isn't because of The Rock or Vin Diesel trying to out-do each other for an Academy Award, but because a few scenes in the middle needed to be trimmed down, and the final scenes after the awesome car chase needed to be shortened way down... the whole "where are they now"/ "And they lived happily ever after things shouldn't go on for as long as they do in this. But apart from that, if you do see this, expect to see one of the best car chase scenes in a movie... EVER!  Update
 This is one of my favorite musicals of all time featuring Julie Andrews as a brunette nanny who turns everyday activities into magical ones and helps a family remember their love for each other.
 This DVD set arrived quickly, and upon review, proved to be a most fine rendition of this 40-year-old film! I will watch this perdiodically, and enjoy it over and over again for a long time to come!  Thank you!
 This is an excellent movie for children and also the not so young...good family entertainment... our grandchildren (2---9yrs)Just love the movie and sing the songs when in the car etc... only downside!!! they now ask for the spoon full of sugar  if they have to take some medicine...lol lol...all in all a great movie that has not dated...no crash,bash or violence... just wonderful family fun movie....young ones just love it...
 This movie was purchased as a gift from my girlfriend to one of her buddies and she loves it.my girlfriend and her buddie both love disney flicks.
 For some reason, MARY POPPINS is a movie I have avoided through the years. I knew many of the songs and references to the film, but I never had a desire to see it. It seemed like it would be silly and cliche. Finally, I took the leap and began watching MARY POPPINS. For a while, I was sure I had been right through the years. Who cares about the Banks family and the cold and aloof Mr. Banks and the rather scattered Mrs. Banks? Because Julie Andrews literally lights up the screen as Mary Poppins, I kept watching. Her remarkable voice is a true gift and I could start putting songs I have heard into context. Enter Dick Van Dyke as the seriously miscast Bert. His fake Cockney accent was irritating and I just could listen to his voice. The story chugs along in its silliness. Then something truly magical takes place. The story and the characters come together and in my opinion, it begins when they make an emergency visit to the "ailing Uncle Albert played by the one and only Ed Wynn. Uncle Albert's illness? He loves to laugh and the more he laughs, the more weightless he becomes and he floats to the ceiling. His joyous laughter becomes infectious and soon Bert and the kids are floating with laughter much to the chargin of Mary Poppins. Here was the turning point and the rest of the film seemed delightful. Walt Disney's mix of live action and animation was ahead of its time. He was always the innovator and I can only imagine how the eyes of young children lit up seeing this magical spectacle on the big screen in 1964. Long before computer animation, special effects were created by hand. Dick Van Dyke's dance with animated penguins is a charmer. It's Van Dyke's physical comedy that fills the screen. Forget his fake cockney accident, just relish with delight his long-legged rubbery figure as he cheefully makes his  way across the screen. There could not have been another actress more perfect for the role of Mary Poppins as was Julie Andrews..lovely and young and beautiful, her songs are full of life and zest. No nonsense "practically perfect Mary Poppins puts on a serious face but you know she loves the Banks children and her roll in bringing the family together. Stern Mr. Banks melts into joy with his children and Mary Poppins brings the family together. We never know why Mary Poppins has magical powers. Even Bert seems to have magic in him. Mary flies over the streets of London with her open unbrella. She makes it all look effortless. MARY POPPINS was off to a slow start with me and I went with the flow and was led into a delightful fantasy. Everyone needs a Mary Poppins in their life!
 Of course, what do you expect when you watch Mary Poppings.  It was just as it has always been and will always be.
 For its time, this was a creative movie, and they managed to merge the animation in with the live-action scenes pretty well. Keep in mind that this is quite different from the book in some ways, but to be honest, the book is a bit bland compared to the movie. The film has more color, more fantasy, it's pretty awesome, and Julie Andrews does a simply wonderful job as Mary Poppins.
 The three most most purely astounding things about this 45th anniversary release of Mary Poppins on DVD is how very, very good it looks and sounds, how very young Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke both look - and how terribly shaky his grasp on his Cockney accent really was. In one of the lavish assortment of additional features and interviews, Mr. Van Dyke has sufficient confidence and self-deprecating humor to laugh about this.  In watching "Mary Poppins as an adult, I was also struck by how very much it was a musical showcase for the two stars, a series of elaborate and episodic set-pieces strung together upon the barest thread of plot
 This is the first Disney film released after I was born.  I got into this film because of the music.  It is perfect!!  Both Julie Andrews &amp; Dick Van Dyke were perfect in their roles.  Notice I use the word perfect as it was in the film.  Glad there are extras on the disc, surprising. ...
 Forty years old and still practically perfect in every way! Even at 2hr.s, 20 min. "Mary Poppins remains Walt Disney's crowning technical and artistic achievement; an effervescent eclectic blend of animation/live action and special effects that idyllically encompasses P.L Travers' enchanting best seller. Julie Andrews' London stage performance in `Camelot' so impressed Disney that he immediately began talks to secure her talents for his film. By the time shooting began, Andrews was playing Eliza on stage in `My Fair Lady'. That she was casually looked over for the lead in the film version of that play remains a mystery. But Lady's loss was Poppin's gain.  Andrews delights in the title role as the too good to be true nanny with just enough playful larceny lurking beneath her properly quaffed locks and bonnet. She arrives to take charge of the Bank's household and whip them into shape; wife Winifred (Glynis John), husband George (David Tomlinson) and their two children, Michael (Matthew Garber) and Jane (Karen Dotrice). Seems Jane and Michael have been giving the previous nannies a hard time. Actually, they're just a pair of lonely kids who desire the love and attention of their stoic dad. A lowly chimney sweep, Bert (Dick Van Dyke) helps provide Mary and the children with one of those supercalafragalisticexpialadocious bits of escapism set to magic; a fantastic frolic in the country complete with carousel ride, fox hunt and horse races. Yikes, tally-ho! There's so much to admire and celebrate in this perennial classic that it's best left to the home viewer to pop this one in for a jolly holiday of a good time!  Disney's deluxe, 2-disc DVD is a genuine treat. At long last, anamorphically enhanced for widescreen televisions, the transfer is generally quite smooth and solid for image quality that will surely please. Colors are rich and vibrant. Blacks are solid and deep. Whites are generally clean. Occasionally there is a hint of age related artifacts as well as some minor pixelization that breaks apart some of the background information, but these distractions are kept to a bare minimum. The audio is a brand new, and very engaging, 5.1 mix for the home theatre aficionado. Extras include the all new 50 min. documentary on the making of the film that is quite comprehensive. There's also some self congratulatory audio commentaries and `A Musical Journey' with composer, Richard Sherman. The rest of the extras are typical Disney catering to the tot's fanfare; a trivia game, special effects junket and some music video and short subject stuff. All in all this is a very nicely packed special edition from the Disney stable and one that's been long overdo. So get out your umbrella or go fly a kite; because "Mary Poppins is shear magic for the young and young at heart!
 Mary Poppins is a Walt Disney classic. Julie Andrews plays the title role and she won an Oscar for her flawless performance. Andrews is pure delight, wish I had a nanny like her as a youngster. Dick Van Dyke is a gem as well, great songs and dance numbers. Mary Poppins is a family treasure to be enjoyed over and over again. I highly recommend it.
 After being passed over for the role of Eliza Doolittle for the film version of MY FAIR LADY (the role she created on Broadway) for the more "loverly but less vocally-skilled Audrey Hepburn, Andrews was recruited for Mary Poppins personally by Walt Disney who offered the role to her on the spot after seeing her in CAMELOT. Once given a chance to prove her screen presence she managed to turn in a number of very memorable and diverse film roles, though she is mostly remembered for her two singing nanny roles, Mary Poppins and Maria von Trapp.  The 40th Anniversary DVD set of MARY POPPINS s chock full of interesting extras--interviews with Andrews and VanDyke, making-of featurettes, a game, etc. I found the black and white archival footage of the Hollywood Premier to be especially fascinating. Although there is nothing critical of the movie, the Disney studios, or Disney the man in these extras--and you do feel a bit manipulated into a sense of awe--MARY POPPINS was a great achievement that took Disney many years to pull off. You can't really begrudge the man his bragging rights. (In the trivia track of the movie, the studio is quick to assert that if the initial box-office take were recalculated based on current ticket prices, MP would be the top grossing film of all time, out-performing THE LORD OF THE RINGS, etc.).  The DVD extras also helped me to understand things about the movie that have always bothered me. The music, though catchy in its own way, is consciously composed based on elements of the British music hall which I think accounts for their slightly cold, alien quality (As an American unconsciously influenced by African-American and jazz idioms, I think my ear naturally craves minor chords and more complex rhythms). Also, the featurettes reveal that the books the movie was based on were really a collection of amusing stories rather than novels with beginnings, middles and ends. It was the Disney writers who consequently had to provide the overarching story line. And in bizarre and typical Disney fashion (who in their 50s today was not traumatized by the death of Bambi's mother? or Dumbo's separation from Jumbo?), it pivots on child abandonment issues. I remember seeing MP 40 years ago and being very upset by how blithely Mary floated out of the children's lives after having worked her magic--no promise to send post cards, visit once a year on their birthdays, or attend their graduations. True, she functioned as a catalyst in the life of the children's family and was responsible for turning the neglectful, business-obsessed father and women's-suffrage-obsessed mother into caring and attentive parents, but that does little to offset the bittersweet sadness of seeing Mary lift off and float out of the young children's lives forever. I remember thinking at the time, "She was just pretending to like the kids all along. Looking after them was just a job for her. How cold!  The true achievement of MARY POPPINS, however, was the way Disney combined animation with live action, something we probably take for granted today. Perhaps because it was harder to do this "back then", such sequences were well thought out in MP and never seem gratuitous. To those people who don't like to be shown "how it's done and want to preserve the mystery, I would say, just ignore the "extras disk. But I found the "how to stuff fascinating--especially Ed Wynn's laughing tea party scene and the phenominal chimney sweepers rooftop dance number.  The Anniversary edition of MARY POPPINS is worth the purchase price. You'll find yourself watching the movie AND the extras disk many times over.
 My 2 year old son and I love the film.  Nevertheless, this DVD is in widescreen "letterbox format, not anamorphic format like the description says.  For those of you who care, this DVD is *not* enhanced for 16x9 televisions.  Maybe the Platinum Edition will be?  Let's hope!
 I first saw this film in the theater, on it's premiere.  If I'm not mistaken, it was a very early multiplex in Los Angeles.  Of course I was captivated.  I saw it again, over the years, on T.V., "Wizard Of Oz style, with commercials, although the ads never seemed to attach themselves to film the way they did with the "Wizard", where I can still identify the scenes where the commercials are due.  Then, as I grew up, and older, I aquired a more jaded view of "Mary Poppins", and ignored it for more than a decade.  And, fairly recently, I happened upon "Mary Poppins on T.V., and realized that my memories were not accurate.  It was not the repulsive '60s musical, ala "Sound Of Music", with the obnoxiously blonde, dreadfully perfect, aryan, children; but a wonderfully escapist piece, with bytes of subversiveness, referring to suffragettes, and a woman's place in Edwardian society, and what they were doing about it;  a subversiveness that "SOM completely lacked, even with it's much darker Nazi overtones.  Can I strangle those brats with the drapes, now?  But lately, in watching the film, I notice that Cherry Tree Lane was all too awfully, a harbinger of the banal suburban housing tracts that dominate our lost farmlands and suburban sprawl, today.  One can see the imprimatur of Disneyland, and Disneyland Culture, all over this film, except that, when it debuted, this clarion call was not a part of the film that any, but the most clear headed, and most strident activists would have picked up.  Oh my.  But don't let that deter you, this is a wonderful film.  This is a product from an era when Disney was a film maker, and not the metaphor of all that went wrong with American society.  It was, after all,  our fellow Americans that took the message to heart, and made a mess out of it.  Don't let them screw it up for you.  I highly recommend this film for escapist entertainment, and I won't even feed a pidgeon, even in the company of children! (They're wild animals, like the Parrots of Telegraph Hill, and Chicago...)  This is a fine film.  Watch it.
 when i got the movie it was broken they called me when i left a review and asked what was wrong and they fixed the problum they are a good compiny!
 The price was fair.  Works fine and arrived on time.  I'm happy with it. This is extra text to meet the stupid minimum requirements from Amazon.
 Our daughter is 4 and she enjoys this movie.  She loves songs and we thought Mary Poppins would be a great movie to watch.  For example, she also loves Sound of Music songs.  To be fair, its hard to maintain the attention of a 4 year old and she doesn't quite get the whole story, so after a couple of attempts, we just use the section of the DVD that plays only the songs.  Its like a video jukebox.  I think when she is older, she can appreciate the story more but the dancing and singing sequences are still very entertaining.  They are dated but still classic.
 First let me say that I like this movie. I'm British by birth so I am duty bound to deduct one star for the most unsuccessful attempt at a British accent ever to be immortalized on film. It shows how much the standard of acting has improved when you hear the flawless British accents of actors like Rene Zellweger or Johnny Depp. Dick Van Dyke simply can't do a British accent and should never have been cast in the part. There was a British actor/singer at the time called Tommy Steele, who already had an impressive stage and screen resume and who would have been perfect in the role. However, he was overlooked for the bigger name (in the US) of Van Dyke. Ironically, Julie Andrews was passed over a year earlier for the movie of 'My Fair Lady' for the non-singing, but better-known, Audrey Hepburn (whose cockney accent was almost as bad as Van Dyke's). Andrews showed what a mistake that was by winning an Oscar for this film. However, that quibble aside, this is a joyous, entrancing movie.  The funny thing I referred to in the title of this review is that in most movie adaptations of books, like say the Harry Potter series, angry reviewers spend much time and energy complaining that the movies don't follow the books. Hardly anyone (I did find one such review) says that about 'Mary Poppins', even though the movie bears little resemblance to the book and, in particular, the character of Mary Poppins is completely changed.  Personally, I've never felt that movie adaptations need to follow the books on which they were based. Movies are a totally different medium and the only criterion should be whether the movie works as a movie. In that respect, 'Mary Poppins' works admirably.
 A delightful movie the whole family will enjoy. July Andrews sure did earn her Academy award.
 I can never remember.  Julie Andrews sang a little song about "pouring out when this first came out, but Disney cut most of the running tea gags on re-release -- so the whole teapot etiquette scene on Uncle Albert's ceiling is missing.  Maybe Juan Valdez slipped Mickey a little something under the table?  Dick Van Dyke's ersatz cockney accent seems to have aged severely over the decades, although Uncle Albert is now clearly bipolar.  Four stars.  If Eisnerville ever re-releases the original, with the tea jokes intact, it might be a five again.
 The DVD came in perfect condition and it came almost right away.  What more could a person ask for?
 It took me 40 years before I finally saw this film, in December 2004 shortly after it had come out with a two-disc DVD. After the first half hour I thought, "Wow, I can see why this is such a beloved movie but after that it started to lag in a number of areas and the songs were just too numerous. It seemed to go on way too long.   Yet, it's a good film worthy of anyone's collection and the DVD transfer is very good
 This was the first Disney movie released after I was born.  The music did it for me &amp; the musical numbers.  Not the best, other wise the movie was too long.
 I did it.  I bought a Disney movie -- I mean a kids-oriented one.  And then... I actually showed it to my kids (first I watched it again, just to make sure).  This is so totally out of character for me, that it *does* deserve a gasp of surprise.  Because Disney.  DISNEY!  No positive male role-models DISNEY!  Every male character is a fool, a tool, a slob, or a villain DISNEY!  Forget about little boys, because only girls are celebrated DISNEY!  And yes, I still think that is the case for Disney.  And I wonder who all those little girls will grow up to marry, when all the boys are fools, tools, slobs, or villains.  But Julie Andrews.  JULIE ANDREWS!  Mary Poppins!  So I cracked.  And I bought it.  And I had a few twinges on my view-through -- the put-down of men as "rather stupid in Mrs. Bank's first number; and the presumption that Mr. Banks' flying a kite with his children was somehow MORE valuable than his daily providing for them (I do appreciate the value of kite-flying, just not the value judgment); and the idea that the kids will respect a nanny who is sweet and pretty, but not one who smells weird.  But I went ahead and showed it to the kids, and I'm so glad, because we have been singing the songs like crazy and laughing a lot.  The absolute fantasy of it is marvelous, and the songs are beautiful.  I like how Bert treats Mary.  I like how straight Mary is, as though she isn't magical, when she clearly is.  Very nice.  Now I'm wondering about Bedknobs and Broomsticks.  Would anyone be so kind as to enlighten me about whether that one is as good?  Thanks!
 First Of All, Disney Did Mary Poppins A Dishoner in my opinion. They put out a Disney Enhanced Home Theater Mix That Does Nothing To Enhance The Sound but add a bunch of reverb in the rear speakers and actually muddles the sound in my opinoin. Then they went and sweetened the sound effects by adding sounds that weren't in the original movie audio track. This is a no no! You don't Tamper with the original sound. All the sounds you hear must be faithful to the original film nothing added and nothing taken away. The original 2 channel audio track is the best sounding audio track on this release. Now if you still want my opinion, an earlier release of the film called the Mary Poppins Gold Classic Collection that was released in the 90's had the best audio track on it. Why disney didn't include this track I don't know but all the sounds were seperated and placed in individual speakers and no sweetening or reverb was added to the sound. Only this Gold Classic 90's Version of The release did not have 16x9 enhanced widescreen. Oh the film was presented in it's original widescreen but not enhanced to fit a widescreen TV. So as a consumer you are better off with the 40th anniversary edition. And one note, go into the audio settings and change the audio to the original 2 channel stereo and you'll get much better sound over the other choices unfortionatly. Not 5.1 surround but its better than the other 2 disney enhanced home theater mixes. Plus one more thing Disney did a dishoner with was removing the original Buena Vista Fanfare at the beginning of the movie in the 40th and 45th Anniversary Editions. Shame On you Disney. This release is not practically perfect in every way!
 No doubt this is a fantastic movie. Ask anyone. But there's one thing about this production that makes me want to break the disc over my knee
 At one point near the beginning of "Mary Poppins", the character of Bert, played by Dick Van Dyke, looks upwards at the heavens and contemplates aloud, "Winds in the east, mist coming in, like somethin' is brewin' and bout to begin. Can't put me finger on what lies in store, but I fear what's to happen all happened before. Yes Bert...the winds carry the stench of "Revolution". Che Poppins, affixing urban camoflauge paint to her face in a cloud not far overhead, only needs the wind to change direction before she officially brings her own brand of childcare carnage to the big screen.  We're soon introduced to the Banks family, living in the upscale suburbs in turn of the century London, England. Dad is a capitalist and entrepreneur, battling daily doses of smog, mutinous home workers, and a wife deeply involved in an underground anti-government organization, all the while bringing home the bacon and trying to keep his home ship-shape (his neighbor takes that phrase to a whole new level). But Papa Banks also has two impressionable offspring, both intent on driving their daycare workers to the brink of madness. They too have demands, which they list clearly on a manifesto brought forth and read aloud to the governing parties of the house regarding any future nannies
 Jane and Michael Banks (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber) don't want another strict, unfriendly nanny. Their father (David Tomlinson), a banker, believes that they need discipline and strict guidance. Their mother (Glynnis Johns), a leader of the Women's Suffragette movement, seems to agree with the children, but can't really say so. The next morning, Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) arrives and takes the job, based on an advertisement the children wrote. Soon, she is leading the children in song, displaying her magical spells and clearly enchanting the children in each and every way. She introduces the children to Bert (Dick Van Dyke), a street performer who seems to have some history with Mary and they are off on a magical journey.  "Mary Poppins", released in 1964, represented a magical blend of live action and animation that, at the time, was technologically very advanced. Disney just released a 40th Anniversary DVD, complete with a second disc of interesting extras.  Watching the film again, I was struck by how rudimentary the special effects seemed. Then, remembering that this film was made in 1964, these same special effects became charming and wholly fitting for the story. The story is told through the eyes of the Banks children, and the use of these special effects helps to put us in their shoes. The story is set in Victorian England and it seems completely realistic that children in this era would see toy soldier marching into a toy box (stop motion), jump into a chalk drawing (2D animation) and watch their nanny sing to a bird (animatronics). The outdated look of these effects serves the point of view of the story beautifully and adds to the charm of it. We actually get a feeling that we are looking at a picture book as we watch the film. I can't even imagine how slick and uninviting the same film would be if it were made today, with CGI special effects coming out of the woodwork.  Yes, the film is very saccharin at times, but this helps to define the viewpoint of the children as well. The story is told through their eyes. The struggles of their mother to win `the vote', their father's troubles at the bank, life in England at the turn of the 20th Century, are not going to be delved into too deeply. The children don't know about these problems. If the film started dealing with the mother's attempts to lead the suffragette movement, for instance, the viewpoint and the story would become off-balance.  One of the most delightful things about "Mary Poppins is the musical score containing many classic songs.  I've seen this film, or parts of it, dozens of times over the years. I think that even if you have seen it only once or twice, you probably remember many of the songs. "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", "Step In Time", "Spoonful of Sugar", "Jolly Holiday and "Perfect Nanny are all songs that I remember, and I can even sing a couple of lines for most. The true mark of a good Broadway musical is that you leave the theater humming the tunes. The same holds true for a musical film. All of the best musicals remain classics because we remember the songs. The Sherman Brothers created a great score of music and songs all of which served to enhance and supplement the story.  Watching the DVD, the second disc contains a making of documentary, a musical reminiscence with Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke and the surviving Sherman brother, a new animated short with Julie Andrews taking her grandchildren into a new chalk painting where they meet "The Cat That Looked Like A King and more. There is also a brief featurette showing how the live action photography of Van Dyke and Andrews walking along the path for the "Jolly Holiday number and the live action photography of "Step in Time was superimposed with animation. While watching the making of documentary, I learned an interesting fact. Disney wanted the film to look like a Broadway play. All of the sets were fabricated on sound stages, adding to the idealized look of the entire film. "Chimpanzoo", a deleted song is also included. Sung by Richard Sherman and illustrated by story boards for the deleted sequence, presumably, it would have been part of the "Jolly Holiday number. It is probably better that it was left out of the film.  There are a lot more features on the second disc, too many to list. As is the case with the best Disney DVDs, it appears that they have included everything they could get their hands on. This makes the DVD a must-have for film scholars and collectors. Essentially, the best Disney DVDs are encyclopedias on the making of the films. Filmmakers, enthusiasts and scholars have the opportunity to learn so much from these DVDs, even if a lot of the material is sugar-coated.  This is Julie Andrews's first film. Before this, she appeared on Broadway and in a television version of "Cinderella". It is a truly remarkable, accomplished performance, amazing for someone acting in their first film. Andrews brings just the right blend of friendship, guidance and stern leadership to the role. Hand in hand as she enchants the children, she appears slightly annoyed at various points. And what is the relationship between her and Bert? These are questions left unanswered by the film, thankfully. If they were to remake this film, the filmmakers would probably feel it necessary to make her a former barmaid or tarted up boozer, make her back-story more explicit.  Dick Van Dyke was a more established star at the time. His television show was in full swing and he had previously appeared in the Broadway and film versions of "Bye Bye Birdie". It might seem strange that a rising star would take what is essentially a supporting role, but I think he made a wise choice. He brings an unabashed enthusiasm to the role which is also very fitting. The entire film is meant to be seen through the eyes of Jane and Michael. Naturally, they would see a character like Bert as the neatest guy in the world. Van Dyke created a role that he will always be remembered for.  "Mary Poppins is a classic. Every spoon full of sugar helps the film remain a classic in each and every way.
 One of Disney's very best musicals, Mary Poppins is an unforgettable children's classic. It combines memorable songs that get stuck in your head with the forward and sarcastic dialogue of the unsurpassable Poppins, and a psychedelic story that employs superbly integrated traditionally animated characters. Part fairy tale, part daydream, and all magic, the sights, songs and laughs propel this Academy Award-winning picture (Andrews took home the Oscar for Best Actress, and the film was nominated for a whopping 13 golden boys - the most of any Disney film) to the top of the lists for the greatest family films ever made.  The story begins with Bert (Dick Van Dyke) playing the role of guide and narrator, ushering the viewer to the home at 17 Cherry Tree Lane (as if inexperienced in the technique, the camera cuts on several occasions during the trip, taking the viewer out of the notion of following Bert). The sixth nanny in four months is about to dash out the door, upset at the constantly preoccupied Winifred Banks and her two misbehaving children who have once again gone missing. When Mr. George Banks (David Tomlinson) comes home, he's furious at the disorder, blames the kids and his wife, and insists upon personally hiring the next nanny. The two children, Jane and Michael, create their own list of requirements for the prospective woman, but George scoffs and throws the paper into the fireplace.  The following morning, dozens of elderly ladies line the front yard, waiting for an interview for the newly open position. But with a powerful gust of wind, the lot of them is replaced by Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews), who descends from the clouds with her umbrella and carpetbag and, mysteriously, the children's list of preferences. Banks is all seriousness and professionalism, but he's no match for the tricky verbal wizardry of Poppins, who not only hires herself, but initially agrees only to a trial run. After dismissing the befuddled man of the house, she slides up the staircase (in a peculiarly reverse Exorcist-like manner) to meet the children, and unpack her empty carpetbag (pulling out a hat rack, mirror, lamp and more).  Poppins uses magic and singing (starting off with the very famous "A Spoonful of Sugar song) to tidy up their room (tables, toys and doors all flap about in another playful scene reminiscent of The Exorcist), and the trio departs for the park. There they meet Bert, who is creating chalk masterpieces on the sidewalk, and with a little more magical help from Mary Poppins, embark on a fun-filled adventure into his artwork - firstly on a jolly holiday in a picturesque English countryside (the kids are curiously absent for the first two lengthy sequences with dancing penguins and barnyard animals) which segues into a merry-go-round horse ride through the park that transforms into a fox hunt and then a derby.  At first it seems that practically perfect (and rather vain) Mary Poppins is there to straighten out the wily kids; as the film progresses it's evident that Mr. and Mrs. Banks are the ones she's there to fix; George is a well-ordered man absorbed with his work, and rarely has time for his children and their unseemly hullabaloo (or the sugary female thinking of his wife), while Winifred is leading women's rights movements - an act contrary to her subservient attitude toward her husband.  A cheerful creativity surrounds the whole film, from the laugh-filled tea party on the ceiling of Uncle Albert's home, to the senile but punctual admiral who commands a ship atop his house, to the tongue-twisting silliness of "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. The songs are some of the best in any of Disney's films, the mixing of traditional animation with the live action characters is fantastic, and Andrews' performance is (spit) spot-on. Although the running time is noticeably lengthy for a family film (the following year's The Sound of Music was, of course, even longer) and the scripting of Poppins changed drastically from the original story by P.L. Travers (for the better), it is one of the most memorable and delightful musicals from Walt Disney - one that hasn't aged and remains universally entertaining.  - Mike Massie
 This third series of Inspector Lynley Mysteries finds Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers (Sharon Small) demoted to Detective Constable on account of her assaulting a fellow officer with a flare gun, as you may recall from "Deception on His Mind", the last film in Series 2. Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) is now a married man, but his wife, Helen Clyde (Leslie Vickerage) is in the background in all but one of the films. As is common to Elizabeth George mysteries, these stories revolve around the sordid secrets of dysfunctional families. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels observe that the Sergeant Havers of the films is essentially a different character than that of the books. The differences are more pronounced in Series 3, as some effort has been made to make Barbara less frumpy with respect to wardrobe and makeup. Inspector Lynley's longer, tousled hair and more laid back attire may or may not increase his sex appeal, but they make him seem less aristocratic.  I find the films in this Series to be about equal in quality, but it is important to watch them in order.  The four films in Series 3 are "In Pursuit of the Perfect Sinner", "A Traitor to Memory", "A Cry for Justice", and "If Wishes Were Horses". The films are each about 90 minutes long. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels will notice that "A Cry for Justice and "If Wishes Were Horses are unfamiliar titles. They're not based on books. Elizabeth George has given the BBC permission to use her characters  in original movies for which she has script approval. Six films not based on her novels have been approved thus far, so we will be seeing at least 4 more of them in the future. For those who are nervous about the direction the films are taking, I quote Elizabeth George from a Washington Post online interview
 I am new to the Inspector Lynley mysteries, and have been hooked on the show since watching the first series via streaming through a movie rental website I subscribe to. I love the brilliant crime stories and the investigative team of DI Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) and DS Barbara Havers (Sharon Small). Each episode is filled with drama, tension, and psychological insights, almost always dealing with flawed individuals who are driven to extreme acts out of desperation, greed, etc.  Series 3 is another excellent series of shows containing four episodes in all. Unfortunately, the packaging for this set is simply awful. The DVDs are crammed into a small DVD box and the manufacturers, for some inexplicable reason, have chosen to place two DVDs on top of each other on either side. I do not see this set as value for money as the way the DVDs are placed in the box will probably result in scratches to the DVDs. In fact, I found the DVDs sliding around the case and at times had difficulty closing the box.  As for the episodes, the DVDs do not state the order in which they are to be watched, except for a description at the back of the DVD case. The episodes are to be watched in the following order
 I love Elizabeth George's books - have read all but two I think. I just finished watching this series on Mystery and just finished reading her new book "With No One as Witness (also good but with an unbelievable twist). Can someone help me? Was "If Wishes Were Horses - the last installment of this Mystery series - a book? Why does it completely contradict the storyline of "Witness"? I don't want to say too much to give away the story lines but if someone could help clear this up for me I'd really appreciate it.
 I love this series of books and have been reading them since they were first published.  I eagerly awaited the series and also enjoy it very much.  Like most adaptations of books into films there are a lot of differences between the books and the series.  Note to previous reviewer gci - I don't believe that there is a book titled If Wishes Were...  The twist that you refer to in the newest book is causing a lot of talk; if you are interested in some of it, I suggest a visit to the author's website at [...].
 I was born and raised in Italy, and I have visited Italy over a dozen times. I still have family and friends living all over Italy, and every time I go back, I always find something new to visit and explore. This incredible collection has introduced me to many locations that I was not familiar with.  Each featured region was beautifully represented with a lot of information about local cuisine, folklore and history. The scenery was perfectly selected in representing the cities and regions.  I have given a 4 1/2 star rating, because two major cities have been excluded from the series. Milan and Venice are two distinctive cities that truly desereved to be included
 I bought this triple BD for little more than $ 10. I like Italy very much and decided to buy it to have a overall view of that country. The video is 1080i, it is not bad, it would be better if it was 1080p of course. I miss the legends or captions, mainly in portuguese, however the narration is very clear and easy to understand even for a not American person. On balance I recommend this BD for its price. You can travel for almost all Italy sat on your own sofa!!!
 Wow three blu ray disks, well done. Limited coverage of prov. of Puglia and some of the larger cities (Venice,Rome,Milan). But still a great buy for the price. This was a TV series.
 Aerial-view is spectacular!  I love the fact it covers so many parts of Italy...from mountains to seasides, from region to region.  I would of given it 5 stars if they could only do walk along paths and if they had a host to interact with the locals...but still it is definitely worth getting for the beautiful aerial scenery!
 This DVD has gorgeous views of Italy.  The one draw back, is that some of the words are written in Italian, and it is hard to make out what the narrator is talking about.  But other than that, it is absolutely breathtaking, and well worth the money.
 I've loved this show since I was a kid! (I'm twenty now) The characters are very colorful and the acting is GREAT! The Aaahh!! Real Monsters series has to be one of the most intelligent and creative cartoons to appear on Nickelodeon. It's ashame that Nick took it off air.  I took off a star only because the VHS was recorded in EP mode. Other than the poor quality, this video is a must have for all Monsters fans.  Pssst...ARM fans
 I can't figure out why in the world this opera isn't done on a regular basis.  The Metropolitan has Dolora Zajick on its roster who has sung the title roll in opera houses all over Europe but not the Met.  Let's get a production going for her before she retires to her farm house in Reno.  As fas as this 1971 production goes, I can't tell if it's in color or black and white with a blue tint. Either way, the picture is grainy. the sets are cheap looking and the lighting certainly wansn't done with video in mind.  On the positive side we have the great Fiorenza Cossotto and the great Alfredo Kraus who make this DVD worth the purchase price.  Their scenes together(especially in acts three and four) are vocal dynamite.  For added excitement and great old fashioned Italian singing we have Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi with Olivero de Fabrities in the orchesta pit.  We may get a better production and picture of FAVORITA in the future, but nothing will surpass ths singing on this disc.
 I agree that the cast in this wonderful performance wasn't that even. However, that unevenness does not really subtract fromt he stupendous performances by Cossotto in the title role 'La favorita' and Kraus in the tenor role of Ferrando. Of the two major supporting roles, Ruggero Raimondi is an adequate friar, if not outstanding. However, Bruscantini as the King really throws much downhill 'relief' to the otherwise sky high level of performance. Put it this way - this performance is an out and out showcase of what 'bel canto' singing is about. Alfredo Kraus proved to be the best exponent of this genre in the mid to late 20th century, and the first decade of the 21st as well. He has more elegance and style than Pavarotti, if not the same prowess. His phrasing and messa di voce really put Pav to shame, if you allow me to say so. And he had a much more pleasing timbre than Juan Diego Florez, and far better nuances and characterisation to boot. In his prime, his high notes were done with far greater ease and smoothness than Florez, as his Act Iv aria 'La favorita de re' amply showed (compared with Florez's French version in the 'Bel Canto Spectacular' Album last year). Then, on the other hand, what non-bel canto singers could 'do' with bel canto works is also amply demonstrated by Bruscantini. Sloppy phrasing, missed notes, inaccurate enunciations, all in all resulting in pitch failures and articulation problems so glaring that one simply had to press the 'fast forward' button to skip the torture. Then in the middle of the road, Fiorenza Cossotto the famous Verdian mezzo, who demonstrates here that she 'knew' what is bel canto and how she could make the best out of it, though not an out and out bel canto expert. She has less of a stage presence than Kraus in that she was unfamiliar with portrayals of famous beauties than the Verdian mezzo characters like Azucena. A spectacular performance in many ways. Discounting the hiccups, still heartily recommended for all bel canto lovers and to anyone interested to know what actually is 'bel canto'. You will fall in love with Kraus and Cossotto.
 I was a bit put off in the beginning with the poor quality of the DVD, the picture seemed to be grainy.  The theater was very dark and you saw very little of the orchestra or the conductor.  But when the singers 'warmed up' you were impressed with the voices.  Donizetti's music, as always is so melodic you can close your eyes, sit back and soar!  The audience was enthusiastic in their applause, prolonged ovations; Leonora was visibly moved to tears after the ovation for one of her arias.  The cast was excellant, choreography for ballet scene was superb.  I was only slightly disappointed with the set direction and the quality of the filming of the DVD.
 Yes, a great performance, the music was beautiful but the quality of the DVD leaves a lot to be desired, the image was blurry and at times looked washed out and the intrusion of the prompter at times drove me to anger, but in spite of everything I am glad that I saw this performance and added it to my collection. Just the joy of hearing Cossotto, Kraus and Raimondi in their prime is worth the price of this item. Warts and all, I highly recommend it. If you are an opera lover you'll enjoy this rarely performed opera.
 By far the best recording I have seen of this, one of Donizetti's most famous operas.  Alfredo Kraus sings an especially fine Fernando.
 Like the third boxed set, a few titles you can live without, but some good movies are in here
 The second DVD James Bond Gift Set is even more oddly made up than the first set.  Perhaps one more Connery entry would have filled the bill (at least the third set will have all John Barry scores!).  And why Pierce  Brosnan's photo is on the box is a mystery - not one of his 3 films are  included here, although as others have mentioned there is a space to put  THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH in the box.  The audio commentaries for THE SPY WHO  LOVED ME and especially MOONRAKER are very disappointing (didn't some of  the first set films have 2 audio commentaryes?), but I cannot praise enough  the John Cork produced commentaries and little documentaries included.  Many Bond fans (myself included) consider ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE  the best film in the series, and it is nice to see it here.  I hope newer  fans who have never seen it give it a chance.  And as for all those other  reviewers - well, everybody has their own opnion, and several people have  come to Bond at different times.  Try not to say something is bad, but  rather that you didn't care for it.  Wouldn't that be more realistic?  After all - we're all fans.
 This isn't released yet, but anyone who has seen any of the Volume 1 giftset knows what to expect.  MGM has done a great job on these 007 DVD, and they demonstrate why DVD is worth owning.  The extra features are  great, and it shows that MGM spent the necesarry time to make a product for  the fans.  I am especially glad  On Her Majesty's Secret Service   is included in this volume.  One word of caution
 This Volume is fairly good, but doesn't deliver the goods as much as Volume one.  Here's how I would rate them from oldest to newest
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas.  He would watch the movies night and day, if I would let him.....  Shipping was fast.
 While I think Vol. 1 had more consistantly good films, Vol. 2 is no pushover.  *While Goldfinger will probably always be my favorite, From Russia with Love is still a great Bond film (with one of the best villians IMHO). While better than Dr. No, this one can be quite boring at times. *You Only Live Twice is one of Connery's weaker Bond films (see also Diamonds are Forever) and you couldn't believe how disappointed I was when Blofeld was revealed (the whole theater went crazy). I never believed for a second that James Bond looked Asian at all. *Diamonds are Forever was a big letdown after OHMSS, and Connery, who was looking too old for Bond at this point, should have stayed out and Lazenby should have stayed. Charles Gray was also a dud after Telly Sevalas perfected Blofeld in OHMSS. *Moonraker was basically a Star Wars knockoff. With all of the hype that came out of SW, Cubby Broccoli tried something new in having Bond go into space. This was actually a decent film up until the last 20 minutes or so. BTW, I can't stand Hugo Drax. *This is where I disagree with the previous reviewer. For Your Eyes Only is one of the best entries in the series, as Bond returns to earth after Moonraker. This is Roger Moore at his best (never lived up to Connery), and while the action is toned down a bit, it has the best Bond girl in Melina. A horrible villian and an annoying kid kept this from being higher on my list. The best Bond song was "For Your Eyes Only by Sheena Easton. *Growing up with Bond, I was initially disappointed when I went to see The Living Daylights. The villians are officially the worst in the series, though having a Bond girl (Kara) that needs to be protected is a nice change for Bond. I have recently grown to appreciate Dalton more, but Licence to Kill (yes that's how it is spelled) is still the better movie. *Pierce Brosnan has been a savior to the Bond series. While Connery will always be my Bond, Brosnan is a close second. The World is Not Enough is a good Bond movie, though not as good as Goldeneye. While the villian (Renard) and the Bond girl (Dr. Christmas Jones), are not up to par, Elektra King really makes this movie. Brosnan returns the ruthlessness that was present in the Connery era (look at Elektra for evidence) and it makes him truly one of the greats. ***Buy this set, and get the third only if you are a true Bond fan (OHMSS and Thunderball are worth it).
 This includes ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. I happened to think this was one of the best bond films ever made. Moonraker is in here where Jaws is reunited with bond. it is a classic collection
 Though the first one was better, the second OO7 giftset holds its own. It re-releases some great films such as Connery's debut in Dr.No but the first one picks better Connery outings with two of his best, Goldfinger and  Thunderball. George Lazenby's On Her Majesty's Secret Service is an  excellent choice however and is better than Tomorrow Never Dies. They made  a mistake in the Moore section, however. They should have put two Moore  films out and two Connery films like last time but instead put or three  Moore films and one Connery. The Moore film choices were weak with the  exception of his best, The Spy who Loved Me. They should have put out  Octopussy and A View To a Kill instead of Moonraker and The Man with the  Golden Gun. As for Brosnan, GoldenEye is excellent but in my opinion isn't  as good as The World is Not Enough. Overall, weaker than the first set but  still good. I can't wait for the next set to come out.
 Great concert! I especially liked that Jorge Luis, one of the vocalists, seems to be very drunk, lol!  The only downside is that it's only 10 songs, so it's short.  If you like La Arrolladora, definitely buy this DVD.  ---------------  Excelente concierto! Me encant&oacute; que el Jorge Luis, uno de los vocalistas, parece estar bien pedo, jaja! Le agrega un no-s&eacute;-qu&eacute;.  Lo &uacute;nico es que se me hizo corto
 I bought this video because I was interested in Pilates and how it could improve my relationship.  It is a very straight forward, easy to follow video that works muscles I didn't realize I had.  The actual workout would be a little easier to follow with some pilates background because it is difficult to hit some of the positions while turning your head to look at the t.v. screen, but practice solves that problem.
 "The Adventures of Robin Hood, starring British actor Richard Greene was broadcast on CBS from 1955 through 1958 and later had a successful run in syndication for a number of years.  The series featured good acting by a variety of British character actors, innovative set design (for its time), and interesting scripts, a number of which were written by blacklisted Hollywood writers like Ring Lardner, Jr. using aliases.  It was also one of the very first series produced in England that aired in the United States and paved the way for the "British Invasion of the Sixties for shows like "Secret Agent (a/k/a "Danger Man"), "The Saint, and "The Avengers, among many others.  While "The Adventures of Robin Hood has had an official release of its first three seasons (of four) in Great Britain, many of the episodes have fallen into "public domain status in the U.S. and, consequently, different episodes from the series have been sporadically released by a variety of companies specializing in public domain material.  Having seen most of these public domain releases of the Robin Hood series that have been released on DVD to date, I can say that Alpha Video's Robin Hood episodes are among the best available on the market at present.  Unlike most of the other Robin Hood DVD releases, the prints used by Alpha are relatively defect-free in terms of scratches, dirt, etc. and audio is fine for a series that is nearly 50 years old.  The prints are clean with mostly solid contrast.  Volume 1 features the series' premiere episode, "The Coming of Robin Hood.  This episode was previously released on a DVD from another company, but was missing about a minute and a half of footage.  Not so with Alpha's print . . . it's complete and uncut.  The other three episodes included on this DVD are all from Season 2 and are making their U.S. debut on DVD.  They are "The Borrowed Baby, "The Final Tax, and "The Ambush.  Perhaps the only negative on this disc is the fact that on one of the episodes, the end credits are incorrect, i.e., they have been spliced in from a different episode, perhaps as a way of including the famous Robin Hood theme song at the end.  My rating is closer to **** for this release.
 Some vintage episodes in this great old series from my youth. Sort of crude by today's standards, but crisp dialog, nifty plot twists, wonderful character developement and a terrific and nefarious collection of villains and rogues. Splendid entertainment for those cold, rainy weekends.  Enjoy a touch of the old days when programs like this were the thing to watch and enjoy.
 THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD was a children's program that ran four seasons on the CBS-TV network. Between September 26, 1955 and November 12, 1960, 143 half-hour episodes aired. This show was unusual for casting-- the same actors appeared in different roles, or different actors were used for recurring characters. The main plot was straighforward enough
 This movie with Gene Autry is a very entertaining film, it offers the standard fare viewers have come to expect from Flying A enterprise, yet the scenery and location shots add much to it.  Cacti are present in many shots, with rolling hills, and boulders all over the place. One of the highlights of the movie has to be that Gene sings "Back In The Saddle while working for the medicine show.  The plot of the movie is fairly simple and straight forward, after being released from prison for a robbery The Apache Kid is trailed by other black hats wanting the money. With Autry on the Kid's trail we know that the Kid (played by Dick Jones) will either be caught or repent. Well both can happen too.  Gail Davis, who became pretty much a standard in Autry enterprises eventually getting her own show as Annie Oakley, is in the movie, as well as Jones, who eventually joined The Range Rider show.  Oh, how I spent my high school years watching all this stuff. Great isn't it?  Action aplenty in this black and white venture, too bad Gene didn't do this one in color, the Arizona background would look great. I'm assuming some scenes were filmed near Old Tucson as there just isn't that much cacti anywhere else in the west.  Best in watching buckaroos.  Semper Fi.
 Graveyard Shift is a wonderful, interesting, vampire movie.  A vampire is a taxi driver who works the night shift.  As he picks up passengers he picks his victims from those who are at the end of their rope.  People, in this case sexy women, who wish to kill themselves.  He turns them into vampires.  They become part of a vampire network which keeps him supplied with blood and gives the women a reason to live.  In other words he turns almost suicides into vampires which is a nice link to folklore vampires.  The problem is he falls in love and screws up what was a pretty nice setup and life style.  The only problem I have is with the DVD.  I have seen the movie before on tape and on the DVD many scenes were either too dark or just too unfocused to see.  It looks like they got as bad copy, which is sad because otherwise it is a good film.  Also, sorry to say, there are no extras outside of some trailers.
 Back near the end of 1998, a video store I was a member of was going out of business and began selling their VHS collection in bulk packages.  20 movies/ $20 grab bag deal.  I bought one and one of the videos was 1987's vampire flick Graveyard Shift (not the Stephen King/ Giant Bat thing).  Back then, I was a sucker for any movie involving vampires (no pun intended).  While revisiting this lost video goodie on DVD, I realize that my new viewing just proves how much my taste in movies has changed in 13 years.  An enigmatic cab driver prowls the streets of LA and always manages to pick up desperate women who are on the teetering edge of suicide.  This is how he picks up his dates. Needless to say, these girls are helpless to resist.  He's good looking.  He's protective.  He's caring.  And he happens to be a 350 year old vampire.  He takes them to the backseat of his suddenly huge cab, has sex with them, and then takes his fill of their blood while giving them the ultimate new lease on eternal life.  This all changes when he meets the troubled wife of a movie producer and falls in love and once he embraces her, Movie Man turns into Van Helsing and the hunt is on.  While not as good as I remember, Central Park Drifter (formerly Graveyard Shift) is still an enjoyable time capsul of bad low budget 80s movie making. The dated music, tv movie of the week style SFXs, lighting, costumes, and very bad hair is what gives this movie it's charm and appeal.  While I don't know any of it's leads, the performances (particularly our leading lady killer) pretty much help elevate it to being more than soft core Red Shoe Diaries gone Fright Night.  It's worth a viewing or two just as long as you don't expect too much or over pay.  Anything over $10 might be a gamble if you haven't already seen it before.
 This was a very popular movie rental under the title "Graveyard Shift back in the 80's. The movie has a combination disco/ Miami Vice feel to it. The Travolta looking lead as well as the sound track gives it that classic 80's feel. Steven is a vampire in NYC who, like all vampires works the Graveyard Shift. Steven senses when women are in their "death cycle at which time he makes them his lover and gives them a nibble. They in turn become vampires, who Steven never calls. He is a cab driver.  There is a subplot involving a woman named Michelle, who directs vampire videos, but apparently not to well. She is also terminal. Steven eventually ends up at a Halloween party at her house. Michelle's husband, who plays the field, is jealous, but Michelle is in love. The women vampires kill their victims. The cops are trying to figure out where the bodies are coming from.  The film uses red and blue lighting to represent heat and cold, hot and cold bodies. Sometimes it is effective, other times it doesn't work and is annoying. The movie also had some erotic nudity, especially one blue-lit scene with Kim Cayer, which was perhaps the main reason for its popularity. They don't even show her scene on the back cover and they should have plastered it on the front. It sold the movie. I think they did themselves a disfavor by re-releasing it under a different title, especially a bad one.  Sex and nudity. Not much blood for a vampire film.
 i really liked this dvd im a big fan of vampire movies ive been wanting this dvd for a long time im glad amazon had it
 Great film. It was recommended by a professor and I was thoroughly glad to spend the time watching it. Even though centered around a smoke shop there is so much more going on that this could be a film shown in classes for a number of reasons.
 One of the best baseball comebacks in history.  Game 6 one of the best games ever.  I do wish this box set included game 5 of the NLDS Cardinal/Phillies game - one of the best pitching duels ever with Chris Carpenter and Roy Halladay.
 I was very eager to show this movie to my friend with English subtitle. Finally I got this DVD and we watched it. The movie is great. The print was good. I have nothing to complain.
 I like this DVD. It's not one of my favorites, but it keeps my heart rate up and it's fun. The workout consists of a warm-up, the 3 step blocks, and a cool-down/stretch. The warm-up is about 13 minutes long, which I think is a bit long for a warm-up. The music is niether intrusive nor does it really pump me up. Sometimes, the instructor forgets she's mirroring the people at home and she instructs you to step on the wrong lead leg, which can be frustrating. The cueing is adequate, but instructor also doesn't call out all the moves all of the time- it's not bad, but it's enough to confuse me a little. The moves are challenging, but not as difficult as Amy Bento's advance step challenge series. Some of the synchopated moves are high impact. I would recommend buying this DVD, I enjoy it. However, it lacks the "wow factor that makes me rate it 5 stars. Don't buy this DVD if you're not an advanced stepper. The workout includes lots of spins and turns and a beginner would get really frustrated. As an aside, the outfits the instructor and her back-up dancers are wearing are horrendous. I find their outfits distracting because they're so ugly.
 This is a must have for all hardcore Jimi fans like myself. However, this is not really one of his best performances. He went on stage at 2AM in the morning, and looks very tired by the middle of the set. He was plagued with  equipment problems, and clearly not happy with his playing on many tunes.  Many of these were new songs,not fully worked out, and it shows. That said,  however, when it clicks, it's Jimi The Master shining through. Red House is  the stand out track,proof that Jimi was a master blues player.Machine Gun  and Voodoo Chile have some stunning soloing as well.  If you are a novice  Hendrix fan, I would recommend you get Jimi at Monterey instead, which is  easily his best filmed performance.
 I join Michael C. Young's complaints concerning the editing of this footage (see his customer review of May 7, 2000).  I can't, however, join his final judgment.  Young's review may be a little misleading.   First, although hefty solos were indeed cut, the cuts are pretty clean and the editors left in lots and lots of extended solos in between nearly every verse of the best songs.   Second, Young's review may give some the impression that this film is like so many other unfortunate visual records of Hendrix performances, bits and pieces of music woven into the fabric of whatever narrative/interview neccessity the project advanced. (Think just about any Hendrix  film  you've seen).  Not so.  The songs all have beginnings, middles, and ends, and where solos are cut, the songs aren't interrupted with inane, self-serving interviews with folks whose fifteen were up long, long ago. Third, and probably much more controversially, I would argue that, because we know for a FACT that Hendrix himself was highly self-critical, that he used concerts as much as the studio to work out his improvisational vocabulary for a given song, and that he had no idea that this was going to be more or less his last documented guitar playing, maybe the cuts were made in the interests of creating a cleaner account of the songs.  I can't say that I would agree with the choices made.  Young's point on  Machine Gun  is absolutely right.  But I don't agree that the neccessity of editting itself was either shameful or somehow heretical, as Young seems to suggest. This is not a biographical document.  It is the document of a concert.  That's why I think that, while Young makes good points, the film is not nearly as bad as he says it is.  Plus, if you've got the DVD version, you've got access to a marriage of sound a visuals that just haven't been available before. I give it four stars because, for the  serious  fan or curious fan (there can be no  casual  Hendrix fan), the DVD version of this release has over an hour of visionary guitar playing.  Since I wouldn't hold my breath for any less edited release (especially now that it's committed to DVD), I think this will more than  have to do.   The improvisations preserved on this recording are as intense and masterful as anything currently available.  Add to that the simple fact that this is a visual document of Jimi playing less than 3 weeks before his death, and a wonder it was, thank God, and I just say you've got to have it. That all being said, it is a shame that so much was left behind.  Alas.
 In rock music, the difference between a great performance and a bust can be razor thin. Which was this? You can see Jimi talking, while playing, clearly concerned about something. In All Along the Watchtower, the dreamy tones of the studio version is replaced by a powerful, high distortion version. On top of everything else, he briefly forgets the words. Was this a great performance relete with spontanaity or was Hendrix, a little more than two weeks before his death due to a drug overdose, starting to lose it? I don't know but one thing I do know, I am captivated by the performance. I liked observing the small things such as his switching from his signature stratocaster to a flying V. Quite frankly, I hadn't been aware that he p[erformed with a V so this was a revelation. If you are a Hendrix fan, this DVD will fascinate you. If not, I doubt that it will make you into a fan.
 What can I say, I enjoyed it! I'm a fan of Hendrix and the whole concert is a piece of art as well as rock history. My only complaints were that the camera-man didn't take into consideration that Jimi played left handed, so most of the shots of him playing show the back of his right hand and those shots that were taken from in front of him were obscured by the glare of the lights. But then again, this isn't a guitar instruction video now is it? Definitely worth every penny, you won't go wrong here!
 This is the product of someone's own twisted hellish nightmare. It's a collaboration of fear and total anxiety. The premise of the movie is a play on reality; some scenes are shot like a bad acid trip. The plot is intricate, creative, and doesn't disappoint true horror fans. Overall if you're a gore fan and enjoy broader line snuff films than you'll get your rocks off watching this indie soon to be cult horror film.
 SOMEONE'S KNOCKING AT THE DOOR, and he's got a battering ram! Dear Lord, this is one crazy movie! A group of med students experiment w/ a mind-altering drug, resulting in a nightmare of rape, murder, and hallucinations. Nothing can possibly prepare you for the purplish, hydrant-sized "murder weapon"! Viewing this film may cause uncontrollable fits of laughter, mixed w/ projectile vomiting! Must be seen at least once before you die...
 The opening of the film gets right down to the nitty gritty. It's all about sex, drugs & the problems to follow. Is it a commentary on what could come from these sinful deeds? Hardly. It reminds me of the original "Last House on the Left' & 'I spit on your grave'; with a sense of humor. This movie is a tongue in cheek, 70's style horror movie. Don't take it too seriously or you will miss the joke. I found it funny & gross. I actually got a kick out of it. The plot was over the top & the ending was a twist that truly, I didn't see coming. I love horror, & I love Noah Segan. It was great for me, but if you are too much of a movie snob, you won't like it. It's a great Saturday night drinking beer with your buddies movie. It is not a date movie. Chances are she won't be feeling very amorous afterward.
 THERE SEEMS TO BE I LOVE OR HATE THIS MOVIE.PERSONALLY I LIKED IT.
 These are the Martial Arts Heroes that I grew up with.  To have this film in my private library is a real treat.  Master Han is a class act (as always).  Having studied Kenpo I had hoped to see Master Parker step out of his character (in this film) and give more of a demonstration of his incredible hand speed.  But, all in all... it has a reasonably good plot and was well worth the money.
 The movie starts innocently enough, but as in every great dark comedy things go severely awry. Who is next ? The only thought throughout the movie. Acting is brilliant to say the least and story line has undertones  of Tim Burton, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock. All in all a well  rounded movie, a definite must for all collectors of this genre.
 Kyle (Jon Favreau of Swingers) is escorted off to Vegas by hisbuddies for a bachelor party that will have him in therapy for therest of his life.  When the drinking, drugs, and overall debauchery of Sin City kick in, a hooker and a security guard wind up dead. The downward spiral rapidly increases and their troubles follow them back to Los Angeles, where more havoc ensues. Leave your morals at the door for this one, folks. This is a belligerent, modern-day Woody Allen-on-crack movie, a comedy version of Reservoir Dogs that your parents would probably shut off in disgust after 15 minutes. But those of us with a seriously sick sense of humor will find the good in this blacker-than-black comedy. This movie pushes you to your ethical limits until you just give in to the badness. Don't fall too much in love with any of these characters-there's a good chance they'll be pushin' up daisies by the time the credits roll ...
 You have to be in the right mood for this one,  Good Movie if you are!
 This movie is a great example of comedy of the absurd.  Situations presented here are carried to the worst possible extremes.  This would be a worst-case scenario movie.  The movie keeps you watching out of sheer  desire to see how things could possibly get any worse.  And things do get  worse... Contrary to some of the reviews printed here, this movie is a  comedy.  It doesn't have it's roots in The Three Stooges or Keystone Cops,  but instead is firmly rooted in the same comedic base that made movies like  "Heathers and "Death Becomes Her funny.  This is often not an easy movie  to watch as it is graphic in nature.  The basis of the story is a group of  guys do one horrible thing, and spend the rest of the movie dealing with  the repercussions of that deed.  The movie puts normal people into a  genuinely horrible situation and shows what happens when they start  reacting the wrong way.  Strong performances by all of the actors involved,  especially Favreau and Diaz.  This movie is not for everyone.  At least  half of the people I saw it with hated it.  I, however, thought it was  amazingly funny.  If you like your humor a little on the grim side,  check  this film out.
 I have never seen a movie that made me feel so uneasy as this movie did. I can't say if i liked it or not. I don't know if i would tell someone to see or not. It was unlike anything i've ever saw. It is by far not that funny, the cover is misleading. I guess i liked it only because it is so different. Good acting and directing.  Pulp Fiction  type of movie, dark. Just keep telling yourself it's just a movie. Give it a try, just be warned.
 It would seem that in Australia we have more relaxed censorship laws. I was sixteen when I saw this movie and loved it. And I was not alone. There is a very large teenage market for black comedies (American teens are  deprived). Some sexy women can act, and Diaz is one of the best. This is  not to detract from the rest of the cast, there is nothing but good things  in this movie. My only criticism is that the ending could have used some  extra thought. Other than that it is so funny, so original, and so deserves  four stars.
 I really took to 'Very Bad Things' when it came out in '98, and as I watched it the other day with a friend (having not seen it since its run in theatres), I found that I still esteemed the crazed entity with unique fervor.  I think what's most commendable about 'Very Bad Things', at least for a person like myself, is that this was actor Peter Berg's directorial debut.  Not for its technical virtues, which it does possess, but because Berg created a picture of such grim ferocity, holding back so little and, most dangerously, for entering the directing world with a product that, by its neccessity, was going to receive near unanimous criticism for its "distaste".  Here's the thing... Despite the sensationalistic way the film approaches the most horrific of circumstances, I find 'Very Bad Things' almost brings about within me a sense of empathy because, all in all, the five main characters in the film -- a group of old friends -- are not bad people.  Seriously -- how many groups of genuinely decent guys take to Vegas for a buddies' bachelor party?  Furthermore, are they inherently despicable because they're getting loaded, snorting cocaine, and generally acting like crazed little boys the night of the event?  Oh, but one of them is pounding a prostitute -- if none of the other characteristics qualify at making someone evil, surely this one must.  Well, not for me.  By and large, these guys appear as likable middle class schmucks, stuck as so many are within a half-baked life.  Where many find them unlikable without hesitation, I empathize because they are all flawed; once Favreau's soon-to-be wife is introduced (played bitingly by Diaz), it's hard to view him as much more than a pathetic noodle, completely subserviant to the witch behind the beauty.  Then you've got Piven and Stern, playing two dichotomous brothers with a general disdain for each other's personality complex; Piven lively but lost, single and apathetic towards his career, probably acting a bit younger than he should be, while Stern, by contrast, is responsible but neurotic; an uptight family man who's no easier to respect given his Life's accomplishments and anal behaviorisms. Leland Orser's reclusive, enigma of a shy guy doesn't offer much to look up to, and Christian Slater's demented complex made up of a handful of self-help books is easily the most pathetic of the five.  Basically, these guys are all normal in some senses but completely deprived in others, and before the night that begins their descenting journey into madness, none of them, in my eye, could be judged as despicable with any justification (okay, so maybe Slater's could, judging by the real estate selling scene). By the film's fateful  climax, I was pretty fond of the entire group.  And so, then, you've got the premise, in my mind; an awful accident occurs in the hotel room in Vegas, and a prostitute is no longer living.  Thing is, it wasn't anyone's fault, unless you are seriously to blame Piven for the act (as if the prostitute wasn't responsible for taking part in the circus act); simply a devestating accident.  Yet, because of the nature of how the system tends to work, an accident that could still prove to bring down more lives as a consequence.  Perhaps if they weren't all coked up, their decision making abilities might have steered them in a better direction.  Nope -- they were high as a kite, and scared as an abandoned baby.  Essentially, from that point on we see them make one mistake after another, usually out of survival instinct, and by no means the rendered act of will.  And so ensues suffering and paranoia for all, reaching a snowball effect until the film finishes.  If you ask me, if these guys weren't relatable or capable of likelihood, the film wouldn't last beyond the intial moment of chaotic hysteria... but it does.  Throughout most of it, the film expresses a nice emphasis of exaggeration, and that lends some comedy to the dire consequences that proceed. But, as many have said before me, 'Very Bad Things' doesn't really seem like a comedy.  Slater's character, with his outrageous justifications for their nasty acts, comes as the highpoint of the exaggerated comedy. And yet, it is surely no drama, in the sense of melodrama at least.  Rather, it's just a detatched, furious account of bizzarely interesting but fatal situations of, up 'till this point, people who've never encountered such fearful, life-altering experiences.  Combined with Berg's energetic direction and, overall, impressive, convincing, intense performances -- wavering between seriousness and comedic (my favorites being Piven, Stern, Orser and Diaz') -- the whole thing is just ashamedly entertaining.  It just is.  What else can I say?  I think highly moral people might shun the film, but anyone with a knack for fatalism oughta really dig 'Very Bad Things'.  The abuser only abuses because he was abused.  While this might be seen as cowardly, I think we all, at least secretly, view many things from such an angle, especially if events as such hit us or those close to us. Indeed, we are all at the whim of the great magnet who, in this case, just happened to cause the asian hooker to slip on the wet bathroom floor, letting her head gracefully plow through the towel hanger on the wall.  It's dark and it's twisted.  It's ugly, for sure.  I myself have no issues with people disliking it, and will at least claim not to judge them for it.  I just hope that those who are in fact repulsed can at least attempt to understand why some may like it, and not judge them in the unrelenting way many seem to judge the film, which sometimes seems to near the likes of being possessed by a demon.
 Be warned, this movie is seriously twisted.  If you're not into dark comedies or just don't get that kind of humor, don't watch this movie.  I loved it.  Jeremy Piven and Daniel Stern are awesome, Christian Slater is solid, and Cameron Diaz is halfway decent.  This movie should be required viewing for any man before his bachelor party.  Just a downward spiral from first to last and absolutely hilarious to those of us who are sick and twisted.  I can understand why some of the reviewers didn't like it--just not their cup of tea.  It's a solid effort and one of my all time favorites.
 I just saw this film, and I must say what a good film.  Much better than the usual bubblegum fare you see people like Cameron Diaz in. The only downer is that it seems a little bit like the Danny Boyle film Shallow Grave - also about a group of friends who do whatever it takes to get and stay ahead who end up going crazy and being totally paranoid with each other. Note Shallow Grave was released 4 years before Very Bad Things.  So I think some Hollywood exec saw that film and decided to make an American black comedy based on a similar premise.  However I do recommend both films for anyones insane collection.
 I am a Christian Slater fan, and thought this movie would be funny.  Well, it was...sort of...but I wasn't expecting a dark comedy and, because it's really not my thing, I probably wouldn't have chosen to watch it had I anticipated it.  However, if that is your cup of tea, I would have to recommend it as it is a well done movie with a good cast, good acting...but somewhat disturbing...
 This movie was pretty darn funny; it's also very very harsh.  After a hooker is accidentally killed, many people die and others are unhappy. Needless to say, I enjoyed it.
 This is a well designed movie with an interesting story.  Maybe a little gory in parts.  Then again maybe it is supposed to be.  Any way it keeps my attention.  What was so weird was they keep it in the realm of "this could really happen.  I have run into a few people like the part that Cameron played.  I could see this years from now on something like Mystery science theater 3000, with lines like "she got hung up and "he was stuck for the drinks.  For real, this was a chance for the people like Christian Slater to be their selves.  If you do not think this is a good movie, try "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag with (Joe Pesci, Andy Comeau, Kristy Swanson, Dyan Cannon, and George Hamilton).  Alternatively, maybe "Eating Raoul directed by Paul Bartel.
 The opening scene at a very wild bachelor party in a Vegas hotel room is the movies hook.  After being shocked into submission by this scene you will not be able to turn the movie off (try as you might) The remaining  scenes are less interesting and pointlessly violent yet increasingly  insane. Cameron Diaz also throws some extra  spice  into the  movie and over-all it makes an excellent movie for someone who lives in a  boring suburb to watch.  But prepare to be shock to a degree that you will  remember every scene the next day. Especially shocking to women.
 This is a good collection of videos from the 80's. They are of course very dated, but hey thats the fun of nostalgia.  All the videos are here spanning Adam &amp; the Ants musical career.  The standouts include Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, &amp; Goody Two Shoes.  If your part of the insect nation, pick up this collection.
 Collected from Adam Ant's first 6 albums, this CD effectively captures each stage of his rather eclectic career. From the unsophisticated power and throbbing beat of his Ant Music days to the polish and sophistication of his later solo releases, Adam Ant followed his own path.This CD captures most of his top songs and if you get hooked, look for the rest of his work. You won't be disappointed.
 OK, so there are some goofy hillbilly types running around the swamp, getting bled dry by gigantic leeches. Yes, the leeches are grown men wearing plastic trash bags. The hero is a living Ken doll. So what?! The ONLY reason to watch this flick is to see Yvette Vickers (Attack Of The 50 Foot Woman) in her underwear! She dances! She prances! She applies body-lotion! She parades about like the free-spirit she is! Hallelujah! I remember seeing her in this movie 33 years ago. I was 9 years old. I never forgot her! Buy this movie now...
 I'm surprised Bruno the storekeeper/cuckolded husband lasted almost the entire length of the movie; he looks like he should have keeled over from the sauna-like weather down there in the swamp about 15 minutes into the movie. (Bruno had an itty-bit part as a night watchman in ""The Wasp Woman with Susan Cabot. He didn't make it thru his shift.) I'm surprised Ken Clark was in "South Pacific. From his acting here, the others may as well have been talking to a blank wall. I have a DVD of "The 50 Foot Woman with Yvette Vickers doing commentary. She does a great job and sounds like someone you'd like to meet.
 I have always been a fan of 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' with the (sadly departed) Yvette Vickers and two very unbelievable giant leeches.  It's cheap and tacky-looking, but never tacky.  It has a great script and some clever use of a non-existent budget. -- I recently discovered that this movie had originally been released as a double-bill with 'Bucket of Blood', starring Dick Miller (Joe Dante's go-to character actor), about a poor schlep who works at a coffee house where all the cool people hang out and read their poetry (ala late 1950s, early 1960).  He soon discovers that his sculptures make him the toast of the beat generation.  But if those crazy beats only new what went into Dick Miller's sculptures, heh heh heh. -- Now you can get both movies on one disc and pretend you're at a drive-in theater in 1959. -- This double feature is truly a ton of fun.  You have your monster feature with 'Attack of the Giant Leeches', where giant leeches are running amok in an everglade town.  Yvette Vickers is the gorgeous (and nasty) wife of the local general store owner and she's having an affair with the local guy who has the most muscles.  Soon the leeches put in an appearance and dynamite makes an appearance later on.  Lots of fun. -- The really nice surprise is 'Bucket.'  Roger Corman, himself, directed it (I would assume in 4 days with a budget of 800 dollars), and it has its toungue very much in its cheek.  And the movie really is funny.  The subject may be kind of gruesome -- man makes sculptures as people keep disappearing -- but it is done in a clever way and shows genuine wit.  Dick Miller -- who seems to have been born at the age of 39 -- puts in a great performance, as does everyone.  The stand out is Barboura Morris, a real beauty with deep-set eyes, who plays the coffee-house owner and champion of Dick Miller, even before he becomes a celebrity with his sculptures.  This really is one fun double feature.  If you like movies that are cheaply made but somehow seem to possess more literate quality because of that fact, this disc is for you.
 I have always enjoyed this film, I watch it a few times a year. There are some very good scenes with some pretty decent acting and dialog. If you can check out the MST3K version check it out after seeing the original, Priceless entertainment.
 The key thing to know about "A Bucket of Blood, the first of this double feature DVD is that Roger Corman made it a year before he did "Little Shop of Horror. Both movies starred Dick Miller, both were made in less than a week on shoestring budgets (five days for $30,000), and both films constitute horror-comedy, although "Little Shop is decidedly more over the top. But do not be surprised if you like this 1959 Corman film better.  The horror element is actually in vogue again with the release of a new version of "House of Wax this week, since Miller plays Walter Paisley, a bus boy at The Yellow Door, an art house care that is the place to go for the Beat Generation. Paisley is a would-be-sculptor wants to be accepted by all of the cool cats, but he does not really have any talent. Then he accidentally kills his cat and when he covers it with clay he is suddenly proclaimed as having a "talent for lifelike artwork. Another accident, of a sort, gives him the opportunity to move on to human figures, at which point Walter starts looking for new subjects. The ending strikes you as being something out of "The Twilight Zone, but up to that point it works for the most part because of the performances by Miller, Barboura Morris as Carla, and most of the supporting roles.  The comedy part comes not from the killing and sculpting but from the movie's send up of the beatnik scene. The cafe is filled with Beat poets and folk singers. Part of the reason it works is that what is happening at the cafe is not really parody, but earnest attempts in the accepted Beat style. The babble coming out of the mouth of Maxwell (Julian Burton) has the appropriate sense of pseudo-profundity and the guy walking around playing the guitar and singing is Alex Hassilev, who was about to help form the Limeliters. This movie was remade in 1995 as one of the cable television movies presented under the umbrella title "Roger Corman Presents, but that was not half the movie the original black & white, quick & dirty film is as far as I am concerned.  "Attack of the Giant Gila Monster is one of those films where you take a real animal and having it crawl through miniature sets. The tagline for this film was
 Eventhough the film is very low budget , it was still enjoyable to watch. The acting is good , the story is good, and the direction has flair. But  the greatest asset to this movie is Yvette Vickers, she has a sex appeal so  great it is hard to forget her. Like Attack of the 50 Ft Woman I would like  to see this film remaid someday with a budget, but it will be hard to  recast Miss Vickers.
 'A Fish Called Wanda' accomplishes what many have not. A comedy with a rediculous premise, made believable by the casting.  John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis and thier supporting actors are terrific.  Just enough Monty Python.
 I have seen this movie in VHS, Beta, and now on DVD.  I found it to be an excellent transfer of a supremely funny movie. My only regret is there were no SPECIAL features. Hence 4 stars instead of 5
 John Cleese and Michael Palin may be most famous for their Monty Python troupe, Jamie Lee Curtis for Halloween, and Kevin Kline for...being in movies, but one of their most memorable movies is the first one they did together. Which one? A Fish Called Wanda Curtis is Wanda, part of a diamond group along with Ken (Palin), George Thomason (Tom Georgeson), and her "brother Otto (Kline). They pull off a multi-million pound heist in England, and hide the loot. It seems, though, that Wanda and Otto (who aren't actually brother and sister but lovers) want it all for themselves. So they turn George into the police to try to find out where he hid the loot. It seems the only person George would have told about where the loot is would be his barrister Archie Leach (Cleese). So, naturally, Wanda goes up to him and becomes `friends' with him, much to the dismay of Otto. A Fish Called Wanda is a twistful and delightful comedy that shows the new sex comedies that they don't need gross body functions to be funny. I'm not saying this movie is completely tasteful. Ken, who is an animal lover, accidentally kills dogs. But, it's not too explicit. It's actually very funny. Most of the humor comes from Kline, who always shows up whenever Archie and Wanda are together, and who pretends he's gay and tries to get Ken. Some of those subplots, such as the gay one and Kline hating people that call him stupid, seem to not matter. But it is funny. Cleese's script is full of surprises. And most of these laughs were genuine, unlike the fakey ones from other movies. Who can forget Kline's shout whenever he's in the car? It is a memorable movie. Kline puts up his best comedic performance, and deserved his Oscar for best supporting actor. He has excellent comedic timing, always putting the joke on at the right time. He had great chemistry with everyone; it seemed to blend in with the lifestyles of the others. Curtis (one of my favorite actresses)was excellent in a comedic role. Of course, Cleese and Palin are no strangers to comedy. Cleese seemed like a typical British person-stuck up and courteous. He actually talks about that during the film. Palin was great with a stutter that actually is an important part of the film. It seems that A Fish Called Wanda thinks itself as `bad' and `let's offend everyone!' However, it's one of the more tasteful comedies I've seen recently. Its jokes are almost always funny and tasteful, with Kline's trigger-happy attitude that explodes every once in a while. This group, that came back for 1997's Fierce Creatures, were excellent and they look like they had fun together. Which is good for them. However, after the first forty minutes or so, the humor kind of wavers and it becomes a little uneven. There are still jokes, of course, but not as rapid-fire as the ones before. But considering the humor of the film in its entirety, it could be considered a moot point. A Fish Called Wanda is a very hilarious comedy that you'll remember for a while, and looks like it can stick up for repeated viewings, because there are so many jokes you'll forget a lot of them.
 A Fish Called Wanda is a delightful little comedy about a heist-gone-right-gone-wrong.  It seems that there's very little honor among thieves, when four crooks can't follow the get-away plan they'd concocted because they're too busy trying to screw each other out of the loot. We follow them as they plot, and counter-plot against one another, leading to what is possibly the most hilarious torture scene ever filmed, and a number of awkward, aborted attempts at adultery.  The question finally becomes
 Kevin Cline at his best.  I just love this movie for a host of reasons. For anyone that loved the Monty Python humour.  John Clesse is great and so is Michael Palin.  Just loved this film.
 Although I haven't been able to watch my newest DVD... it arrived quickly and was packaged nicely (don't ya just love 'bubble envelopes'?)! Thanks Amazon!
 I have always thought this film was very funny.  Basically the end of Jamie Lee Curtis & Kevin Kline's careers.  NEVER had another hit film either of them.  This is a film that needed an updated DVD package.  No extras at all.  Won an Oscar for Kline & was a hit but this package has NO extras.  Glad a n updated DVD package is always available.  "Don't call me stupid".  My rating is for the film not for the bare nothing special DVD package. Extras, where are the extras?  I never liked Palin's character Ken.  Does have both wide screen & stand versions of the film depending on what you prefer.  Does have a good brochure with film information plus chapter search list.
 Starting with the commonplace idea of a jewel robbery gone maniacally wrong, actor John Cleese and director Charles Crichton manage have created a madcap comedy that remains fresh, even after 10 years.  George (Tom Georgeson), assisted by his girlfriend Wanda (Jamie Lee Curtis), his best pal Ken (Michael Palin) and Wanda's 'brother' Otto (Kevin Kline) has orchestrated a robbery that has only one fatal flaw - none of the participants have any intention of sharing the loot.  In short order, double-crosses seem to grow on trees and George finds himself under arrest.  It is only fitting that Wanda and Otto simultaneously discover that the jewels have been moved 'for safekeeping.' It doesn't take very long for Wanda to figure out that her only hope of regaining the loot is through George's barrister, Archie Leach (John Cleese).  Wanda works at seducing Leach while fighting of Otto's psychotic fits of jealousy.  Ken, in the meantime, attempts repeatedly to kill the only witness, an elderly woman.  Unfortunately, he manages to assassinate all three of her dogs in the process. This is a set up for the combination of slapstick, vulgarity, and tongue-in-cheek comedy that British films are noted for and Americans love and it is delivered with an almost evil verve.  Cleese is determined to take no prisoners, and the landscape is littered with car crashes, fallen masonry, savaged canines (fake savaged canines, please) and hapless victims.  Only the fish (also called Wanda) has no funny lines, and fares no better than her companion 'Lunch' does. The film has an R rating, which I think is exaggerated.  In reality, its vulgarity and sexual innuendo are hardly noticeable when compared to what is accepted today.  I certainly think teenagers can handle it without permanent damage, although you may have to explain to them that certain phrases don't bear repeating.  At this price, expect a bare bones DVD.  No added games, no interviews, just the film in French and English, in both wide screen and standard presentations.  Even so, this is a classic comedy that will bear much watching.
 I love the movie  A Fish Called Wanda .  It is one of my all time favorite movies.  If you haven't seen it, go rent/buy it - there is no better time to see it, now that it is on DVD! Therefore, this is a review  of the DVD - not the movie.  The DVD has a very good presentation of the  movie - the best you can watch at home (as mentioned above).  However, the  sound is lacking - dull mono.  Maybe this movie was originally recorded in  mono, but I would be surprised. Next there is the lack of extras - you  get the trailer and  cast notes  but virtually nothing else...  just a dumb fish screen saver. I don't mean to be so down on this DVD, it  isn't terrible, it is just a disappointment to think of all of the  unrealized potential.  First of all, there is the sound.  Then, there was  no behind the scenes featurette, no comentaries, no deleted scenes,  nothing.  With Kline, Cleese, Palin and Curtis in the cast, there could  have been all kinds of killer extras.  But there wasn't... At this point  I would give this DVD 3 stars.  However, it earns an extra star because MGM  bowed to pressure and put it out in Widescreen.  They originally planned on  P&amp;S only. So thanks a lot, MGM, but now get busy on a   Collectors Edition . Jeremy
 This movie is a wonderful comedy for those who, like me, enjoy off-beat humor.  Kevin Kline is always watchable, and he excells in this movie, and Jamie Lee Curtis is a perfect match for him.
 First, let me agree with others
 Charles Chrichton's hiatus from the big screen had been interspersed with The Avengers after his direction of The Lavender Hill Mob.  John Cleese in fact sought out Chrichton in hopes of a collaboration for A Fish Called Wanda.  Starting out with only a rudimentary idea of the story, and Chrichton's request that he wanted "...to see someone steamrolled", the final result was a film that somehow struck a humorous chord all over the world.  The film just somehow "worked", and it's been a cherished classic ever sense. Kevin Kline as the violent, idiotic, and egotistic Otto indirectly steals the film, but it is John Cleese who is the genius behind the scenes.  Utilizing the dry absurd whit perfected in Monty Python with co-star Michael Palin, the duo alongside sultry Jamie Lee Curtis evoke a dysfunctional yet harmonistic world of laughs, slaptstick, and that oh so familiar English congeniality that "bloody well works in comedy. For those longing for the complicit, balanced, and tight-fitting humor of the older English comedies, such as Alec Guinness in Our Man In Havana, and Alec again in Lavender Hill Mob, A Fish Called Wanda is a must-see.  If only Hollywood knew what it was missing too.
 John Cleese, of Monty Python fame, co-wrote the screenplay for this hilarious comedy caper along with director Charles Crichton, who also directed "The Lavender Hill Mob. Cleese is totally irreverent and has absolutely no clue as to the meaning of political correctness. Everyone and everything is a target for satire. Cleese also performs here one of the most side-splitting stripteases I have ever seen. I literally doubled-over with laughter!  A  twenty million dollar jewelry heist is pulled off in London's Hatton Gardens by four eccentric misfits, two Brits and two Americans. George (Tom Georgeson) is the ringleader, the man who masterminded the theft. He is the only one who knows where the jewels are hidden. His partners in crime include animal lover, Ken Pile, (Michael Palin), a socially inept bumbler with a stuttering problem. He loves his goldfish, Wanda, (named for the movie's heroine), with the passion most attach to their significant other. Wanda Gershwitz, (Jamie Lee Curtis), is George's girlfriend, who uses her formidable seduction techniques to get what she wants, and she wants all the money! Wanda finagles to bring Otto West, (Kevin Kline), into the gang, telling the others he is her brother - although like most other men in the film, he is her lover. And Kline is brilliant as the manic, Nietzche-reading, ex-CIA agent and Anglophobe. He is a self-styled intellectual, but is so stupid that he thinks the London Underground is a political movement. As Wanda remarks, "He's so dumb he thought the Gettysburg Address was where Lincoln lived.  The ploys, dirty tricks and double-crosses Otto and Wanda use against their partners, to prevent their receiving a share of the loot, are classic. When George's lawyer, Archie, (John Cleese), falls in love with Wanda, her formidable skills at juggling men are seriously challenged. Cleese brings an endearing romantic touch to the smitten Archie. The situation grows more and more convoluted and the laughs build right along with the escalation. Otto is extremely jealous of any man who looks twice at Wanda, and obviously Archie takes more than two glimpses. Madcap madness!  I don't want to disclose any more of the plot here, but "A Fish Called Wanda contains some of the funniest scenes I have viewed on film. Director Charles Crichton keeps the pace moving at a nice clip and the satire involving the cultural clash between the very proper, if somewhat stuffy English, versus the uncouth, aggressive Yanks is pure delight. At one point, Archie says to Wanda
 I had heard of this movie from the late 80s but only watched it in 2012. I enjoyed it, I must say. Well worth renting. What more do you want me to say?
 This story is easier to grasp than it is to follow. But basically, a gang of jewel thieves double, triple and quad-triple cross each other, after twenty million dollars worth of jewels have been successfully lifted. It is not clear where the jewels are but not to worry. Kevin Kline eats every fish in the fish bowl as a form of torture to gain the missing information.  The film is definitely a comedy but seriously acted. John Cleese, best known for "Monty Python and especially the "Faulty Towers series, is a serious barrister charged with getting the gang's leader off the hook. Until Jamie Lee Curtis' character enters, all seems to be going well. She wants the jewels for herself but needs to learn where there are. But wait, there is a witness. Watch out!  And so it goes with plenty of serious laughs.  Well worth seeing.
 Yes, it is vulgar, coarse, crude, stupid--but it is full of spirit and fun, for teenagers of all ages. Excellent acting, infectious farce, politically incorrect disgrace, but at least not boring.
 A Fish called Wanda is one of my favorite movies. I watch at least twice a year. Clearing out all my old VHS tapes and replacing with DVDs.
 I bought "Fierce Creatures ages ago which I highly enjoyed, but after watching it I stumbled across some really negative reviews on the web, saying that compared to its predecessor, "A Fish Called Wanda it was really not very funny. I personally thought "Fierce Creatures was really good and made me laugh a lot, so I thought "A Fish Called Wanda must be amazing. I have to admit it didn't make me split my sides, but there were some memorable and funny bits, such as Michael Palin [what a guy!]who plays ken, an animal lover with a stutter, trying to assassinate and old lady and killing her 3 dogs instead by accident, also Kevin Kline rugby tackling John Cleese, shouting "I just want to apologise and then aiming a gun up his nose when he won't shut up, unknowingly watched by Cleese's character's wife, who doesn't care. Another comical bit was Kline screaming at Cleese's character's wife about her englishness.  John Cleese has written a brilliant film, and the casting is superb, and even if you dont find it as hilarious as some did, it is certainly enjoyable.
 Okay I watch this movie so much my poor videotape is begging me to put it out of it's misery.  Which is why I will be getting the DVD of this soon.  Backstapping and comedy, the perfect combination for this film.  Well cast and just tons of fun to watch.
 If you are a fan of MMA this movie is quite entertaining.  There are cameos by Kimbo, Forrest Griffin, Rashad Evans, and maybe a couple more that I am forgetting.  And of course Vinnie Jones!  Anyways, the acting is terrible, outside of Vinnie.  The fights scenes are fun and entertaining, but get repetetive.  And there is several unnecessary scenes of naked women, which could be good or bad....to each his own.  If plot is pretty lame, but these movies are rarely written as the plot being the focus.  If you like combat movies this one is pretty good.  Just don't watch if you can't stand bad acting.
 James is an inspired young man sent by his village on a pilgrimage to the temple in Jerusalem.  His character is developed at length with his respect and affection for the people he meets in Israel.  Except for an eccentric older man (played by Eli Wallach) the Israeli figures are not well developed except to show their suspicion of "guest workers who may want to stay in the country with welfare programs or take jobs away from natives.  Many of the jobs available are due to the restriction of enty by Palestinian Arab workers from Gaza and the west bank.  Ironically, the replacement workers from Europe, Africa and elsewhere have suffered themselves at the hands of the intifada.  Watchers should know that the movie is cosponsored by the New Israel Fund that has a primary mission of justice for workers and Arab citizens.  It is allied with the former Labor socialist party, but has taken new directions.  Even knowing the political slant of the messages, there are many enjoyable scenes of James and how he adapts to the realities without losing his sense of mission and pride.
 I absolutely enjoyed this film. It is the story of a young African man and his journey to Jerusalem from his small village. During his travels he learns much about himself through the many "tests he believes he has been given by his God. What I enjoyed most about this story is that movies are not typically or hardly made about the African men and women that travel far from their homes to the Middle East and Europe with hopes of more prosperous lives yet ending up at the bottom rungs of these societies and virtually ignored.  Although this story is about James' journey to test his faith, it also gives a glimpse of what life is like for thousands of young men like him.
 I found this to be an excellent movie depicting how things really are for a section of the Israeli population.  James's introduction to life in Israel was an eye-opener for him, but he prevailed and learned how to make the situation work to his advantage.  He returned to his native land having learned many lessons. Though they were not the lessons he had been sent to learn, they were certainly ones worth learning,  This film is an excellent example of the new genre of Israeli films that take a look at real life and does it at a fast clip instead of the long drawn out approach of the last decade's directors.
 This is an excellent double set. Both are excellent thrillers. In "The Vanishing while Keifer Sutherland and his fianc&eacute; Sandra Bullock are at a gas station she suddenly disappears. He believes she is kidnapped and searches relentlessly for three years before beginning another life with a new lady played by Nancy Travis. When he is about to completly give up on his previous girlfriend, the kidnapper contacts him. Beau Bridges is effective as the scientific kidnapper that is merely conducting a deadly experiament. His family life can not keep him happy enough so as a scientist he must try something against the laws of good. After Sutherland meets him it looks like he will meet his fianc&eacute;s same fate. His life hangs on the fact his new girlfriend has followed him and taken the kidnappers daughter for a ride. What happens next is very suspenseful. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "Breakdown".  In "Black Widow Theresa Russell is effective as a woman that marries wealthy men and then disposes of them in clever ways that look like normal deaths.  A detective played by Debra Winger starts suspecting the string of deaths when she finds an unusual blood test from one. She relentlessly tracks Russell but can't prove anything. When she finally trails her to Hawaii she gets overly zealous and gets to close to the next victim to be. She then gets herself into trouble with the law and thrown into jail trying to prove Russell's guilt when he is killed. How will she prove her own innocence and the Widows guilt? I recommend this DVD set. It is a good value. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "American Gigolo".  CA Luster
 I enjoyed this film. It pushed me to see beyond the two-dimensional view of President Bush that the television, internet and print media offer. Having said that however, I still wouldn't vote for the man.  I found the crux of the movie to be when Vice President Cheney makes his pitch to invade Iraq in order to later invade Iran. The US has 5% of the world's population yet consumes 25% of it's fossil fuel. The exit strategy for the war is presented as "never.  This film is much more than a movie about the 43rd. president of the United States.
 I really enjoyed this movie partly because it examined group of political characters from my time and partly the actors were chosen very well and delivered their roles perfectly. Most of the credit should go to Oliver Stone who did a great job directing it. Regardless of the political views, this is a must see movie. It is hard to dispute most of the scenes laid out in the movie because not even the political figures portrayed in the movie did that. One can learn a lot about inner workings of the very secretive and incompetent government that ruled this country for the last eight years. Moreover the life of an underachiever who made (?)it to the top job in the world (twice) is a mind blowing and a sad thing to see.
 This film does a very good job of capturing the intellectual calibre of George "Dubya Bush, and the crucial moment in history when the decision to invade Iraq was made. The performances were very realistic and at times I thought I was watching the real George Bush, particularly in the scenes where he is making speeches. All the peformances were excellent but I thought Thandie Newton was particularly good as Condeleezza Rice.  Those people who claim the film is not realistic must not realize how much of the dialogue is verbatim quotes directly from the horse's mouth, so to speak. It was hilarious and yet so disturbing to be reminded of the "Bushisms that became so common during his presidency. It is clear to me that the film has been meticulously researched to capture the reality as closely as possible, and in my view it is very effective.  Others have claimed the film is not tough enough on Dubya. I found it to be absolutely scathing, but in a way which might go over some people's heads if they are distracted by the soundtrack and seemingly affectionate portrayal of his weaknesses. Perhaps Stone didn't mean it to be interpreted this way, but this is how I saw it. There is nothing affectionate about this film. It's message is extremely serious, and so it should be considering how many lives have been lost in the debacle that is the Iraq war.  The most powerful moments in the film for me are when Cheyney points out that the real issue for the US when it comes to the Middle East is oil. All the talk about freedom and human rights and protection from terrorist threats are just a cover for their desire to control the region, and thus the largest oil fields on earth. This is why they twisted the evidence of WMDs and ignored all the warnings they didn't exist. Dubya feels extremely angry and betrayed when things begin to fall to pieces and he demands to know why they all got it wrong. No one can answer him because they played him like a fiddle and he is just too stupid and naive to recognise this.  The other scene that stays with me is when he is in bed with his wife, and he can't sleep because of all the stress over the war. She leans over and says to him that if won't last forever and they will get their lives back eventually. It really drove home how divorced from the consequences of their actions world leaders are. What about all the people who have been killed and maimed and had their lives ripped to pieces by this pointless war of aggression? They can't retire to their ranches and spend the rest of their days playing golf to get over it. I have no doubt that very few of those involved in orchestrating this war think much about the victims, to them they are just collateral damage. This film exposes the complete moral bankruptcy at the heart of American politics during Bush's presidency and beyond.  There is also quite a bit left out in this film which would have strengthened it and given more insight into the man, but overall it's definitely worth watching.
 I voted for G.W. Bush but I regret such action after the problems and the image the USA got with this guy. Anyway, the movie is very good, actors well chosen and even it's a biased view (much "a la Oliver Stone") of this american history episode, there is a good amount of truth... nobody can deny the consecuences of "W"'s mandate. So, I enjoyed the film, the narrative and the acting specially the solution the director gave to the main roll in hands of J. Brolin.
 As long as you don't take this as a docu-history, it's pretty entertaining borderline comedy about the unlikely career of George W. Bush, whose presidency looks more and more fantasmagorical in retrospect. Almost every actor here looks virtually just like the real thing, except perhaps the first George HW Bush and his wife, Barbara, and Laura Bush, who looks way better here than in person. Josh Brolin gets W just right, in almost every respect. Those who play Karl Rove, Condi Rice, George Tenet and especially Dick Cheney are spot on. Almost every scene plays out like something from a Bob Woodward book. Oliver Stone is adept at compressing these signature moments into a coherent whole, though the movie is told in a jump around style timewise. If the kids don't take this as historic gospel, it's ok to watch this for a laugh.
 The main thing you need to know about W. is that it shows you the life of George W. Bush from a rather funny (and quite often, accurate) point of view.  From his early days when he first met Laura at a party, to his constant disagreements with his father, to the constant comparison to his brother Jeb, to his early campaign trails, to his eventual presidency of the United States.  W. covers this territory pretty well.  Now here's how the movie works- while *those* events are taking place, quite often the story will switch in a different direction that shows the events (portrayed by characters, of course) where Cheney, Powell, Condoleezza Rice and the rest of the gang were discussing the best strategies concerning the war in Iraq.  All the characters were convincing in their roles, not to mention really *do* resemble their real life counterparts.  Just look at them and try telling me they don't look and act almost exactly like them.  What's especially strange about W. is how it shows George Bush as someone who doesn't seem like he has the dedicated desire (or the intelligence level) to eventually become president of the United States.  This means Bush comes off looking rather odd because he's portrayed as someone who definitely wants to change the world and someone who is definitely passionate about doing so (and as we know, he does eventually achieve his dream of becoming US president) but the storyline develops in a way that makes it look like *anyone* can accomplish the same incredible goal, which is honestly not true at all.  Then again, maybe that's the point.  Maybe the point is that the writers were trying to make Bush appear like an average man from the get go.  That way we can see how flawed he really is.  Anyway, the political arguments dealing with the war in Iraq and the oil supply were interesting in the beginning, but because they are portrayed quite accurately, the only thing these scenes really did for me was allow me to remember the past 8 years.  So for me, the strong point of W. were the humorous segments that focused on how George Bush eventually got into office and less on the Iraq war.  W. is a good trip down memory lane with a bit of humor thrown in (especially whenever Bush tries to say something intelligently and ends up stuttering and saying something half-witted- this happens a LOT).  It combines the real life situations with a touch of the fictional pretty well... at least, I assume certain parts are fictional.
 This film is a mixture of political commentary and character analysis, making it far more interesting that I expected. However, as character study and as political commentary it only goes so deep before turning back, as if the Oliver Stone doesn't totally trust the viewing public with all the details. The film actually paints a sympathetic picture of President George W Bush. This is due to the tension depicted between the cool Episcopalian statesman George Bush and his born-again evangelical son, George W Bush. In some regards, George W Bush follows the policies and ideology of Ronald Reagan rather then the realist approach of his father. The issue of the President's alcoholism was handled very well as we see the President move beyond his alcoholism through his religious faith and the support of his pastor, played by Stacey Keach. There were four events that are missing from the film that are highly significant and I certainly would have been willing to watch 1 more hour of film to see how Stone would interpret the events around the Gore vs. Bush 2000 election struggles in Florida, the response to September 11th, Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, and the Joe Wilson - Valerie Plame incident that revealed so much about the power of the Vice President in framing the war effort with Iraq. However since the film is not really meant to be comprehensive history, and only comments on policy indirectly, it is the character of George W Bush that is the true subject of the film.  Josh Brolin is excellent as George W Bush as is Richard Dreyfuss in the role of Vice President Dick Cheney. George and Barbara Bush are played by James Cromwell and Ellen Burstyn. They do an excellent job of creating the family of origin tensions that drive much of George W Bush's motivations and actions, at least in this interpretation. Elizabeth Banks plays Laura Bush, the most likeable character in the film. Her support for her husband and faith that he will eventually muddle through appears to be one of his greatest assets. I wish the role of Dick Cheney had been larger since we now know the pivotal role in played in the decision to invade Iraq and the growing distance between the President and Vice President during the last 18 months of his second term when President Bush distanced himself from Cheney, the architect of many of the failures of the Bush Presidency. Jeffrey Wright plays the reflective far-seeing Secretary of State, Colin Powell, who must constantly defend his position against Cheney, Rove, and Rumsfeld. Toby Jones plays Karl Rove and is not given as much emphasis as I would have expected. As far as I can tell, Karen Hughes was completely left out of the film. I was not as impressed with the performance of Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice. She seemed stiff and insignificant. The film does a very good job of revealing how the failure to find any weapons of mass destruction destroyed the credibility of the Bush presidency. At some point George W Bush recognizes that he will go down in history as one of the greatest Presidential failures for taking the United States into a war on false fabricated evidence. The film had to show that President George W Bush was a man who rarely reflected upon his own performance as evidenced by the press conference where he is asked if he made any mistakes in his Presidency, and he responds that he can't think of one. In a presidency that was full of mistakes, this is one of the most fascinating aspects of the film and of the character of George W Bush.
 and you often do not know how much left-inspired claptrap is going to be put into them, and how much factual stuff that few directors could sneak in as well as he does. I am a moderate Democrat, now living in the Bush clan's old hometown, so my vote will never count for anything again, since my county and city are among the heaviest Republican enclaves in the nation. I did not vote for W, either time, but I thought he handled the initial 911 response well, and I gave him the benefit of the doubt on Iraq, until it turned out bad. This film is more interesting for Stone's take on the family dynamics than it is for the Iraq war planning (deceptions, or well-intended honest mistakes?) James Cromwell, as the elder Bush, is wonderful here. Brolin does a fine job in a hard assignment, depicting a person we seem to know so well. It was interesting to see a younger Karl Rove depicted (he just came to town last week promoting his new book.) Love him or hate him, after watching Mr. Stone's very condensed version of his life, you will think you understand George W. a little bit better. Nobody takes the presidential oath intending to hurt the nation, and it's a job that people who are most qualified for it won't go after, because campaigning is demeaning and demoralizing. The Bush family now claims two failed presidents, and I often wonder if W regrets winning a second term. He proved himself more popular than his dad, for a bit of time, but in the end will be rated the less successful leader. This movie reminds us that these famous people once were young, and made lots of ordinary mistakes, before they got the power to make extraordinary errors. You can't help but feeling a bit more compassionate toward the younger Bush when you finish seeing this. That may not have been Oliver's intent, but it's my conclusion.
 This is a movie you should see more than once!  It will infiltrate the recesses of your mind.  After reading all of the reviews I reconsidered what I saw.  I think the first time you see it, it rankles your sensibilities.  The more you see this film, the genius becomes more subtle.  It creeps you out, then it creeps back into memory and provokes conversation with others who saw something different.  Maybe a classic!  Oliver Stone has given us brilliant contemplation with all of his movies.  Whatever he does, he hones to a pure, bare revelation of our culture with all of the nuances of our humanity.  It's tough being challenged and I guess unless you have a liberal epistomology, you go kicking and screaming with preset ideals.  Tolstoy said "the most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already, but the simplest thing cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him.  I also admire Stone, he went to Vietnam as an infantryman and received the Bronze Star and Purple Heart, and as we know W was busy gassing up his plane here in the States.  I'll stick with Stone!  Platoon is his story presented with moving interpretation......
 Oliver Stone directed-movies are usually on the kooky side, but this one is not filled with so much archive footage this time.   Oliver Stone was able to get an all-star cast for this film.   Josh Brolin portrays "George W. Bush".  Bush soon to have a father who will become the Vice President of the United States and eventually The President of the United States, just got himself into some trouble after a football game. He calls his father, George H. W. Bush (James Cromwell) to help him out of jail. Congressman George Bush already has his hands full with Jeb, Neil, Marvin and Doro. "Poppy will help him this one last time. George must be one honky-tonk, hell-raiser of a young man.   As the movie jumps around to George W. as President of the United States to flashbacks of his young adult life, we see Bush has had it up to here with an oil rig job. An intense, dirty job I am sure he was all too proud to get fired from.   Destiny would prevail.   In 1977, George W. decides he wants to run for Congress in Texas. Later that year at a barbecue, he meets the lady of his life, Laura Welch (Elizabeth Banks).   He loses the election.   Four years later, he marries Laura.   After turning 40 in 1986, he gave up alcohol and decides to help his father, who has been Vice President since 1981, campaign for Presidency.   He wins the election, but only becomes a one-term President as he loses the re-election in 1992.   It is at this point that George W. decides to change his entire life around with Laura by his side.  He wants to run for Governor of Texas.  His father and mother, Barbara (Ellen Burstyn), disapprove as they want to concentrate on Jeb who is running for Governor of Florida.  George tells his son, "one Bush at a time".   George W. decides to start a campaign anyway.   Both Jeb and George won their office.   This all leads to George W's historical bid for Presidency in 2000.    Josh Brolin in some scenes really nails the mannerisms and voice of George W. Bush. If you were to look away from the screen, you might think you were listening to the real person.   I did not know that was Thandie Newton as "Condoleezza Rice until I saw the end credits. What a transformation.   Stacy Keach as "Rev. Earle Hudd blew me away with his performanace. I have never seen him in such a role before.   Richard Dreyfuss is a scene stealer as well as Jeffrey Wright.   Jeffrey Wright was fun to watch as "Powell". I have liked Jeffrey Wright in several films, including his role as "Felix Leiter in <a href="http
 For me, this film was a teaching tool to learn more about our former US President, whom I have gone from disliking, to admiring, I've gotten at least to respect and understanding now, because of this film. Josh Brolin does a very nice Bush Jr, and James Cromwell does a nice job as his father, the whole cast does a nice job actually, and director Oliver Stone, though I refuse to sit thru Natural Born Killers, does a good job here, though I'm not sure what he's doing here, but I'm pretty sure it isn't a satire. I'm hoping it's mostly the truth, as to how he went from alchoholic to team player, to 43rd US President. His father-Bush senior, in this film anyway, was always criticizing him into his middle aged years, I had/have a fatherly figure, in the form of my g-pa, so I can understand why he had a hard time loving his dad, although mine was mia half the time. I still don't agree with the 2nd Iraq war, but now I somewhat understand why it had to start, but if they never found WMD but they found Saddam Hussein who is now dead, still looking for Bin Laden, whom at this point, I'm not sure they'll ever find...alive, that is. After he was elected, I was very angry, saying that he stole the election from Gore/Kerry, calling it a fiasco, but now I think I may have been unfairly critical of him. I hope they do a movie on Obama in a few years letting you draw your own conclusions about him, much like this one does, sometimes that works better. However, I'm not sure it's owners material for everyone, regardless of your political views.
 Oliver Stone has never shied away from controversy as any student of films from the last two decades can tell you. Stone has also never shied away from using past Presidents of the United States (JFK, Nixon) for his own dramatic purposes either. Yet Stone choose to make a film about a sitting President, something that hadn't been done before (at least not in name i.e. Primary Colors). So how exactly does Oliver Stone's W. hold up? I'll put it this way; W. is his best film since Nixon in 1995. Why do I say that?  Well to start of Stone has gotten himself one of his best casts. Josh Brolin plays the title role and it is far from a caricature. Brolin's George W. Bush is a fully formed character that while it might not be a dead-on version of the real man is so close at times it can send shivers up the spine. Brolin has the character and voice of Bush done very well though one could argue on how truthful it is to real-life (more on that later). Surrounding Brolin is a whole smattering of excellent actors. First there's Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney who is not only very close to real but also manages to steal any scene he happens to be speaking in,especially the whole "empire speech during one briefing. James Cromwell turns in a memorable turn as George H.W. Bush as does Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell, Toby Jones as Karl Rove and especially Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush. There are some miscasts though such as Scott Glenn as Rumsfeld and Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice, both of whom seem more suited to Saturday Night Live then to this film. Stone also fails to make use of some of the cast as well, especially Ioan Gruffudd as Tony Blair but the strength of the rest of the cast makes up for this admirably.  W. also has some strong production values as well. While technically a low-budget film by most Hollywood standards (approximately $30 million), Stone makes good use of it. The film takes across the country (and part of the world for that matter) in its locations and it does so without ever feeling cheap in any way. Stone might not have had a lot of money but he certainly spent it well to judge from things like Bush ranch in Crawford or even the White House sets which could arguably compare with those on The West Wing.  And now we come to the controversial part of the film
 When I first heard about W., my initial reaction was that there was no way it could be a good movie.  Oliver Stone is a good director who has sometimes made great films.  However, when it comes to the Presidential movies he's made, JFK and NIXON, his record is atrocious. It's also a well known fact that Stone is not a fan of President George W. Bush and Stone isn't really known for keeping his politics out of his movies.  I admit that the trailers for the movie piqued my interest, but instead of watching the movie in theatres I waited until the DVD release to watch the movie.  I was very surprised by what I saw.  The movie is not told in a linear fashion and instead see-saws back and forth between President Bush's life. It begins in 2002, then flashbacks to 1966, then flashes forward to 2002, then to 1969, then to 2003, etc.  Sometimes such a storytelling device is difficult to follow, but it works well in W.  The movie basically follows George W. Bush as he goes from being a rowdy, drunken college student with a famous father to being a meandering journeyman traveling from one job and profession into another until he eventually feels led to enter politics.  He becomes the governor of Texas and, of course, ultimately the President of the United States.  The portrait that is painted is not one of a man with a hidden agenda and a plan to remake the country and world in his image, but instead of a man blessed with gifts who kept screwing up his life, but finally turned it around and decided he wanted to make the world a better place.  It presents us with a man who truly wanted to do the right thing and believed in what he did.  It's a very human look at our ex-President.  That's not to say the movie doesn't make fun of Bush, because there are times that it does.  The movie spends a good deal of time (probably a third all total) showing Bush's drinking problems and womanizing.  There are scenes where the President is talking with one of his staff, particularly Vice President Chaney (Richard Dreyfuss) and it's obvious to the audience that the Vice President is just using Bush to meet his own goals and fulfill his own agenda.  In scenes such as these, the Bush is presented as a bumpkin who is in over his head.  The movie also tries to present the case that everything that George W. Bush did was to earn the approval of his domineering father, George H.W. Bush.  Still, despite the negative aspects the movie shows of his personal history and character, overall the movie presents a complex and interesting view of our 43rd President.  Some elements of the film have been dramatically fictionalized, others taken directly (and at times quoted) from history.  Some people might be angered by the mixing of history and fiction, but most great biopics do that.  No matter how famous people are or how interesting lives they lived, for a movie things have to be condensed and sometimes in order to connect loose ends an anecdote or scene has to be made up.  In my opinion, the main reason that W. is so compelling is because of the performance of Josh Brolin.  Brolin wasn't Oliver Stone's first choice to play the title character, but it should have been.  Brolin has proved himself time and time again that he is an amazing actor with an incredible amount of range.  His performance as President George W. Bush is flawless.  Ever mannerism, accent, and quirk of Bush are replicated perfectly.  Brolin is matched in his performance by James Cromwell portraying Bush's father George H.W. Bush.  Cromwell's characterization is far from the uncanny performance given by Brolin.  However, he does do an excellent job of illustrating how the movie sees Bush Sr. as the foil for W.  The only other noteworthy performance is that of Toby Jones as Karl Rove.  Rove often is presented in a negative light, but just like President George W. Bush, the movie actually paints Rove in a more positive light--instead of an evil mastermind he's just a wunderkid who's really good at number crunching and reading a political landscape.  Richard Dreyfuss has received all kinds of praise for his portrayal as Dick Cheney, but in my opinion it's horrendous.  Cheney is definitely the villain of the movie and Dreyfuss seemed to have taken an intense amount of glee in portraying a would-be criminal mastermind.  In my opinion the performance is completely over-the-top.  The humanization that Brolin, Jones, and to a lesser extent Cromwell bring to their roles is completely ignored by Cheney.  It's not that Dreyfuss isn't capable of such a feat, because he is, but he just chose not do so.  As for the rest of the cast, all of the other major performances aren't very good and are just characterizations.  I really enjoyed W.  It's a much fairer portrait of President George W. Bush than would be expected from Oliver Stone and it's also an entertaining movie.  Sadly, however, those on the political left will probably continue to ignore it because it isn't negative enough while those on the political right will ignore it because they've been led to believe it is too negative.  If you can put aside your political beliefs and watch the movie for what it is, I believe you'll be pleasantly surprised.
 I was very skeptical about this movie as I didn't like the idea of making fun of a President.  I did enjoy it and it was not as bad as I heard it was.
 The idea of watching an Oliver Stone movie without a sever political bias seemed almost impossible to me when I first saw the film with some friends, his reputation alone had already brought heavy accusations of bias from my more conservative friends with my more liberal friends secretly hoping that the "eventual indictment of his idiotic character might come by the end of the film, as the only moderate of the group I was brought along ultimately to render my verdict on its political biases. To be clear there were four republicans and four democrats in the group and like any good swing vote I was wedged between them in the theater. What I saw was something I think that neither party had expected. The film opens on a scene of Josh Brolin (portraying Bush) playing baseball to raucous cheers in an empty stadium, it is a reoccurring fantasy throughout the film changing slightly as it progresses and depicting a place of both psychological comfort and glory for the character. From there we flash forward to a meeting discussing the future of the War on Terror and the eventual invasion of Iraq, this is largely used to set up the main characters and their current natures, reminding us ultimately of shaped his administration. What is interesting here and as the film progresses however, we see that it truly does focus less on the controversial decisions which would come to shape the Bush White House and more on the nature and character of the former President making it a true profile piece. Documenting his upbringing, search for meaning, decline into alcoholism, and eventual return to god, something that the President has only commented on in vague detail but which the film does an excellent job of depicting without going to an illogical extreme. One of the better aspects of the film is gradual development of his friendship with Carl Rove, Condoleezza Rice, and the other key players who would shape President Bush's early policies, which allows a certain insight into the deep levels of trust he placed in these people and the various ways in which that trust was either proven right or betrayed (as in the case with former CIA Director George Tenet who in a rather somber scene is forced to admit that the CIA's recourses in Iraq were severely limited and lead to the incorrect belief that Saddam had WMD).  Finally the most insightful parts of the film comes in the gradual development of President Bush's relationship to his father and the emotional toll that takes on him. In the end I thought it was an excellent film taking some swipes when necessary but largely retraining itself from descending into a character assassination piece.  The acting is excellent with Josh Brolin, Elizabeth Banks, and Richard Dryfuss all playing their parts to perfection, overall I think that it is defiantly worth seeing for anyone that is interested in developing a better understanding of the culture of the White House and the nature of President Bush. Now, while the movie was light and surprisingly balanced in its approach but the one thing I couldn't over look and that was the fact that it was released while the President was still in office. In the end this prevented me from ever becoming a true fan of the film as I felt ill at ease with the concept of such a portrayal and the nature of its socio-political impact on the Unites States and the White House, both at home and abroad. At the same time I am willing to concede that had they not released it then that the film wouldn't have received the same box office success it did, with the surge turning Iraq from possible failure to possible success, and the economy in decline and the President heading the efforts to save millions of jobs the idea of a satirical profile piece was becoming less and less appealing. Especially once it became clear that whoever the successor was that the United States couldn't simply turn tail and run from Iraq or Afghanistan and may have to follow at least a portion of the Bush Doctrine out of sheer necessity. This left me in a lingering middle ground where most people I know who saw the film find themselves to this day, the more ardent liberals disappointed in the films more moderate portrayal and unable to exorcise their angst on the big screen  were annoyed at how human the President seemed. While at the same time the more stringent right was bothered by the films progressive humanization and subtle undercutting of a President they had elected and form many continued to believe in. Still as I said before if you want to take a more in-depth look at one of the most controversial Presidents of the last fifty years and perhaps at your own biases I would defiantly recommend the film, just don't be surprised if you're not sure what to think after the credits roll. As a friend of mine pointed out once, sometimes when you go looking for answers all you find is information, this film defiantly fulfilled that statement for much of its audience.
 ****1/2  When attempting to dramatize well know events from the recent past - especially those involving public figures who are household names and faces - a filmmaker runs the risk of slipping over into caricature and parody if he isn't careful.  This is particularly the case when the subject is someone like George W. Bush, whose twangy folksiness and propensity for verbal gaffes have made him a prime target for mimicry and ridicule on the standup-comedy circuit.  Yet, in "W., a biopic of the 43rd President, director Oliver Stone and writer Stanley Weiser have largely avoided falling into this trap by providing us with as fully rounded a portrait of the man as one could reasonably expect under the circumstances.  Indeed, those anticipating a slashing satire or a Bush-bashing screed from the left-leaning Stone will be sorely disappointed by what they'll find in this film.  By keeping the cheap shots down to a minimum, the filmmakers allow us to see Bush more as a figure of tragedy than of scorn, a son who could never fully live up to the expectations placed on him by his father and who, as a result, spent his entire life engaged in a kind of Freudian drama of trying to prove himself to the old man.  In W's case, he also had to contend with competition from a younger brother, Jeb, a golden boy who was altogether smarter and more articulate than George, and clearly the apple of their father's eye.  The movie starts off in 2002, just as Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Powell, Rice, Rove and Wolfowitz are making plans to "sell the Iraq war to the American public.  Using this time period as his outer framework, Stone then delves into a series of flashbacks stretching all the way back to 1966 when Bush was a frat-boy spending most of his time partying at Yale.  From then on we see him as a largely rudderless young man, drinking heavily and unable to hold down a steady job, always looking to daddy - then Senator Bush - to bail him out of his scrapes.  When he hits the age of forty, he undergoes a life-altering, "born-again religious experience that inspires him to give up drinking.  By stages, we see him turning to a career in politics, losing his first election to Congress, but then picking himself up off the floor and becoming a successful contender for Governor of Texas, surrounding himself with savvy political consultants like Karl Rove, who would ultimately help to propel him into the White House (interestingly, the run for the presidency and the voter debacle in Florida are not documented in the film).  It's true that the movie doesn't have much "good to say about Bush - and even less about Cheney who appears as a Mephistophelean figure throughout, the obvious puppet master pulling the strings in their relationship - but Bush is portrayed more as a victim of his upbringing and of circumstances than as an evil or even ill-intentioned person in his own right.  Much of the success of the film lies in the brilliant performance by Josh Brolin in the lead role.  Not only does Brolin have Bush's mannerisms and vocal intonations down pat, but he makes sure that we see the inner workings of the man beneath all the swagger and bluster.  Brolin's thoughtful, sensitive work here helps us to understand how Bush's dogmatic and stubborn nature might actually be the product of his overcompensating for feelings of inadequacy and a poor self-image.  Of course, it is this very dabbling in speculative psychology that is most likely to drive the president's supporters apoplectic with rage while watching this film, but for the rest of us, such an approach actually makes Bush MORE appealing as a person not less so.  Beyond Brolin, there is fine work by James Cromwell as "Poppy Bush, Ellen Burstyn as his mother Barbara, Elizabeth Banks as his wife Laura, and Richard Dreyfuss as the perpetually smarmy Cheney.  There is only one truly awful performance in the film and that is delivered by the normally wonderful Thandie Newton, who turns Condaleeza Rice into a bizarre combination of twisted facial expressions and ear-grating vocal stylings.  As director, Stone's use of tightly-knit close-ups and a persistent - but not distracting - handheld camera brings a much needed quality of immediacy to the movie as it hurtles  through the years at a near-lightning pace.  The script includes many of Bush's most notorious and fondly ridiculed malapropisms and tongue-tied moments - "Is our children learning? "Fool me once...you can't get fooled again, "people are always misunderestimating me - albeit in settings and contexts different from the ones in which they actually occurred.  Critics of the film might view this as yet another example of Stone and Weiser playing fast and loose with the facts, but the goal of "W. is not to provide an etched-in-stone biography of this one specific man but rather a portrait of an individual who engages the audience with his all-too-human frailties and weaknesses.  And at that it succeeds very well.  I can't guarantee how any diehard Bush fan will react to this film, but if you are fair-minded enough to take the plunge, "W. may make you see the man in a somewhat different - perhaps even more favorable - light.
 Considering Oliver Stone's reputation as an unrepentant Bush-loathing liberal, "W.", the director's film about our 44th president, is surprisingly well-balanced and even sympathetic as it portrays the failures of both Bush the man and his administration. The fact that Stone considers the man's reign in the White House a disaster does not mean it lacks objectivity. Except for a few partisan republicans, who can possibly look at the wreckage this man has left behind and not reach the same conclusion?  Josh Brolin's performance holds it all together. He may not look much like Bush, but he captures the man perfectly, from his smirk to his swagger, and, of course, his hilariously inept use of the English language. Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney and Scott Glenn as Donald Rumsfeld are also expertly cast. Some of the other players are a little less convincing. James Cromwell is one of my favorite actors, but he's too sincere and likeable for the role of Bush's two-faced father. Thandie Newton, on the other hand, is downright bizarre as Condelezza Rice. She sounds like Lily Tomlin as Ernestine, the loony phone operator ("One ringy-dingy, two ringy-dingy"). But it's nice to see Stacy Keach, sans mustache, as the Reverand Earle Hudd, a composite of several evangelical ministers who supported Bush's presidential ambitions when his own family did not.  Okay, so Stone imagines incidents in the life of Bush, the private citizen and the commander-in-chief, but this is drama, not documentary, and even the best documentaries are shaped by their makers to express a point of view. Like Stone's other political films ("J.F.K., "Nixon"), "W. is the work of a man with more on his mind than box-office success. That alone makes it worthwhile.  Brian W. Fairbanks
 Like 1995's "Nixon", "W. is a character study of a disgraced conservative president by the famously leftist Oliver Stone that is fundamentally sympathetic to its subject's emotions but unsympathetic to the President's actions. "W doesn't have the depth or nuance of "Nixon", however. Written by Stanley Weiser, the film was shot in only 46 days. Stone calls it a "trim-down movie in which scenes and procedures are simplified and sets less elaborate than they would be in reality. The film takes us through George W. Bush's adult life, starting in 2002 with the President's preparation for his "axis of evil speech and backtracking to his college days at Yale. It proceeds in this way, alternating between preparations for the Iraq war and Bush's earlier life until the two converge.  "W draws on books written about the 43rd president to present George W. Bush (Josh Brolin) as the black sheep of the Bush family, a man driven to take on more than he can handle by his need to impress his disapproving father (James Cromwell), but constrained by a critical lack of intellect
 First, the movie
 I was actually surprised at the fact that I liked this movie. I'm not much for docudrama type movies, and if I'm watching one it usually has something to do with a subject I am interested in. Politics does not fall into this category. But, upon hearing of a George Bush documentary, the first thing that popped into my mind was, "I wonder if he says misunderestimate? I was not disappointed. It went through his asinine years (that is, birth-end of presidency), but it kind of cleared up a few things for me. He might have been an alright president (in the public's eye) if 9/11 and all the war hadn't happened. I mean, c'mon, there is no way to get popular vote during a war. Unless you are able to defeat them single-handedly with no casualties while finding the cure for AIDS. But, I digress. This movie was a rather enjoyable viewing for me. Josh Brolin did a fairly good job portraying him. Ears weren't big enough, though. Anyways, if nothing else, go give it a rent, pay per view, something of that sort.
 W. was easily a four star movie which pulled no punches about our X president, but with few exceptions painted a sympathetic portrait of the man.  I think this film was well done and an excellent transfer to Blue Ray DVD. The DVD also included some very interesting historical background for the film, as well as some speculative source material from which it drew. It depicted the president as a very likeable and sociable man who only wanted to do what he sensed was in the best interest of the country.
 I enjoyed "W greatly.  However, in the United States, I suspect that views of the movie will be seen through the prism of whether one is a Republican or a Democrat.  In my case, as I am not American and merely an outside observer, I think I can be reasonably independent.  So, at the outset, I will state that I both enjoyed the film and believe that George W Bush was a buffoon who brought disrespect to America that is most unwarranted.  America is the great democracy that is seen as the leading nation of the free world.  It is a great pity that it had to endure the eight years of W.  Obviously, Oliver Stone had an axe to grind.  Any viewer of the film should understand this explicitly.  He portrays Bush as a miscreant.  Bush is the son of privilege; the child born with the proverbial silver spoon in his mouth.  This is true and should not be a point of debate.  Indeed, it is to Bush's credit that he was able to overcome his wayward past, sober up and then successfully run for public office.  Josh Brolin plays W and is excellent in the role.  He looks like W and, more importantly, sounds like W.  Only Richard Dreyfuss is more convincing as Dick Cheney.  Yet, it is the story that is more relevant than how closely individual actors picked up the various idiosyncrasies of the main protagonists.  And, it is on this point that Stone succeeds.  He outlines the background to W from his time as frat boy at Yale to the emerging failure of the Iraq war to locate weapons of mass destruction.  But to be fair to Bush, Stone completely glosses over the war in Afghanistan which was arguably essential and achieved success.  As mentioned at the outset, many people will reject this film simply because they know of Oliver Stone's point of view.  This is a shame.  "W is a very good film that, although broadly critical of George W Bush, his policies and his verbal malapropisms is, nonetheless, a rollicking good ride.
 Stone follows the bizarre rise of the most improbable president in our nation's history.  A basically hollow image who became the most powerful man in the world and proceeded to turn it into a mush-minded, bloody morass.  Great actors in supporting roles, and a virtuoso performance by Brolin. A deft and provocative study of the banality of evil.
 Who would have thought that Oliver Stone, creator of the paranoid conspiracy flick, "JFK", would ever come up with a largely empathetic portrait of our recent president? "W chronicles the life of George W. Bush beginning with his days as a drunken frat boy through his days in the Oval office dealing with the War in Iraq and its aftermath.  "W is most successful when we're treated to the 'behind-the-scenes' look at Bush's personality and his interactions with those around him. The most fascinating scenes are the flashbacks which deal with Bush as a young man and his gradual maturation and leap into politics. Josh Brolin does an excellent job capturing the essence of George W. Bush with all his goofy mannerisms. Bush actually comes off as a sympathetic character. Brolin emphasizes Bush's fixation on seeing the world with rose-colored glasses. For Bush, everything is a simple contest between 'good' and 'evil'. His inability to deal with complex issues ultimately leads to policy consequences he's unable to control.  The film is on shakier ground when Stone strays from his tone of behind-the-scenes black humor to heavy-handed political propaganda. This occurs when Stone focuses too much on Colin Powell (who becomes Stone's mouthpiece), with his long-winded dissents over the administration's decision to go to war in Iraq. It's these talky cabinet meeting scenes (particularly in the second half) which slow the movie down. By dealing with dry and familiar political issues and failing to focus on the IDIOSYNRACIES of the characters, one feels as if one is listening to an academic lecture as opposed to viewing scenes fraught with engaging dramatic conflict.  The supporting cast is a mixed bag. Richard Dreyfuss is a dead-ringer for Dick Cheney and does an excellent job of conveying Cheney's 'take no prisoners' philosophy. Toby Jones is less successful as Karl Rove, playing him much 'softer' than he is in real life. I was most disappointed in James Cromwell as George Bush Sr. Whereas Stone made a great effort to have most of the actors resemble those who they were playing, Cromwell doesn't look like George Bush Sr. nor did he make any effort to imitate his voice or mannerisms. Cromwell is better at playing bad guys like in 'L.A. Confidential' or 'Clear and Present Day'; but real life characters need to remind us much more of the real thing. Thandie Newton looks and sounds like Conde Rice but her part is completely underdeveloped. We never get a sense of what she's like as a person (I would have liked to have seen her in a scene where she's playing some classical piano!). Ellen Burstyn as Barbara Bush was okay but seemed a tad bit too young for the part. Elizabeth Banks looks a lot like the young Laura Bush but she never seems to age by the time she's living in the White House. I thought the scene where W. and Laura meet was quite realistic especially with Laura being depicted as opinionated and not willing to be cowed by W. But she never seems to grow as a character in the later scenes (what about all the talk about trouble in their marriage? Or did that come later?)  One gets the feeling that screenwriter Stanley Weiser had access to a a great deal of personal stories about W. and his family which made the film compelling. But he lacked the requisite behind-the-scenes stories concerning the other characters (particularly the cabinet members such as Rumsfield and Colin Powell, who are just there for the history lesson).  "W is an affectionate look at the strengths and foibles of our current president. Oliver Stone is to be commended for examining the life of George W. Bush with empathy which makes for compelling drama. Some of "W is talky and preachy but despite its shortcomings, it's definitely worth seeing.
 Oliver Stone directs an absorbing if somewhat fanciful bio-pic of George W. Bush.  It is not quite a hatchet job but will be enough to irritate Bushies.  The plot line of sibling rivalry between W. and brother Jeb is pure speculation, eclipsed by an Oedipal conflict with Bush the elder.  The cast is extremely strong, especially with Richard Dreyfus channeling the essence of Dick Cheney.  Josh Broland as W. turns in a masterful performance.  Many more years are needed to offer a fair perspective on the Bush era.  In the meantime, Oliver Stone's over the top "adaptation is entertaining and likely to hold your interest, whether you are a fan of The Decider or one of his detractors.
 W. is a film not many people want to see or even discuss because of the subject matter - the career of the country's most unpopular President, the debacle of the Iraq War, and the decimated economy. There is a certain 'guilt' that comes with criticizing the leader of the country, from both conservatives and liberals
 due to a coordinated effort by a right wing web site that hates Oliver Stone and anybody else that doesn't share its ideological slant.  They encouraged their members to write poor reviews to convince you that this movies is not worth your time.  They are angry that Hollywood is able to make a movie about many aspects of Bush's life that were true, but which the corporate owned media didn't allow discussion of.  So if thats who you are too, take their advice because you will hate this movie.  The other 70% of the country should see the movie and judge for themselves.
 Then again, perhaps it is important to focus on his budding personality flaws before we assess all of the damage he has done to America's image with them. Somehow, Jr. has become something of an enigma-is he evil, or stupid? Stone leans toward stupid, but really, he portrays W as a misguided soul with inner conflicts that played into the hands of major power brokers with their own ideas about the future of the country. In light of all of W's early failures in most of his occupational endeavors, it's a convincing GUT of how Dub worked. Stone takes some of the sting out of all of W's recklessness and blundering and presents you an American portrait instead, which may prove infuriating to a good swath of viewers who are expecting a savaging of the Shrub. Brolin is fabulously all over his role as W, everyone else is solid save for Thandie Newton's mousey take on Condoleeza Rice. She had the look down, but her voice coach should have been flogged.  A special note to idiots
 It's basically sort of like a documentary based on former President Bush that I used to show all my friends to show them how our country changed so much over the 8 yrs he was president. It's very accurate in the many issues Bush was involved with, whether the decisions were good or bad (mostly bad in my opinion).
 Oliver Stone has often warned of vast conspiracies involving world political and religious leaders that would eventually coincide with the elimination of the United States and the arrival of the New World Order. He has instructed his followers to sell all their possessions, donate the proceeds to him so that he can make more movies, and flee to rural areas.  In the 1980s, Stone claimed the United States would face an economic collapse; that President Reagan would be removed from office; and that a limited nuclear war would strike the U.S. and wipe out every major city, citing them all name by name. His insistence was that if these prophecies did not come true by May 1988, he would declare himself a false prophet and end his film career. Even as those prophecies of "the upcoming destruction of America famously failed, he has always maintained them to this very day, as proof that those events will eventually occur.  On March 6, 2001, Oliver Stone was purportedly "visited by "a circular, Seven-Angel cloud while eating lunch at a diner in Malibu. This apparition was allegedly witnessed by three other people, and Stone has used this "cloud as a correlation with William Branham. Branham is regarded by some as the "Sixth Angel Messenger, while Stone is seen as the "Seventh Angel Messenger, all derived from interpretations of the Book of Revelation. His vision claimed to see visions of the September 11 attacks months ahead of time; they also intertwined with his classic failed prophecies from years earlier. None of these claims have ever truly been verified.  Some of his movies have addressed his claims of the 1980s claims, including "JFK and "The Doors"; citing New Orleans as proof that "a city was destroyed by God (though it was actually due to the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and not by a nuclear attack). In addition, he has insisted to the media that he is not a false prophet, that "these were never prophecies, but statements and that "anyone who says otherwise is telling a lie and are "liars.  A lot of people are going to bash this film or praise this film depending on their opinion of the sittign president... but to really understand the angle Stone is taking, you must first understand Stone.
 To be honest, I am a liberal who went to this movie expecting to see a funny parody of George W. Bush along the lines of a Michael Moore film.  While I did laugh at times during the film, I left the movie feeling strangely sympathetic towards poor W.  Stone plays it surprisingly straight, presenting Bush as the kid who had trouble finding his way as a grown-up.  The main focus here is on Bush's relationship with his father, particularly his efforts to constantly try to please George the elder and falling short, especially when compared with his brother Jeb.  Stone effectively weaves in flashblacks from Bush's college and early adult years with his first term as President.  Some major events, including the 2000 election and September 11th, are given almost no attention, but again, that's not the main focus of the film.  The movie is superbly cast.  Josh Brolin does an amazing job as W.; he manages to capture Bush's mannerisms in a portrayal that is uncannily accurate without becoming a caricature.  Then there's James Cromwell, who looks and sounds nothing like George Bush senior but somehow manages to depict the former President perfectly just the same.  Most of the other supporting roles are excellent as well, from Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney to Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell; the one exception was Thandie Newton's Condoleezza Rice, who DID feel more like a caricature.  No matter which side of the aisle you find yourself on, this is an engrossing movie with the potential to appeal to many different types of people, and I definitely recommend it.
 The film has a structure similar to Stone's "Nixon", jumping from the present to the past and then back again. The scenes that occur during the presidency focus almost entirely on the Iraq War, while W's biography begins at his Yale fraternity hazing. James Brolin does a brillant job capturing W's mannerisms and good ole boy way of talking. The youthful W is depicted as a hard drinking womanizer who can't hold a job and seems to have no direction in life. After a "born again religious experience he cleans up his act and begins to have political ambitions. But apparent throughout are W's "daddy issues and how he feels Poppy Bush prefers brother Jeb over him. I particularly enjoyed the dream sequence with his father near the end of the movie.  This is closer to a bio-pic than a hachet job. But it is also very much a political satire. The film had the audience laughing throughout and the jokes were mostly at W's expense. It does attempt to explain the psychological motivations behind W's actions and some viewers may leave feeling sympathy for him. But the overall portrait that emerges is of a clownish bumbler in way over his head and being manipulated by Cheney, Rumsfield and Rove into a war with sinister motivations and a tragic outcome.  Not everything that Stone tries here works and I would have preferred a linear timeline and more broadly focused account of W's inept administration that included 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, etc. But the film is entertaining enough and will serve to confirm what most Americans already know - that under W this country has definitely been heading in the wrong direction.
 Here's an odd little movie.  It's a kitchen sink drama about a sitting President of the United States.  Yes, it's got stock footage of the Iraq war, and an all-star casting playing members of the Cabinet, and it's got a greatest-hits collection of everyone's favorite George W. Bush misquotes.  But it's also a sad, downbeat little drama about a man-child who failed at everything he ever did, and then became President just to prove a point to his father -- and failed at that, too.  Oliver Stone's movie has been praised so far for not being overtly political, and for being somewhat sympathetic to its subject.  Still, the director doesn't pull punches on showing "W"'s hard-drinking past, and he lists all of the man's life failures prior to becoming owner of the Texas Rangers.  There are a few trademark manipulative Stone moments -- for example, a pan over the infamous "Mission Accomplished poster quickly jump-cuts to a montage of Iraq insurgent bombshells and wounded veterans.  We also get the moment where the Prseident nearly chokes on a pretzel while watching college football on TV.  And, even though Bush did win the 2004 election, the movie stops short of that in order to end on a surprisingly downbeat note.  This movie is sympathetic to Bush, but it's also quite critical.  There's a fleeting image of John McCain, too, lest we forget the choice we have to make in a couple of weeks.  The cast is almost uniformly superb.  Josh Brolin, playing Bush both in his hard-living 20s and his Presidential late 50s, carries off the role so effortlessly that it's easy to overlook how hard he had to work to make this movie work.  And it does work, thanks to Brolin.  The aces of the supporting cast include James Cromwell as George H.W. Bush -- giving the man a true gravitas that pop culture denied him 15 years ago, when he was being parodied by Dana Carvey and "The Simpsons".  Jeffrey Wright is heroic as Colin Powell.  Finally, Richard Dreyfuss's interpretation of Dick Cheney merits serious Oscar consideration.  No over-the-top trademark Dreyfuss moments here.  He is superb lurking in the shadows and lording over a map of oil wells in the Middle East.  I only had two disappoinments walking out of the theater.  One was the limited scope of the movie.  There's no mention of what history will really recall about the Bush presidency
 Josh Brolin does an excellent job portraying the 43rd President.  The movie itself lets the public have a glimpse of the inter-workings of The Bush-Cheney White House.
 "W is an interesting movie by one of the masters of persuasion, Oliver Stone. Here, Stone tells the story of George W. Bush with subtle and not so subtle biases (heavy drinking tarnishing his image, foul language, etc.) I enjoyed the film, for the most part. The biggest criticism I have is Stone's decision to go back and forth between time periods instead of telling the story from the beginning to end. It all seems to work, however. Stone reinforces all of the negatives that permeated W's life (drinking, especially) in order to create the image that W was unsuited for any of the positions (from a character standpoint) that he held in politics, as well as depicting him as inept and unintelligent. Josh Brolin does a good job as W, but he could've mastered his mannerisms that we've all become familiar with over the years. Richard Dreyfuss plays the perfect Dick Cheney, and does a superior job portraying the VP, though it must've been painful for him to play the role of a conservative. The movie focuses on the Iraq War, and all of the blunders that occured from its inception. In some ways, this movie reminded me of Fahrenheit 9/11, with its satirical components. Overall, this movie works on some levels, but comes up short on others.
 Four stars because all the demands of this difficult project were met by researchers, writers, lawyers, set creators, casting, wardrobe and makeup, cameramen, director, editors, etc. Oliver Stone could bring it through. Unlike the man the picture is about, who could not.  In making this film, Stone knew he would have to travel a straight and narrow path, lawyers to the left of him, lawyers to the right. All the characters in the film are drawn from still living persons, any one of whom if "maligned could wield the injunction club and force reshoots or reedits or entomb the master print for a quarter century. Stone and his financiers would be left reeling. Thus we find ourselves at an anticipated Golden Gloves competition, No Punching Profanity Shouting or Spitting Allowed.  In the first portion of this film, I felt like I was caught up in a flash flood. Finally the appearance of Laura calmed me down, here instantaneously was a warm human being. The restaging of the catastrophic White House doings gave me a You Are There simplified refocus on the existent megaton journalistic trove on the same subjects. The physically towering Father Bush was an indulgent exaggeration to make a point. The film evoked no emotion or insight.  You've heard of the Peter Pan syndrome, but maybe not of Kidult or Puer aeternas. These terms, loosely applied, come to me as I see "George W. Bush in the film. As he envisions himself as the Sports Hero as thousands cheer, as he cockcrows at the frat house, as he saucy flirts with Laura girl, as he stuffs sandwiches into his face, as he bullies, as he makes big hard decisions without a second thought, as he relishes landing on the carrier in a pilot costume, as he finally muddles down tongue-tied at the press conference. (Oliver neglected to include a crucial scene of the President on tv tossing Us the People his bad-cholesterol Texas hushpuppies.)  Peter Pan, Kidult, Puer aeternas, playing with Poppy's gun in the Oval Office. By acclamation and chaddy ballots, Little Boy George, the new leader of Our Gang. (Turn green with envy, Farina.) Well, his eight years of D-minuses and Deportment Poor are over. Somewhere 500 monkeys are keyboarding away, they will either write Hamlet or GWB's Presidential Memoirs. If the latter, it will make millions. But I say Bosh, Mr. Bush, a penny for your thoughts!
 I never was, nor will be, a George W Bush enthusiast, yet I went to the movie because of the director Oliver Stone. He didn't disappoint me. It helped to understand the man, George W a bit more, and even take a liking to him. "W is the absorbing story of a man who ascends the presidency without the necessary skills and experience. Being aware of it, he surrounds himself with veterans and experts of all sorts. That becomes a recipe for disaster both for him and the world. It's not a biography of the man, nor is it a political history. Stone's attempt is a character study of the most intriguing public figure of our time. It's a bit sketchy for that matter. The movie shows fragments from his presidency, interspersed with flashbacks of his youthful years. Some of the very important moments of his life, his handling of 9/11 being an example, are unfortunately left out. Yet the portrayal is complete enough for us to be able to relate to his struggles and pains, and to empathize with him, a man with good intentions surrounded by manipulative people.  The cast is superb with very few exceptions. Josh Brolin, the title character captures it almost perfectly including the mannerisms and the body language we are all familiar with. It's not easy to play the role of such a public person like the President. Josh does it effortlessly. Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss) is well portrayed though he comes across more as a scheming villain than a supportive VP, which is discomforting. The characters of Karl Rove (Toby Jones), Donald Rumsfeld (Scott Glenn), Colin Powell (Jeffrey Wright), and Bush the senior (James Cromwell) are perfectly cast with credibility. Elizabeth Banks who plays Laura Bush is graceful and does justice to the first lady. Whereas Condoleezza Rice portrayed by Thandie Newton did not seem prominent enough to be convincing.  The Iraq war is a recurring theme throughout, along with the reasons for the fateful decision, the struggles and pains of the conflict, the frustrations in not finding WMDs and the personal agony of the man at the helm of affairs. But the movie is much more than that. Unlike the war, the movie ends rather abruptly and inconclusively, leaving the audience to their own final judgments. That is sure to be in favor of the film and Oliver Stone.
 By the way, wasn't The Decider the nickname of one of those NASA-CAR fellas? Hehe.  Ok that's my Bush impression. It's nowhere near a good as Josh Brolin's. Brolin nails the Prez. with nuance, both young Bush and old. He doesn't really shade Bush's character, he just seems to be trying for accuracy in portraying the Prez.  And that's kind of how Oliver Stone approaches this movie. He just lets things happen and lets you decide the importnace and meaning of it all. Some people say he's too easy on Bush, some say he's too hard. This movie's like a mirror, it will refelct your own opinions of the man. Maybe that's it's purpose. Maybe it was meant not to give us the scandalous low-down but to get us to refelct on why we helped elect a man who was really not suited for the job at all. I think the big question of the movie is "How did THIS GUY get to be the most powerful man in the Free World. And Stone only hints at the answers. As a mater of fact, he barely hints at the questions. That's the viewer's job.  Maybe it's not a tell-all, maybe it's Stone being all Socratic-like.   And the ending is pretty stark and frightening considering the fact that W still has a few months in office, during one of the most trying times in our country's history.
 Are Americans ready for a movie that portrays President George W. Bush's life as an Oedipal drama?  In "W, Josh Brolin plays the current president as a kind of Austin Powers party boy with major unresolved father issues.  (In the movie, he does not actually utter the line, "Daddy doesn't love me! but comes close.)  Here, he's invariably second to brother Jeb, which may not be surprising, since the latter (at least here) is able to embark on a career and doesn't constantly require his father's intervention to fix his booboos.  In contrast, W.'s pre-political life is checkered with failure, until he becomes a born again Christian (swapping Poppy for a more forgiving father) and runs for governor of Texas, and eventually President of the United States.  The real hero of the film, if there is one, was James Cromwell's portrayal of Bush Senior, who never completely grasps the effect his behavior has on his son, and who is forced to watch W. commit blunders on a global scale.  Also giving good performances are Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney, and Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice, all of whom must also watch their Commander in Chief bumble his way through the 9-11 crisis with bravado but not a whole lot of sense.  While this way of framing W's life makes for a more sympathetic film than you might expect, it raises questions.  If we're going to place so much emphasis on Bush's upbringing as an explanation/excuse for his political agenda, what about Saddam Hussein and his unresolved father issues?  Or Osama bin Laden, who has a lot of siblings and probably didn't get much of his dad's time?  Would we, as a country, not be in this never-ending war, if the perpetrators' fathers had given them more positive attention?  It's an interesting theory, but there's much more to it than that.
 I guess Bush isn't so bad... as a Christian! Good thing Jesus is suppose to forgive. He would have been a great fraternity brother!
 The two-terms long Presidential Administration of George W. Bush, Jr., was among the most iniquitous political broods of vipers in history postdating the First World War, in the U. S. of A. or elsewhere. Because of that, it is hard to evaluate a film about Bush without it becoming a Rorschach blot for one`s own sensibilities concerning that brutish quasi-troglodyte himself and, as well, his malevolent Svengali-like chief accomplice, Vice-President Dick Cheney, who was even more mendaciously cynical and venile than the other members of Bush`s cabinet; as well to account for, as Oliver Stone`s film does so to too slight extent, is the equally trigger-happy, pro-Zionist, and profiteering innermost coterie within the Pentagon during Bush`s time as president.  Such coteries, of course, burrowed themselves elsewhere into the various branches of U.S. goverment and within the Civil Service, often establishing therein platforms for private gain (when "conflicts of interest too seldom even were acknowledged), for suppressing competition, for "neo-con manipulation of information, for circumvention or even outright elimination of publicly beneficial regulation (especially of financial institutions), and for skewing policy and its enforcement to their own favour and to the political, diplomatic, and military fortunes of their neo-con ideology. Stone alights fleetingly and obliquely upon some aspects of this here and there in his film, which, however, is far from emphasising the motives of personal enrichment as, under Bush Jr. and under Obama, the U.S. has been morphing into militaristic, autocratic kleptocracy. The film treats at considerable length many of these matters, for example and importantly, the Bush Administration`s deeply entrenched connexions in, and profits from, the petroleum industry in the U.S. and in the Middle East (which the film and its special features, indeed, do emphasise but don`t note explicitly enough the orgy of profiteering greed and partiality which that engendered among the Republican super-rich oil barons). Furthermore, there is dealing with such matters, too, but still rather cautiously, among what "W., the Official Film Guide", the DVD-Rom special feature on this DVD of the film, amplifies in words.  The film itself attempted to touch upon these matters with subtlety (perhaps too much so for optimal effectiveness) rather than with hard-hitting explicitness. Neo-con zealots who make their own deluded projections upon the central figure of his time and of this film as somehow being of heroic stature only show what fools that they can be.  All of that said, it would have been better for this viewer, maybe for others, also, to see the special features documenting this film. They are really excellent and "Dangerous Dynasty
 George W. Bush, is not only considered the WORST President by Presidential historians, but he is also considered the most controversial. Oliver Stone did his best (with what he had to work with at the time) of what was known about George W.Bush (as most of his past has been sealed up lock and key; him testifying before the SEC about his failed businesses and his businesses investments, his driving record in New Hampshire, him disappearing when he was transferred from the Texas Air National Guard to the Alabama Air National Guard), and, love him or hate him, Oliver Stone made the film and did his best with what he had to work with.  George W. Bush (Josh Brolin) is a hard-drinking, trouble-making, Yale baseball cheerleader. He get's into Yale (thanks to his father, who he calls "Poppy throughout the film), get's into TONS of trouble (George W. Bush was the first person as President to enter office with a criminal record), and after he graduates from Yale, he meets his future wife Laura Welsh (Elizabeth Banks) at a BBQ. The film goes back and forth with him as a young man and through the beginnings of the stages of Gulf War 2. The film also goes through the events of him running for the Texas State Senate; he loses, and it's their that he becomes a born-again Christian. His father, runs for the White House in 1988, wins, and his son George helps him with his public campaign; it's their that George W. Bush meets Karl Rove (Karl Rove has been known as 'Bush's Brain', and Karl's nickname, given by W. was 'turd blossom'). Karl helps George run for Governor of Texas beating Texas Democratic Governor Ann Richards in 1994. As George W. Bush's second term as Texas Governor ends in 1999, he decides to run for President. As said before, the film goes back and forth with him giving the call to invade Iraq and overthrow Saddam Hussein; as we all know, the victory was short-lived and began a bloody insurgency against American troops and our allies in Iraq.  As for George W. Bush, Oliver Stone portrays him as confused, and just being used as a puppet while his Vice President Dick Cheney was holding the real power; George was just for show. The people in his Administration showed extreme loyalty to him, and never disagreed with him about anything (except with a few; one being Colin Powell). George, in the film, looks and feels like a small child who is lost and doesn't understand what is going on with everything around him.  The historical inaccuracies are here and there, but I explained what they were; one of them (I failed to mention) was his two failed oil businesses called Arbusto Energy and Harken Energy; it wasn't mentioned in the film, but it also doesn't mentioned his connections once his failed businesses filed for Chapter 11 (who bailed him out); the people that bailed him out where The Bin Laden Group for an undisclosed amount of money (his testimony to the Securities and Exchange Commission is under lock and key for another 40 years), his driving record in New Hampshire in 1974 is under lock and key, and what happened to him during those two years when he was transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard is anybody's guess.  Through this film does have some historical inaccuracies, it definitely brings George W. Bush as just plain confused, and trying to get under daddy's shadow (as he is trying to do through the whole film). It's a interesting look at the most controversial Presidents in American history; is it missing some facts? Yes it is, but if you go into this film, and look at it for what it is, you will see it is rather well told.
 An excellent well paced portrayal of a President who isn't so much incompetent as out of his depth. His advisers such as the wily and hawkish Dick Cheney (skillfully played by Richard Dreyfuss), Donald Rumsfeld and Condy Rice (who comes across perhaps rather fittingly as a bit of a nerdy academic) run rings around him by appealing with great success to his inadequacies. Stone ensures he remains a sympathetic character because of an endearing vulnerability, despite the destructive consequences of a President swinging between florid impulsiveness on the one hand and crippling indecisiveness on the other. The closing scene says it all.
 `W' follows George W Bush's path to the Whitehouse and when there, the path to war with Iraq. He comes across as a spoilt, rich boy desperately seeking his fathers approval and who slowly starts to believe his own hype and propaganda. This film shows how much influence Cheney actually had and also how much Karl Rove manipulated and lead Bush throughout his political career. The war is shown to be about oil and imperialist ambition and although Bush believed in what he was doing, he is shown to be misguided and flawed in his world view. This film is well directed with excellent performances from both Brolin and Dreyfuss. Thandie Newton, on the other hand, was terrible, her accent and overall acting is very wooden and lacks any skill whatsoever. Bush comes across as a very religious man and ultimately he let his religion influence his politics, to the detriment of world political stability and this film shows that aspect very well. This isn't the most flattered bio-pic of George W Bush but it does give a deeper understanding of his character, even if it does reinforce your negative opinions of him and his deeply flawed administration. Worth a viewing.  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 I have not bought the dvd for this movie but it may be worthwhile.  I would give the movie higher marks than what has been given on imdb and here on amazon.  It's a good movie.  It not only gives insight on W's earlier life but actually does a rather good portrayal of the administration.  I think all the actors in the movie did a fine job in their respective roles.  Now as for Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condoleezza Rice.  Some say it was awful and cartoonish.  I would agree to a certain extent.  It made Rice look subservient and dumb.  But the characteristics of Rice was quite accurate with a touch of being over the top.  You'll definitely catch it and actually made me laugh.  But maybe that was the premise of the movie.  To have this "loopy lost feeling to it. Just listen to the soundtrack with the whimsical French accordion playing.  You didn't keep your eye on the ball, George.  You lost the ball! 
 I never cared for George Bush. He just didn't seem to take his job as President seriously. When Katrina was happening ,and our economy was in the crapper, he seemed to be walking around carefree. And what was up with all of his winking and smirking when talking about serious issues? Was he just dumb or plain evil? Oliver Stone goes with ambitous yet not so bright. A guy that hangs out with power hungry lunatics looking for a patsy at their beck and call. His Bush plays like a Forrest Gump ,(only with less heart)who by several strokes of luck and lots of dirty work by his minions becomes Governor of Texas ,then President. I have to say this is not what I expected from Oliver Stone. I thought for sure Oliver would make mincemeat out of our former potus.But instead , he does a character bio of rich kid who is always in the shadows of his father and his successful younger brother. All this Bush wants to do is succeed at something without his father's help. The soundtrack is pitch perfect. He even uses an old Alan Jackson song called Chattahoochie. Josh Brolin really crawled into Bush's skin and played him well. But Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney is downright scary. Dreyfuss wasn't alotted much screen time, but whenever he was in a scene , he pounced on it , like a shark in for the kill.  It was funny in parts,just the way Oliver Stone pieced this together ,but hard to watch because our country is still reeling from all the damage that was done during Bush 8 years in office.
 The Bottom Line
 Like Stones' other biopics of american presidents this is very well crafted. Josh Brolin does a great job starring as Bush jr, and in some scenes he is eerily lookalike. The film alternates between the time just before the invasion of Iraq, and episodes from W
 To begin with, I confess that Mr. Stone's other contemporary Presidential biopic, "Nixon, has held my attention and admiration as my third favorite film, ever since I first saw it many years ago. So, it was inevitable that I could be disappointed by this new work, especially without the cinematographer Robert Richardson attached--and yet, I knew better. Here, the subject is G.W., who entered our lives well after the onslaught of epidemic political cynicism and 24-hour news cycles cranked out by media conglomerates. It is in fact Nixon who, Stone argued, marked the beginning of this terrible loss of innocence, making him truly the last great archetype of Greek-tragedy proportions (an aspiration that truly defines Mr. Stone's estimable oeuvre). Adding to that, our sitting President is not an especially nuanced or complicated human being--yet, human nonetheless, and what occurs to me is that any sincere attempt to plumb W.'s humanity could only make him so much more human than the truly villainous figure to whom we attribute countless loss of life and arrogant mismanagement of our centralized government.  That is, to be true, what happens in the film "W. And again, if Oliver Stone is accused of obsessing over Greek mythology, here we can see new pangs reminiscent of Arthur Miller with his skill of dissecting the American family. It is widely reported, and all-too-simplistic, that the underlying conflict of this film is Oedipal, as between George H.W. and George W. But what I believe the viewer leaves with, after watching this film, is not any profound intrigue about that relationship between father and son, but rather the inevitable "Cabinet family that creeps onto the prodigal son as he plods into his proof that he is stronger than his father, more deserving of his father's love, more deserving than Jeb, and "born again. Indeed, one important discipline I've always practiced during the end credits of a film I care about is eavesdropping, and tonight I heard several iterations of a startling conclusion
 Josh Brolin carries this movie and embodies George Bush brilliantly.  You get wrapped up in his portrayal without it being a distraction.  Isn't that what's most important when taking on a role like this?  I think the movie remained fair and accurate without being overly liberal, considering most of the talent involved I'm assuming, were not Bush Fans!  The old quote "just reportin' the facts, folks comes to mind.  I think this film put a face on how George Bush operated and functioned as a man and as our Commander In Chief.  I'm sure republicans will only deny most of the films accuracy, but I think we all know this was just a tiny slice of what really went on in that man's world.  Actually he was probably WORSE than what this film portrayed, I think they were being NICE and in the end, generous to George Bush as not too humiliate and slander him any more than what he's already done to himself.  The end scene plays out in a prolific statement that the sport he so loved baseball, was how Bush saw himself in the field of politics.  And when it really counted, that last chance at catching a home-run ball, the moment eludes him, the ball flies over his head and all he can do is sit there and look dumbfounded.  Such as his 8 years in office.  This film confirms my belief that George Bush really was a terrible man and comes from a spoiled arrogant family that seems to think they are entitled to the world on a platter.  Humble he was not which is a contradiction to his religious lifestyle.  This film is a testament to the worst presidency our country has ever had the misfortune to endure.  A special shout-out to the actor who played Colin Powell.  There was one scene that added some much needed comic relief when he told Cheney to f@#$ off.
 I will say this for Mr. Stone; he is a very brave man.  He's known as one of our most controversial directors and he continues to push the envelope, not only with subject but also with construction.  Because of that he is a very `love him or hate him' kind of director.  Look at his work on films like `World Trade Center', `JFK', `Platoon' and `Natural Born Killers'.  These are all films that are so strongly opinionated and controversially designed that the illicit in the audience a reaction of acceptance or repulsion.  Case in point; I hated `World Trade Center' yet I consider `JFK' to be one of the strongest character biopics I've seen.  So, continuing his quest for offence, Stone decided to make a biopic on the man we all have grown to unabashedly condemn as the single worst human being brought into power in the history of the world.  Okay, so not everyone feels that way; and personally I won't even go there (since this particular subject is such a sore spot) but the general consensus is that Bush hacked up the country.  The fact that Stone wanted to do Bush's biopic is not the controversial part.  What is though is the fact that Bush was still serving as President when the film was released.  He didn't even wait for the term to end before he jumped in the director's chair and publicly critiqued the man's life.  He may have been the most hated, but technically he was still the most powerful.  Well, after seeing the film I can finally weigh in on how I feel Mr. Stone has done.  Stone and I have had a rocky past.  I've publicly denounced his seemingly vapid attempts to shed light on the atrocities of 9-11 or his attempt to humanize a certain rockstar, and yet, as I mentioned, he floored me with his powerhouse of a film called `JFK' and a recent viewing of `Platoon' has cemented the film in my soul.  So, lets say that I was excited to see what he could do with Bush, yet I wasn't getting my hopes up too high.  I liked this much more than I thought I would have.  Stone was smart in his construction here, which totally helps with the films pacing and storytelling ability.  Instead of telling the story chronologically, Stone opted to tell the story in vignettes that shift back and forth from college years to Presidency to his time as Governor.  This way the film always stays engaging.  I was shocked, but the film also never felt confusing, which sadly can happen with this style of storytelling.  The script is centered enough to keep the focus grounded and keep our attention.  I'm not a very political person and even I understood everything that was going on.  The inspired casting is also a huge bonus.  Much has been said of Brolin's performance, which is close to perfection here; but he isn't the only one.  Richard Dreyfuss, James Cromwell and Toby Jones all deliver understated yet powerful performances (Newton may have nailed her character, but she does so at the expense of the film, creating a caricature as apposed to a genuine person), especially Cromwell who embodies Bush Sr. with a sense of self-centered sympathies needed in aiding ones understanding of Bush Jr.  So, with that said, Brolin delivers the performance of his career as President George W. Bush.  What is so impressive about this film is that while it never condones any of the horrific decisions Bush made, and it in no way shape or form paints him to be an intelligent or considerate person, it allows the audience to sympathies with the man's very human issues.  We see him being manipulated by the people around him and his genuine feelings.  Whether he is striving for his father's approval (I felt the films opening and closing with Bush in the roaring baseball stadium were perfect symbolisms of his desperation for acceptance) and struggling to find his own voice amidst the suggestions of others (that last press conference is a sublime example of this man's utter loss of individuality), `W.' paints Bush as a man, plain and simple.  No matter what your feelings are on this man and what he has done to the world, Stone delivers a sympathetic look at what could have led things to go as wrong as they did.  I was very impressed with this because it would have been very easy to spend two hours condemning a man for his mistakes.  Instead, Stone chose to point them all out yet he (along with Brolin) give this man enough of a soul that we can almost sympathize with his failure.  What is so commendable about Brolin is that he doesn't just deliver mimicry but embodies this man with passion and uncovers who he really was, or at least who Stone perceives him to be.  So, regardless of how accurate this one is (Stone has always been more intent of delivering his personal interpretations, which is what any visionary director SHOULD do) it is still a very insightful, enlightening and engaging portrait of a man we all think we know.  It has its flaws (some of the scenes can feel like a series of overlong conversations strung back to back) but it also has its shining moments.  If you can take the good with the bad (or visa-versa) than this is a film you should see.
 Oliver Stone's "W had the most uncomfortable effect upon this viewer of generating actual pity for George Walker Bush, a man who has wreaked more destruction and sorrow on the planet than any President in the history of the United States.  My basic attitude toward any Stone film is "big deal without necessarily seeing the film.  I've never understood the OS phenomenon.  Particularly with respect to his "political films, filled with disinformation so far reaching and absurd that one is tempted to call them propaganda.  (The film "The Doors was absolutely awful and a complete waste of a great subject. It's "success is a consequence of the naivete of the viewers and the "music video strain in early 90's film.) "JFK was entertaining in a horror/intrigue sort of way, but at no point was it remotely in contact with reality.  "NBK was just futile depravity shot in really "cool hues of studio light.  This film, though, garners some real respect.  There is not one scene in this move that is sensationalistic or cannot be verified factually.  All one need do is crack open a respected bio(psy) of George W.'s reign of terror to corroborate information. "State of Denial by Bob Woodward was obviously a big influence.  Ellen Burstyn is an actress who has a talent for playing women in some scary/miserable situations.  One recent example is "Requiem For A Dream", playing a drug addled mother imbibing speed constantly to avoid acknowledging her son's rapidly escalating heroin addiction.  I maintain that I would rather be the mother of the demon possessed Regan MacNeil in William Friedkin's classic "The Exorcist than the mother of George W. Bush or Bush Sr's wife.  As the woman who once told the press that there was no need for her to waste "as beautiful a mind as her own on the messy business of body counts launched by her husband's insurrections, Burstyn does a fantastic job.  All steel.  The madness of the Bush/Cheney administration is given a by turns comical, depressing, and sad treatment.  Josh Brolin looks nothing like Bush, but he acts *just* like him
 Just how could a man who couldn't hold a steady job or earn an honest living until he was well into his forties become president of the USA? This is the question under examination in W., a film that fails to make much of an impact because it can't make up its mind as to what it wants to be (kind of like the young W. himself). Its not quite leftist propaganda because the portrait is too sympathetic to be dismissed as simply that but its not exactly fair and balanced either. Stone seems to be motivated by a desire to allow us unprecedented (albeit fictional) access to a complex and flawed individual (aren't we all) who has strong convictions but who at the same time is a comic figure who never takes himself that seriously and is not taken seriously by those closest to him. To a certain extent Stone makes sense of the contradictions that mark this divided man (half clown, half crusader) and the result is a personal and political comedy of errors. Substantively the film essentially gets things right
 A lot of people will hate "W. People who love/respect the former president will find it distasteful, biased and untrue. Those who hate the man will probably find it as an over glorified and too restrained portrait of a man who many call the "worst president of all time". So, who is this movie for? In my opinion, anyone who just likes good biographies.  "W.", Oliver Stone's controversial biopic of George W. Bush from his college days to the end of his first term as president is a fascinating film that you just need to see. "W. marks what is possibly the first film by the director that actually just shows the story. There is really no way to tell which way the writer/director voted in 2000 and 2004 based on this film because it's that neutral. There are scenes where speech flubs are made (the famous "misunderestimate is casually throw out near the end), fights (both verbal and nearly physical) between father and son Bush and moments of complete embarrassment (in a press conference Bush tries to remember a reporter's name but comes out with "Miss China because the woman is Asian). These could be taken as signs that this is a Bush-bashing film, but how can something be demeaning if Bush actually said and did these things?  According to Stone, everything in this film can be proven with documented evidence (with the exception of several 'dream sequences' where Bush is on a baseball field). In fact, there's apparently a documentary or book in the making chronicling all the sources used to make the film.  I'm sure Bush supporters will find this evidence falsified and inaccurate, but regardless nothing happens in the film, I feel, that doesn't seem far fetched or made up. Most of what's shown was publicly seen by millions so I don't see how that can be untrue.  But by this using this straight forward approach to Bush's life and presidency is where Bush haters will jump off the wagon as well. Early advertisements for this film make it appear as a comedy; a real roast of the 43rd president, but to the dismay of those expecting that, it's not.  I know people will disagree, but I feel this film to be one of the most unbiased biographies ever made; and to think it came from Oliver Stone only adds to my praise for the director and his work.  The performances are all universally excellent. While not my first choice to play the commander-in-chief, Josh Brolin is amazing. There are moments when you actually believe it's Bush onscreen (the voice is extremely realistic). Elizabeth Banks (as Laura), James Cromwell (as H.W.), Ellen Burstyn (as Barbara) and Toby Jones (as Karl Rove) are never truly convincing in their respective parts, but still put on a pretty good illusion. The actor to see in this movie, however, is Richard Dreyfuss; who morphs himself into Dick Cheney. The disgruntled facial expressions, slightly hunched shoulders and those menacing dark eyes can send chills down your spine. But we get no more than that. In fact, the only viewpoint we get is Bush's and no one else's; this is really "THE George Bush Movie"; "BUSHOVISION as I remarked after watching the film. This helps and hurts the film, because you want to see what's going on in the lives of those around Bush as well, but you don't. Maybe there will be a Cheney film next; I'm thinking "Undisclosed Location as a title.  Regardless of the controversy that has surrounded this film, if you like biopics, then this movie is for you. But if you're looking for a Bush-praising or Bush-bashing story then move along, because this is neither.
 Saw this last night. Oliver Stone in W. focuses on G.W. Bush's alcohol fueled youth, and the  Iraq war.  Bush's presidency is too recent to seek historical perspective. Stone is smart to not try. He gives the film a satirical flavor--deliniates Bush as a hard-drinking, "from the gut Texas cowboy, with Dick Chaney pulling the reigns. You can argue merits, but Bush in W. is likable if not bright. Fun to watch.  The history is also given quasi-comic treatment
 Wasn't <a href="http
 Put aside your feelings about George W. Bush and his administration (hard, I know, but try) and just sit back and marvel at what Oliver Stone and his stellar all-star cast have been able to achieve here.  Despite an anti-Bush sentiment, Stone has produced a surprisingly compassionate portrait of our 43rd President, focusing on the central force driving him--the strained and prickly relationship between the ne'er do well son and his remote, super-competent father.  Stone theorizes that the younger Bush was driven to the White House in a quixotic quest to prove to his father that he could, finally, make good.  Considering that W.'s Presidency has ruined the political influence of the Bush dynasty for generations to come, it only highlights the inherent pathos of the man who, even after ascending to the highest office any human being can hold, still labors in the paternal shadow, and worse--in the shadow of international scorn.  The non-linear narrative begins during an Oval Office meeting to craft the "Axis of Evil speech, and thereafter jumps back and forth between events of Bush's early life as a Yale frat pledge, party boy, job slacker, failed businessman  and drunk to events of his first term leading up to the 2003 Iraqi invasion.  Closed-door conversations are dramatically recreated, but otherwise the plot follows well-documented sources.  The episodic, almost picaresque plot is not the reason to watch, however.  That would be Josh Brolin's centerpiece performance  as W.  He does not so much imitate as channel George W. Bush--though the facial resemblance is slight, the squint, the cowboy swagger, and most importantly, the vocal mannerisms are all there.  I challenge anyone watching this doppelganger of W. to not at times, if only for a minute, forget you are watching an actor and not the genuine article onscreen.  Following last year's career-resurrecting turn in "No Country for Old Men", Josh Brolin (whose rocky early career and dynastic connections mirror his subject's own) emerges as an American acting powerhouse, to be misunderestimated as a pretty-boy lightweight no more.  As W., the younger Brolin follows in his father's footsteps by portraying a past Republican President.  (James Brolin played Ronald Reagan in the HBO movie "The Reagans".) Had the younger Brolin's subject not been so deeply, brutally unpopular, he might have received a very deserved Oscar for his work here.  Brolin receives support from an all-around excellent cast who embody various figures from the Bush family and W.'s Cabinet.  Much has been made of Richard Dreyfuss' curmudgeonly turn as skew-jawed, power-hungry Dick Cheney (who W. called "Vice"), and he is very good, indeed.  But the real scene-stealer here is James Cromwell as the patrician patriarch, G. H. W. Bush, who gets off the best lines of the movie as he's remonstrating with Junior about the integrity of the Bush family name.  Also deserving of a singular mention is Thandie Newton as Secretary of State Condolezza Rice, who undergoes a total, vaguely creepy metamorphosis to play Bush's #1 yes-woman.  The diminuative Newton nails Rice's hairstyle, posture, facial expressions, and nasally inflections to an eerie degree,  but lacks the elegance of the statuesque Rice, and subsequently the screen presence to make her Rice more than a rather cruel caricature.  Still, it's amazing to see this tiny British thespian transform herself into a completely different woman with the aid of some pretty fantastic makeup effects.  The rest of the cast hardly puts a foot wrong in their respective roles.  Bravura turns all around.  At the end of this journey with Stone and Co., you may still be infuriated about the Bush years, but hopefully you will gain at least a little more illumination about the flawed yet driven individual at the center of it all.  Regardless of your political affiliations or your opinion of previous Stone movies, I call this one a don't-miss for the performances alone.
 "W. is a look at the 43rd President of the United States (Brolin), and is told in a non-linear fashion.  The main story takes place from about 2002 onward, while flashing back to key points in Bush's past, including his time at Yale, meeting Laura (Banks), working for his father (Cromwell), and his decision to run for governor of Texas.  In the "present", Bush is dealing with the Iraq war and its ramifications.  "W. is an odd film that sometimes tries to be a serious drama, and other times branches off into satire territory.  It is interesting, looking at Bush's "daddy issues and their motivation for the man he becomes.  But then, performances like Newton's Condoleezza Rice are downright campy and take away from the overall effect of the film.  Also, dream sequences undermine the factual elements of the film, since it is unlikely that President Bush had any input into this film.  Brolin's performance is solid enough to make this worth seeing.  Bush does not really come off that bad, the same cannot be said for Cheney.  Liberals will think it doesn't go far enough, conservatives will think it went to far, and those in the middle will probably find it the most interesting.  Any way you look at it, "W. will have you talking.
 Talk about bait and switch... and I'm glad for the foolery.  I'm a strong Texas Liberal and planned on two hours of laugh out loud enjoyment at our native son's expense.  But I got so much more.  Oliver Stone ignored the 2000 election and 9/11, to focus on Bush as a real person.  I have met President Bush on several occasions and I can say, despite being part of the Republican machine he is a most likeable guy.  Stone must have known this as well.  You may enter the theater a Bush critic, but you will leave an empathizing Bush critic.  Elizabeth Banks was soft and believable as Laura Bush.  She seemed like the type of person someone like Bush would be pulled to and depend on.  I was afraid she would be portrayed as a caricature of herself
 I must disagree, I love any and all b/w programs or movies in the now beautiful colorization process. I only wish Superman, Honeymooners & I Love Lucy were in color. To the blind closed minded ones who refuse to accept the current facts, it's not your father's colorized movies anymore. Today the coloring process has advanced to the point where each and every item in the picture is assigned a separate and accurate color. Have you seen the beautiful job done on the Sherlock Holmes movies, Woman In Green, Terror By Night, Secret Weapon and Dressed To Kill? Excellent, fantastic, you couldn't ask for a more beautiful picture. Not one false note in the frame, great. The colorizing being done today is truly advanced and wonderful looking. I'll choose my beautiful colorized "Casablanca anytime over the dull drab b/w world of the standard issue b/w image. I even bought 3 copies of the Colorized Casablanca, it was such the dream come true.  Films and TV shows were shot in b/w in the old days because it was the most economical way to shoot. It was "the standard of the day, just as color is the standard of today. They didn't shoot in b/w because they wanted to show the beauty of a b/w picture anymore than movies today are shot in color simply because they want to exhibit the wonders of color. It was the standard, NOT an artistic hoity toity vision of b/w pureness. To the folks who only want b/w, fine enjoy, BUT PLEASE DO NOT TAKE AWAY THE PLEASUE OF COLOR FROM THE REST OF US. You may pretend to like b/w over color all you want, but if you could get off your high prentious horse for just a politically incorrect moment you would have to admit color is a natural way and a more interesting way to look at an image in monochrome. If b/w was as highly attractive as you pretend, then why is it that ALL b/w movies sold on DVD or VHS always have a color picture on the front to represent the movie it contains? Why not be honest and put on a typical b/w drab uninteresting picture of the b/w movie on the cover of the DVD? Why not use a b/w cover picture? Because no one would buy it, b/w is not attractive, it implys old, has been and out of date. A color image is of today, of the present, and does not look like an ancient relic of the past. I love watching Laurel & Hardy in color. I have all of their talkie shorts and Roach movies in color and it's just like watching a new video, not an ancient relic of a by-gone day. Color makes Laurel & Hardy seem of the present and happening now. It's a wonderful thing. Go to this Amason website below and see for yourself the beauty of a newly colorized movie. This is a great listing of all the beautiful colorized movies made today. I've bought just about every one of them, and I've not been disappointed yet.  And to all the spoil-sports who refuse everyone the freedom to choose for themselves, color or b/w, the back of my hand to you.  These discs even contain BOTH versions, the dull, drab, boring b/w and the beautiful wonderfully illustrious colorful artful masterpiece of the lovely colorized version.  So you elitist snobs can still put on your blinders and continue to pretend to only liking b/w and buy this disc, because the b/w version is there in addition to the perfect color version.  But I'm not believing the politically correct crowd for one minute, for all their false indignation, I just know they are secretly basking in the glorious color version, while of course, denying ever watching it.  You just know, given the choice, anyone with any taste at all will naturally choose to watch the color version, who wants to see a ugly b/w picture when a wonderful color one is right there beside it.  I LOVE COLORIZATION and love even more calling the bluffs of all the so-called members of the good-taste society who PRETEND not to like colorization, but watch hungily any and all color movies, as well they should.  Too bad they just can't admit colorization's superiortiy over the sleep-inducing b/w image.  Buy this & all colorized movies, you won't be disappointed, they look great today.  Colorization has come a long long way from when it first started.  BRAVOISIMO, more colorized movies please, I can't wait to buty the next one!  The perfect world?  When all b/w movies and tv shows are colorized, then we'll have paradise.
 THE MARK OF ZORRO is a better interesting book. Zorro is always fighting for the peoples rights. HE is in love with this woman MS. Lolita. But in order to get her love he needs to fight and for her love. I do recommender but it needs more details.
 This is arguably the best film version of Johnston McCulley's costumed swordfighter of old California, beating out both the 1920s Douglas Fairbanks film and the recent Banderas/Hopkins blockbuster (although both are good films in their own rights).  What this film has is Golden Age Hollywood style in spades
 First, I'll agree with all the other posters on the quality of the story and acting. Swashbuckling, action fun in a way that simply doesn't get made anymore. If you enjoyed Adventures of Robin Hood with Errol Flynn, you'll like this one too - two of the actors from Robin Hood even appear in Zorro in almost identical roles.  So, now to the annoying feature that lost this particular version a star
 This edition has been wonderfully restored, though I refused to watch the colorized verison.  The movie itself sets the tone for so many other Zorro movies and Power does a great job switching between the two personnas.  Of course, the highlight of the film is the sword fight between Power and Rathbone---Both were highly trained in fencing and it shows in the scene---no stuntmen and no long shots.  It will spoil you for such battles in other films, where all they did was speed up the film.  Extras---there was an edition of Biography, on Tyrone Power, but that was about it.  Sadly, few DVD manufacturers bother to actually spend any time with interviews or the like.  Otherwise, well worth adding to your library.
 Tyrone Power - the swashbuckling answer to Errol Flynn - is cast as the agile masked avenger who decides to take up the people's cause in disguise leaving his 'mark' "Z everywhere, on walls, coach, wooden barrels and human chest...  Power - in a double leading role - is at his best as Zorro, climbing, jumping, riding and fencing, determined to finish with tyranny and oppression by terrorizing, and retrieving taxation funds and by challenging a cunning officer, proving in public his indifference, his ostentation and irony as a perfect pacifist fop in 19th-Century Spanish California, confusing and deceiving his aristocratic father Don Alejandro Vega (Montagu Love), the deposed Alcalde...  The inspired casting (in supporting roles) recalls "The Adventures of Robin Hood.  Linda Darnell is the pretty Lolita, Quintero's charming niece, who loves the mysterious hero and can't tolerate the fop until she is told that they are the image of the same person...  Basil Rathbone, one of the most durable of screen villains who has mastered stage fencing but never won a Swordfight, plays the cruel captain Esteban Pasquale, the Alcalde's military adviser... He is a second-rate soldier of fortune who leads the campaign of frustrating taxation, who considered Diego "a fancy clown but who suggests a practical plan, an alliance for the good of the state...  J. Edward Bromberg is the cowardly Alcalde, Don Luis Quintero, a corrupted thief, enemy of the people, whose tyranny and avarice are always enforced by the treachery of his iron hand, the rigorous captain Esteban...  Eugene Palette plays the mission 'fat' priest (Father Felipe) who ignores that Diego is the opposing force...  The high point of the picture is the fantastic duel between Power and Rathbone, a masterpiece of screen Swordplay...  Rouben Mamoulian succeeds in making two great stars dance to an unheard music... With a touch of a great filmmaker, Mamoulian mixes harmoniously movement and action, decor and lightning with rage and turmoil, heroism and romance...  Under Alfred Newman's Oscar-Nominated score and despite the unusual absence of Technicolor, the film (the first of the great Tyrone Power swashbucklers ) is great fun, full of vitality and suspense, an exciting, deliciously ironic swashbuckler...
 Upon returning to California from military training in Spain, Don Diego Vega (Tyrone Power) is shocked to see the wretched condition of the peasants and assumes the guise of Zorro to strike terror into the heart of the greedy alcalde (J. Edward Bromberg) who has usurped the position of Don Diego's own father (Montagu Love).  This is Hollywood swashbuckling at its finest.  Power is excellent not only as the dashing, heroic Zorro, but also very amusing when he puts on foppish airs to make everyone believe that Don Diego is an insignificant dandy.  Basil Rathbone makes a strong impression as the alcalde's chief henchman.  His swordfight with Power is a highlight of this exciting film.
 I had this in black and white. The color version looks like it was filmed in color. This makes the film more enjoyable. When an older movie can be colorized properly I'm satisfied! The early days of colorization were mostly a miss. Glad to see that they are so good that it appears to have been made in color.
 exclaims Basil Rathbone when he gets a peek into all the loot that's in the coffers he's stealing from Father Eugene Pallette. But of course what he doesn't know is that it was all just put in there by Zorro aka Tyrone Power. "The Mark of Zorro is a very entertaining romp in old California, when the Spanish nobles still had a lot of sway. Basil Rathbone is simply wonderful as the fencing master who takes an instant dislike to Diego, Tyrone Power's true identity. That's because Gale Sondergaard, heretofore Rathbone's mistress, is now casting glances at Power, who is pretending to be something of a sissy. This is disgusting to senorita Linda Darnell, who respects a Real Hombre, like Zorro. Power is drawn to her, not Sondergaard, but romance has to take a second seat to righting some wrongs. Really great duelling scenes, and some pretty advanced dialogue about an analogy between fruit and Diego make for a picture worth seeing.
 +++++  (Note that this review is for the DVD distributed by Fox Home Entertainment and released in March 2004)  This movie, based on the story "The Curse of Capistrano, is about the son of a Californian nobleman (Tyrone Power) coming home in the 1820s from Madrid, Spain to find his father's land (the father is played by Montague Love) under a villainous dictatorship (the dictator is played by J.E. Bromberg with his assistant being played by Basil Rathbone).  On the one hand he plays the foolish, vain aristocrat, while on the other he's the masked avenger Zorro (Tyrone Power again).  He, as the disguised Zorro, works to restore his father to power and return tax money stolen by the dictator.  As if this is not enough, he even finds time to romance the ruling tyrant's niece (Linda Darnell).  This movie reminded me of "The Adventures of Robin Hood but without Errol Flynn and the lush, colorful background of Sherwood Forest.  Not only is the storyline (as described above) similar but there are even some of the same actors.  I've already mentioned Basil Rathbone (perhaps most famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes") who again plays a similar role as a villain but there's also Eugene Pallette who also plays a similar but expanded role as a friar.  As in "Robin Hood", there is a thrilling sword duel between our hero (but in his nobleman duds) and the tyrant's assistant.  (Note that this duel is not as thrilling as the one in "Robin Hood.")  I found both the cinematography and the musical score quite well done.  The acting especially by Tyrone Power is very good.  I felt that Tyrone Power did not appear often enough as Zorro.  This movie is sometimes slow and lacks energy in places.  I also found that the black and white gave the movie an unintentional claustrophobic feeling.  Finally, the transfer to DVD could have been better but I found it acceptable.  There are two extras on this DVD that I found interesting.  In conclusion, an exciting classic has been restored to DVD.  Be sure to see this movie and learn the true story of Zorro!!  (1940;  95 min;  black and white;  closed-captioned)  +++++
 THE MARK OF ZORRO is a movie that should have been filmed in Technicolor in the first place. Then there's the seemingly national prejudice against colorization, spawned, no doubt, by the awful early efforts. However, like  most innovations, early efforts are crude and can improve only by trial  and error.  "Artistic censors saw early on that they must stop this evil - and they did. "We must preserve the black and white originals"...apparently these  idiots did not know that only a tape of the film was colorized; the original negative was never touched. Technicolor was used infrequently because it cost triple the money of a black and white film. Money, not aesthetics controlled this aspect of movie-making.  At last, Twentieth Century Fox is correcting some of their past decisions  by colorizing THE MARK OF ZORRO, and a fine job it is. Color lightens the  mood of this costume epic, and gives a warmth to the fine cast. They have  also done a great job of colorizing MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET. (At last, the Thanksgiving Day Parade looks festive.)  "Purists rejoice! The black and white original can be seen on the same DVD. However, I'll bet you never watch it once you've seen it in color!
 All we need is the rest of it on DVD!   If you think it is merely 'fluff', take a look at the director's commentary!
 While the debate will continue to rage regarding the choice to CGI the Hulk in Ang Lee's 2003 movie, there will be no argument about the Incredible Hulk TV series that many people grew up with.  Lou Ferrigno, a 330-plus pound behemoth, was so huge in contrast to Bill Bixby's Bruce Banner that the Hulk effect was completely believable, and should still be to this day. The TV series wasn't completely ridiculous or fantastic either; the focus managed to stay on Banner/Hulk as an individual in the world, not as an experiment gone wrong. Banner's loner self is portrayed excellently--he often hitchhikes places or shows jump in mid-sequence with him by himself, just waiting to get picked on.  For a 70's effort, the producers managed to pull off some decent and subtle effects as well--before Banner gets  angry  his pupils famously turn a different color, almost a whitish green; his feet expand and rip his shoes apart; and the shirt rips (bicep, back, chest) are all done well enough to make you think he's actually expanding and not just Lou Ferrigno flexing in an undersized shirt. It's not just the superhuman aspect that will draw you in, it's also the emotional side, which this series plays off incredibly well. This television premiere is certainly a must for all fans, but the new entire season DVD set should be factored in when buying this.
 Based on the comic book character created by Marvel's maestro Stan Lee, the pilot episode of The Incredible Hulk recounts how scientist David Bruce Banner, exposes himself to an ultrahigh dose of gamma radiation, which then causes him to transform into a huge green skinned creature, known as the Hulk.  The adaptation incorporates very little from the comic mythology, as Banner searches for some way to return to a normal life.  Veteran actor Bill Bixby (My Favorite Martian, The Courtship of Eddie's Father) plays David Banner, a man with his insides torn apart with frustration, stemming from his inability to save his wife's life, during a tragic car accident.  Banner works at the Culver Institute with his long time colleague, Dr. Elaina Harding (Susan Sullivan).  Coincidentally they are involved in research on how humans are able to perform superhuman acts of strength, in times of stress.  Discovering that gamma radiation may be the cause of great strength in a crisis, Banner exposes himself to an ultra high dosage.  However instead of acquiring super strength, Banner finds that when he gets angry, he transforms into a green skinned muscular giant that comes to be known as "the Hulk".  Portrayed by body builder Lou Ferrigno, the Hulk is extremely powerful and destructive, but not too bright.  Banner has no memory of what happens while he is the Hulk.  He confides in Elaina, who helps find out what has happened to him.  A key character in the series, investigative reporter Jack McGee (Jack Colvin) is introduced, setting in place the basic elements for a series that would run for five seasons.  Multitalented writer, director, and producer, Kenneth Johnson had already had great success with his creations The Six Million Dollar Man (1974-78), and The Bionic Woman (1976-78), when he was approached about bringing a character from the Marvel Universe to television.  Johnson saw potential in the Incredible Hulk, and he cleverly found a way to adapt the character, and scale down his violent capabilities for series television.  The thought process behind the genesis of the series, is discussed in detail by Johnson in a commentary track recorded in 2003.  Johnson has a remarkable memory, and his remarks are extremely insightful and detailed.  Referring to him as "Bix", Johnson's affection and respect for the late Bill Bixby (1934-1993) is evident.  Johnson wrote the screenplay specifically with Bixby in mind, and the actor is absolutely perfect for the role, bringing great vulnerability, humility, and dignity, to David Banner, who tragically is responsible for his own predicament.  Susan Sullivan (Falcon Crest, Castle) is so much more than a pretty face, and gives a wonderfully warm performance, that helps to reveal Banner's character.  Jack Colvin is also very good as the pesky reporter, who like a bad rash, just won't go away.  Bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno was primarily selected for his physical abilities, but still manages to display some decent acting skills, conveying much through his facial expressions.  Having lost his hearing as a child, affected Ferrigno's speech, and limited his ability to deliver lines.  The Hulk mostly growls, with his voice provided by Ted Cassidy.  Ferrigno endures heavy application of green makeup, and some wild haircuts.  The same slow motion techniques utilized in The Six Million Dollar Man, are also employed in The Incredible Hulk.  The technique is somewhat effective, though would perhaps become overused.  The pilot has some ridiculous moments, topped by David and Elaina attempting to recreate the situation when the transformation first took place.  Locked in a hyperbaric chamber in a secluded lab, Banner loosens a water line to simulate rain, and then generates electrical arcs to simulate lightning.  Elaina witnesses Banner's transformation and destruction of the chamber, and David learns the shocking truth.  Thanks to the troublesome McGee, the lab accidentally blows up.  The Hulk appears to rescue Elaina from the flames, but Banner tragically loses his best friend, and is presumed dead.  With the Hulk wanted for murder, the stage is set for David Banner to wander from place to place, like Richard Kimble in The Fugitive (1963-67).  Using false names, he tries to keep a low profile and avoid trouble, but somehow always seems to find it, inevitably leading to the appearance of the Hulk.  Trailing the green skinned giant across the country is McGee, who Banner tries very hard to avoid.  This becomes a familiar formula that is repeated through over eighty episodes, from 1977 through 1982.  Despite some minor shortcomings, the pilot episode sets up the series nicely, and features wonderful performances by Bill Bixby and Susan Sullivan.  Image quality is good, but a little hazy at times.  The episode has subtitles, and Kenneth's Johnson's commentary is not to be missed.
 I watched a lot of episodes of the Incredible Hulk. Although I might not care for a lot of them now, there were a lot of good episodes. Even in the last 10 years with the new releases of Hulk movies, they just aren't the same without Bill Bixby playing David Banner. I wouldn't even say this was the best episode, but because it was the original premiere and explained how the Hulk came to be, it will always be a classic and a must have for any Hulk fan.
 Unlike the modern Hulk movies, the director of the live-action television series didn't have high tech special effects at his disposal.  This may have contributed to the fact that this series was about the characters interacting with one another instead of being about violence and special effects.  When I was a kid, I didn't enjoy this series much because I had to wait too long to see the Hulk in action.  However, as an adult, I appreciate the fact that Bill Bixby was a great actor and the science fiction aspect of the story was ahead of its time.  Your kids might not sit through this pilot, but the adults in the room will be entertained by the well-written script and superb acting and directing.
  Within each of us, oftimes; there dwells a mighty and raging fury . Thanks to the success of the HULK movie, the premiere of the original TV series has been released to DVD. Personally, I like the TV show better. I hadn't seen it since I was a little kid, and was surprised to find I enjoyed this DVD a lot. The first episode on this is the series 1  pilot. As all fans of the show know, Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner; who is haunted by nightmares about the death of his wife Laura in a car accident after a tyre blows out and the car goes off the road. Banner escapes but is unable free Laura before the car explodes. Later, Banner is conducting research for an experiment on superhuman strength. Interviewed is a woman recounting how she saved her son from burning to death in a car accident that is startlingly similar to Banner's own experience. After hearing more testimony, Banner seems to be the only one who has failed. Guilt and anxiety lead him to go one step further and become a guinea pig for his testing. He discovers that the source of this strength is gamma radiation, so he subjects himself to a course of it, but has no results. So he tries again- only this time exposing himself to seven times the amount. Nothing happens. At least... not immediately. Matters come to a head when Banner, frustrated at his lack of progress is driving home in a thunderstorm and has to change a flat tyre in the rain; this combined stress leads to his first  Hulk-out ... More intelligent than most TV movies, the pilot also has a memorable sequene paying homage to the drowning scene in James Whale's FRANKENSTEIN, where the Hulk tries to save a little girl from drowning but her screams alert her father who tries to shoot the hulk. Naturally the bullets just bounce off. Special mention must be made of the wig Lou Ferrigno wears- he looks like he should have a golf tee tacked into the top of his head. Also of note
 I have been patiently waiting for nearly a year for them to pay some homage and props to the tv show (to coincide with the movie in Jun).  I grew up being scared out of my wits as a kid of the Hulk when I regularly watched the show and the reruns that came on (which is were I saw a majority of the episodes). I am glad they are planning on releasing the pilot and a reg two parter episode on DVD.  I can't wait to get this DVD and I do hope they plan on putting some future episodes on DVD or perhaps putting Season 1 or Season 2 on a future DVD release.
 With the upcoming theatrical release of "The Incredible Hulk", it's obvious that Universal is trying to cash in on the popularity of the big green guy by reissuing the pilot from the Bill Bixby/Lou Ferrigno show. Taking its inspiration not only from the Marvel comic but the 60's classic "The Fugitive", the show ran from five seasons, from 1978 - 1982, with two pilot films initially in 1977 and three subsequent "reunion films from 1988 - 1990.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner, a scientist searching for understanding to the workings of the adrenaline gland and man's hidden inner strength that seems to arise in times of stress. During a "dark and stormy night", the doctor exposes himself to massive doses of gamma radiation with little effect...or so he thinks. Later that evening, while driving from the laboratory, Banner's car has a flat tire. Enraged at having to change in the torrential downpour, Banner's anger gets the best of him and he ERUPTS into our friendly "jolly green giant", played by AH-nold's one time competition, Lou Ferrigno. The remainder of the movie finds Banner trying to better understand his condition while eluding the hounding from an investigative reporter (Jack Colvin) intent on discovery the identity of the "monster and the connection with Banner. Also appearing is Susan Sullivan, fresh from the soap opera "Another World and before she traveled to wine country in primetime's "Falcon Crest". Joe Yarnell provides the subtle yet effective score, heavy with a very poignant piano.  Kenneth Johnson, who would later score big with the miniseries "V", is the director, and makes a fanciful tale quite believable.
 All we need is the rest of it on DVD!   If you think it is merely 'fluff', take a look at the director's commentary!
 While the debate will continue to rage regarding the choice to CGI the Hulk in Ang Lee's 2003 movie, there will be no argument about the Incredible Hulk TV series that many people grew up with.  Lou Ferrigno, a 330-plus pound behemoth, was so huge in contrast to Bill Bixby's Bruce Banner that the Hulk effect was completely believable, and should still be to this day. The TV series wasn't completely ridiculous or fantastic either; the focus managed to stay on Banner/Hulk as an individual in the world, not as an experiment gone wrong. Banner's loner self is portrayed excellently--he often hitchhikes places or shows jump in mid-sequence with him by himself, just waiting to get picked on.  For a 70's effort, the producers managed to pull off some decent and subtle effects as well--before Banner gets  angry  his pupils famously turn a different color, almost a whitish green; his feet expand and rip his shoes apart; and the shirt rips (bicep, back, chest) are all done well enough to make you think he's actually expanding and not just Lou Ferrigno flexing in an undersized shirt. It's not just the superhuman aspect that will draw you in, it's also the emotional side, which this series plays off incredibly well. This television premiere is certainly a must for all fans, but the new entire season DVD set should be factored in when buying this.
 Based on the comic book character created by Marvel's maestro Stan Lee, the pilot episode of The Incredible Hulk recounts how scientist David Bruce Banner, exposes himself to an ultrahigh dose of gamma radiation, which then causes him to transform into a huge green skinned creature, known as the Hulk.  The adaptation incorporates very little from the comic mythology, as Banner searches for some way to return to a normal life.  Veteran actor Bill Bixby (My Favorite Martian, The Courtship of Eddie's Father) plays David Banner, a man with his insides torn apart with frustration, stemming from his inability to save his wife's life, during a tragic car accident.  Banner works at the Culver Institute with his long time colleague, Dr. Elaina Harding (Susan Sullivan).  Coincidentally they are involved in research on how humans are able to perform superhuman acts of strength, in times of stress.  Discovering that gamma radiation may be the cause of great strength in a crisis, Banner exposes himself to an ultra high dosage.  However instead of acquiring super strength, Banner finds that when he gets angry, he transforms into a green skinned muscular giant that comes to be known as "the Hulk".  Portrayed by body builder Lou Ferrigno, the Hulk is extremely powerful and destructive, but not too bright.  Banner has no memory of what happens while he is the Hulk.  He confides in Elaina, who helps find out what has happened to him.  A key character in the series, investigative reporter Jack McGee (Jack Colvin) is introduced, setting in place the basic elements for a series that would run for five seasons.  Multitalented writer, director, and producer, Kenneth Johnson had already had great success with his creations The Six Million Dollar Man (1974-78), and The Bionic Woman (1976-78), when he was approached about bringing a character from the Marvel Universe to television.  Johnson saw potential in the Incredible Hulk, and he cleverly found a way to adapt the character, and scale down his violent capabilities for series television.  The thought process behind the genesis of the series, is discussed in detail by Johnson in a commentary track recorded in 2003.  Johnson has a remarkable memory, and his remarks are extremely insightful and detailed.  Referring to him as "Bix", Johnson's affection and respect for the late Bill Bixby (1934-1993) is evident.  Johnson wrote the screenplay specifically with Bixby in mind, and the actor is absolutely perfect for the role, bringing great vulnerability, humility, and dignity, to David Banner, who tragically is responsible for his own predicament.  Susan Sullivan (Falcon Crest, Castle) is so much more than a pretty face, and gives a wonderfully warm performance, that helps to reveal Banner's character.  Jack Colvin is also very good as the pesky reporter, who like a bad rash, just won't go away.  Bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno was primarily selected for his physical abilities, but still manages to display some decent acting skills, conveying much through his facial expressions.  Having lost his hearing as a child, affected Ferrigno's speech, and limited his ability to deliver lines.  The Hulk mostly growls, with his voice provided by Ted Cassidy.  Ferrigno endures heavy application of green makeup, and some wild haircuts.  The same slow motion techniques utilized in The Six Million Dollar Man, are also employed in The Incredible Hulk.  The technique is somewhat effective, though would perhaps become overused.  The pilot has some ridiculous moments, topped by David and Elaina attempting to recreate the situation when the transformation first took place.  Locked in a hyperbaric chamber in a secluded lab, Banner loosens a water line to simulate rain, and then generates electrical arcs to simulate lightning.  Elaina witnesses Banner's transformation and destruction of the chamber, and David learns the shocking truth.  Thanks to the troublesome McGee, the lab accidentally blows up.  The Hulk appears to rescue Elaina from the flames, but Banner tragically loses his best friend, and is presumed dead.  With the Hulk wanted for murder, the stage is set for David Banner to wander from place to place, like Richard Kimble in The Fugitive (1963-67).  Using false names, he tries to keep a low profile and avoid trouble, but somehow always seems to find it, inevitably leading to the appearance of the Hulk.  Trailing the green skinned giant across the country is McGee, who Banner tries very hard to avoid.  This becomes a familiar formula that is repeated through over eighty episodes, from 1977 through 1982.  Despite some minor shortcomings, the pilot episode sets up the series nicely, and features wonderful performances by Bill Bixby and Susan Sullivan.  Image quality is good, but a little hazy at times.  The episode has subtitles, and Kenneth's Johnson's commentary is not to be missed.
 I watched a lot of episodes of the Incredible Hulk. Although I might not care for a lot of them now, there were a lot of good episodes. Even in the last 10 years with the new releases of Hulk movies, they just aren't the same without Bill Bixby playing David Banner. I wouldn't even say this was the best episode, but because it was the original premiere and explained how the Hulk came to be, it will always be a classic and a must have for any Hulk fan.
 Unlike the modern Hulk movies, the director of the live-action television series didn't have high tech special effects at his disposal.  This may have contributed to the fact that this series was about the characters interacting with one another instead of being about violence and special effects.  When I was a kid, I didn't enjoy this series much because I had to wait too long to see the Hulk in action.  However, as an adult, I appreciate the fact that Bill Bixby was a great actor and the science fiction aspect of the story was ahead of its time.  Your kids might not sit through this pilot, but the adults in the room will be entertained by the well-written script and superb acting and directing.
  Within each of us, oftimes; there dwells a mighty and raging fury . Thanks to the success of the HULK movie, the premiere of the original TV series has been released to DVD. Personally, I like the TV show better. I hadn't seen it since I was a little kid, and was surprised to find I enjoyed this DVD a lot. The first episode on this is the series 1  pilot. As all fans of the show know, Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner; who is haunted by nightmares about the death of his wife Laura in a car accident after a tyre blows out and the car goes off the road. Banner escapes but is unable free Laura before the car explodes. Later, Banner is conducting research for an experiment on superhuman strength. Interviewed is a woman recounting how she saved her son from burning to death in a car accident that is startlingly similar to Banner's own experience. After hearing more testimony, Banner seems to be the only one who has failed. Guilt and anxiety lead him to go one step further and become a guinea pig for his testing. He discovers that the source of this strength is gamma radiation, so he subjects himself to a course of it, but has no results. So he tries again- only this time exposing himself to seven times the amount. Nothing happens. At least... not immediately. Matters come to a head when Banner, frustrated at his lack of progress is driving home in a thunderstorm and has to change a flat tyre in the rain; this combined stress leads to his first  Hulk-out ... More intelligent than most TV movies, the pilot also has a memorable sequene paying homage to the drowning scene in James Whale's FRANKENSTEIN, where the Hulk tries to save a little girl from drowning but her screams alert her father who tries to shoot the hulk. Naturally the bullets just bounce off. Special mention must be made of the wig Lou Ferrigno wears- he looks like he should have a golf tee tacked into the top of his head. Also of note
 I have been patiently waiting for nearly a year for them to pay some homage and props to the tv show (to coincide with the movie in Jun).  I grew up being scared out of my wits as a kid of the Hulk when I regularly watched the show and the reruns that came on (which is were I saw a majority of the episodes). I am glad they are planning on releasing the pilot and a reg two parter episode on DVD.  I can't wait to get this DVD and I do hope they plan on putting some future episodes on DVD or perhaps putting Season 1 or Season 2 on a future DVD release.
 With the upcoming theatrical release of "The Incredible Hulk", it's obvious that Universal is trying to cash in on the popularity of the big green guy by reissuing the pilot from the Bill Bixby/Lou Ferrigno show. Taking its inspiration not only from the Marvel comic but the 60's classic "The Fugitive", the show ran from five seasons, from 1978 - 1982, with two pilot films initially in 1977 and three subsequent "reunion films from 1988 - 1990.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner, a scientist searching for understanding to the workings of the adrenaline gland and man's hidden inner strength that seems to arise in times of stress. During a "dark and stormy night", the doctor exposes himself to massive doses of gamma radiation with little effect...or so he thinks. Later that evening, while driving from the laboratory, Banner's car has a flat tire. Enraged at having to change in the torrential downpour, Banner's anger gets the best of him and he ERUPTS into our friendly "jolly green giant", played by AH-nold's one time competition, Lou Ferrigno. The remainder of the movie finds Banner trying to better understand his condition while eluding the hounding from an investigative reporter (Jack Colvin) intent on discovery the identity of the "monster and the connection with Banner. Also appearing is Susan Sullivan, fresh from the soap opera "Another World and before she traveled to wine country in primetime's "Falcon Crest". Joe Yarnell provides the subtle yet effective score, heavy with a very poignant piano.  Kenneth Johnson, who would later score big with the miniseries "V", is the director, and makes a fanciful tale quite believable.
 Von Ryan's Express belongs to the dying days of WW2-as-Boys-Own-adventure movies, where, for all the cynical window-dressing, the good guys can always outwit overwhelming numbers of Nazis and death is still heroic. It's also much more entertaining than it has any right to be as Frank Sinatra's unpopular new senior officer leads several hundred prisoners of war to freedom by hijacking a Nazi train and conning his way through Italy to Switzerland while Trevor Howard's old school British officer snipes at his bad form all the way and Edward Mulhare's loveable padre impersonates a German officer to get them past the checkpoints. Yep, it's The Great Escape meets The Train, with Great Escaper John Leyton along for the ride just in case anyone misses the connection. As big, not quite as dumb as it could be entertainment it certainly does the trick, throwing in an enjoyable if sparse Jerry Goldsmith score and a particularly memorable finale.  Sadly the new 2-DVD release really is hard to recommend for any but hardcore Jerry Goldsmith fans, the only notable extras being an isolated score track and a brief featurette on the composer. Aside from trailers and TV spots, the rest is made up with talking heads background featurettes with none of the films surviving participants contributing. Even worse is the fact that brief clips are used from a vintage behind the scenes short made during production, but the short itself is not included. It's fine for a first-time buy, but not really worth an upgrade if you already have the previous edition.
 This movie has all the elements of a good action movie. The outcome is uncertain. The bad guys are really bad. The hero (Frank Sinatra) is idealistic and optimistic, and suffers from bad-decision angst more than once. The movie starts in an Italian POW camp, commanded by a heartless Italian commander played by Adolfo Celi, who some may remember as Emilio Largo in the James Bond thriller "Thunderball". Colonel Joseph Ryan (Sinatra) is nicknamed "Von Ryan as he initially appears to be collaborating with their captors. Ryan is very optimistic and continually sees opportunity in every situation. Major Eric Fincham, played by Trevor Howard, is a pessimist, and sees disaster at every turn. Further, these two men are in conflict because Major Fincham was the ranking POW until Frank Sinatra was captured. As the Allies appear to be threatening the region, the Italians guarding the prison leave, and suddenly the POWs have a chance to escape. Their escape is short-lived as they are soon re-captured by Germans. The POWs are placed into boxcars for transport to Germany, with the exception of the wounded, who are executed by German soldiers prior to the train's departure. As the train travels to Germany, Ryan decides that there may be an opportunity for escape. Ryan leads the creation of a plan to eliminate the guards and take over the train, with the goal of eventually leaving the train to head for the coast and potential reunion with Allied forces. After taking over the train, the POWs first attempt to escape is thwarted when they find themselves in the middle of an Allied bombing mission. The POWs then develop an even more creative plan to escape to Switzerland. In their bid to escape the POWs must fight off the Luftwaffe and a Nazi-led troop train following close behind. The end of this movie will keep action war-movie fans on the edge of their seat until the credits roll. There are several events in this movie that give depth to Ryan's character. Several events occur within the prison camp, such as when Ryan leads the men in burning all their clothes in order to get better clothing. Another is when Ryan supercedes Fincham in dealing with the prison commander after departure of the guards. Ryan twice saves people and twice the outcome is tragic. The first time Fincham is extremely critical of Ryan. The second time Fincham is sympathetic, but Ryan is so angry with himself he refuses to listen. Ryan is generally optimistic and idealistic, which has often been a criticism of Americans by Europeans. On the other hand, Fincham is pessimistic and would consider himself to be a realist. These two approaches and views are compared throughout the movie, and ultimately the movie avoids answering the question as to whether one approach is better than the other. As the end of the movie approaches, it is clear that Ryan's faith in his optimism and idealism has been shaken. Similarly, Fincham has come to admire Ryan's optimism and idealism, and knows that the opportunity presented to the POWs was only as a result of Ryan's optimism. Ultimately, the movie suggests that perhaps the middle ground is the best. This movie is one of the better war movies from the 50s and 60s, and along with "The Great Escape", is one of the very best POW prison escape movies. Certainly portions of the movie are unrealistic. However, look past the fictionalized account of the escape, watch the adventure, and observe the conflict of ideologies. An enjoyable to watch and well-done movie.
 Sinatra is a cool American, whose P-38 is shot down over Italy in August 1943... The Allies were landing in Southern Italy, when Ryan is brought to an Italian prisoner of war camp...  Sensing that the end is underway, the Italians were trying to get out of the war, and the Nazis were trying to keep the Allies out and the Italians in...  A Fascist bully (Adolfo Celi) has ruled the POW camp, but with the collapse of Italian rule, he is thrown out...  The British prisoners - professional soldiers of the 9th Fusiliers, whose constant attempts to escape have led to half rations and the withholding of medicine - headed by a heated Major (Trevor Howard), are not in agreement with the unpopular pilot, Colonel Joseph Ryan... They think him insufficiently hostile to the Italians and have given an insulting 'von to his name, insisting that he is in the wrong army...  The British get along with Ryan, however, when the escape is engineered... They seize a German train, and, impersonating German troops even as they evade German pursuers, try to make a run for it to the Swiss border... The viewers can forget about realism from that moment on... 'Von Ryan's Express' is pure adventure and courts no moral dilemmas in its story...  Director Mark Robson tries to combine the suspense of 'The Great Escape' with the exciting action of 'The Guns of Navarone,' and he's successful enough... The pace is quick... The Italian locations are attractive... The confrontations with German troops are well handled...  Ryan is a pragmatic character not unlike the far more tragic Col. Nicholson in 'The Bridge on the River Kwai.' As a colonel master-minding commando raids, he brings the film to a great climax on an Alpine viaduct...  With the exception of a strange and shocking scene where a sexy escapee is gunned down in the back, ' Von Ryan's Express' gives us the necessary thrills to be pleased...
 A lot of effort went into this 1965 military war film classic.  Now you do not have to wait for the movie on American Movie Classics to see it in wide-screen.  This DVD version was released in Summer 2001.  Frank Sinatra, playing the part of a downed American pilot, leads hundreds of POWs on a dash for the Swiss frontier in this action packed movie.  Most of the action takes place on a hijacked Italian train, formerly commanded by the German military, as it winds its way ever deeper into enemy territory.  Trevor Howard and Edward Mulhare (Known best for his roles in American television shows such as The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, and Knight Rider)co-star.  Also, look for Wolfgang Preis reprising the role of a German officer for the un-teenth time in his long career (The Longest Day, Anzio, Raid on Rommel, A Bridge Too Far, Battle of the Commandos, The Train, Is Paris Burning?, Ike the War Years, etc.).  The story, either incidentally or accidentally, mirrors several actual events that took place at abandoned Italian POW camps after the armistice.  The Italian guards quit their posts and Allied prisoners awoke to find no one minding the camp. The Germans eventually moved in to establish authority, but in the few interim days there was a power vacuum.  Though the real life stories never involved stealing trains, there are dozens of stories of weakened and malnourished British and Commonwealth former POWs fleeing the approaching Germans.  The film has nonstop action, train chases, aerial attacks and scenic Italian locations.  According to an article by Wolfgang Preis, the interior train scenes were filmed in Hollywood.  Actor James Brolin, who was under contract to 20th Century Fox, makes yet another appearance in a FOX movie.  According to the unofficial Hogan's Heroes guide, the leather jacket (or jackets) worn by Frank Sinatra in the film were later worn by Bob Crane on HOGAN'S HEROES.  Action footage from VON RYAN'S EXPRESS has found its way into other films.  Most notably are scenes from the Messerschmitt attacks on the train.  In 1980 a television movie, THE SECRET WAR OF JACKIE'S GIRLS, featured the VON RYAN Messerschmitt footage poorly edited into scenes of a helicopter evading German aircraft.  Twentieth Century Fox was famous for recycling spectacular movie scenes into other theatrical and television films.  Remember how often attack scenes from TORA, TORA, TORA were found their way into movies like PEARL, MIDWAY, THE FINAL COUNTDOWN, and the televison remake of FROM HERE TO ETERNITY.  Battle scenes from Patton also found their way into FIREBALL FORWARD and IKE
 Frank Sinatra and Trevor Howard butt heads with each other while taking on the Nazis in this satisfying World War II film.  The first part of  Von Ryan's Express  takes place in an Italian Prisoner of War camp in 1943, when the Allies had invaded Southern Italy and Germany was trying to keep Italy in the war.  When Colonel Ryan (Sinatra) arrives at the camp he is the senior officer, although he is just a pilot and Major Fincham (Howard) is a career officer.  Ryan wants to just wait for the Allies to liberate the camp, while Fincham wants to escape.  When Ryan trades the prisoner's escape route for medical supplies, the English prisoners add the  von  to his name.  When the Italians abandon the camp, the prisoners escape into the country side only to be captured by the Nazis.  They then capture a German train and make a daring and exciting run for the Swiss border and freedom, believing that if only one of them escapes, it is a victory. Not as compelling as  The Great Escape,  this is still a very entertaining film.  The scene where Ryan forces the Italian commandant (Adolfo Celi) to provide new clothing because the prisoners have all stripped and thrown their rags into a fire is certainly memorable, as is the moment when Ryan guns down the young woman (Raffaella Carra) who has sold them out to the Germans.  Sergio Fantoni as the sympathetic Italian Captain Oriani and Edward Mulhare as the German-speaking Chaplain Costanzo have solid supporting roles.  Half the movie is taken up by the train chase, which goes through cities being bomb and along treacherous mountain tracks, but the heated exchanges between Ryan and Fincham are at the heart of this film.  Sinatra is remarkably comfortable with this role, which is ultimately what makes  Von Ryan's Express  work as much as the train chase.
 One of the best World War II action-adventure movies, Von Ryan's Express, is an exciting and suspense filled ride.  The movie follows the exploits of a group of Allied prisoners, liberated from an Italian POW camp, in their bid for freedom on a hijacked troop train. Frank Sinatra is Colonel Joseph Ryan, a pilot shot down over Italy in 1943, shortly before the fall of the country to the Allies.  Captured, he is placed in an Italian POW camp, where the Allied commanding officer has just died as a result of punishment inflicted by the camp's Commander (Aldolfo Celi).  As the highest ranking Allied officer, Ryan assumes command, much to the consternation of the ranking British officer (Trevor Howard).  Because Italy's collapse appears imminent, Ryan seeks to immediately improve the conditions for the men in camp, at the expense of preparations for escape.  For this perceived collaboration, he is christened "Von Ryan by his own side. When Italy falls, the prisoners find themselves unguarded as their Italian captors have disappeared.  The group ventures out into the countryside, but is soon recaptured, this time by Nazi forces, who ruthlessly execute the wounded prisoners.  The remaining men are put aboard a troop train for transport to a German run POW camp.  Led by Ryan, the Allied forces commandeer the train in a violent take over.  As the train proceeds north towards the Fatherland, the only Nazi left alive is Major Von Klemment (Wolfgang Preiss).  His lovely mistress, Gabriella (Rafella Cara) is also aboard.  The German language skills of the camp's chaplain (Edward Mulhare), are put to good use as he impersonates a Nazi officer allowing the train to continue on its escape route.   During a train stop, Von Klemment and Gabriella escape from the train, and Ryan winds up killing them both.  Was it really necessary that the "innocent Gabriella die, shot in the back?  The need to prevent her from telling the authorities about the escape was paramount, but running in a tight skirt, she could have been easily caught by Ryan had he just given chase, instead of exercising his itchy trigger finger.  Her death stains him further, and seems to serve as justification for his own fate. After this pivotal incident, the remainder of the movie is a race through the mountains to the Swiss border.  With the Allies beating back the pursuing Germans all along the way.  In the end you find yourself pulling hard for "Von Ryan", but it is just not to be. While the movie is very entertaining, it has been criticized for being totally unrealistic.  Real POW's have stated that they were much too weak and malnourished to engage in any activity even approaching what is shown in the movie.  Even viewed as pure fiction, this film is still very enjoyable.
 Von Ryan's Express is a compelling drama featuring the heroism and bravery of a motley crew of prisoners.  Not short on bravery Frank Sinatra and his men do their best to wreek havoc on the German war effort and get their freedom as well.  The action never stops and hopes remain high until the end when the main hero loses his life.  It is a reminder that many gave their lives in a noble effort to win the peace and preserve a way of life.  War is not a noble profession, but sometimes men can rise above with a little resolve and dignity.  The greatest generation of all time is represented well here.  One can only hope that lessons were learned in this war.  Some choose to forget them, but I never will.  I cherish my freedom and never forget those who died so I could live in peace.
 Von Ryan's Express is a fictitious gripping tale of brave men in a P.O.W. camp at the end of the war.  It takes place in Italy, and with Trevour Howard (the epitomy of the upper class English soldier)as co star, this one is a winner.  The twists and somewhat impossible actions that take place in this movie, love him or hate him, I believe this movie one of Sinatra's best, up there with "From Here to Eternity". Whilst the plot is to get all the P.O.W's out of Italy by taking over a train and getting it through the centre of Rome, some of the stunts used even this long ago, are spectacular.  If you like this type of underdog movie, where the good guys have to overcome all the obsticles to beat the bad guys then this is the movie for you. Even though it all happened over 60 years ago I believe we can still gain great enjoyment out of a tale like this. It keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next.  Does it have a happy ending, mmm the twist is there right to the end so you will have to watch it to find out.
 Von Ryan's Express is one of Sinatra's best starring roles. Sinatra, notorious for only doing one or two takes per scene, turns in a fine performance. He hated doing more than a couple of takes because he felt it caused the "freshness of the scene becoming "stale". In Von Ryan's Express he got all of his scenes right.  Col. Ryan (Sinatra) is an American Army Air Corps pilot that is shot down over Italy near the end of the Italian Campaign. One of the earliest scenes sets the tone of the movie
 As the allies begin to push the nazi back toward Germany , U.S Combat pilot Col. Joseph Ryan ( Frank Sinatra 1915-1998 ) is shot down and placed in a prison camp . Initialy , he's more concerned with surviving than escaping , carning him the isulting nick name *Von Ryan* , But in time , Ryan takes over from the commanding British officer ( Trevor Howard 1918-1988) and masterminds a daredevil race for freedom that involves commandeering a train and getting it across Italy to Switzerland with the nazi in hot pursuit . Then it's a blazing action , hairraising chase and spetacular Italian scenary in this oscar nominated adventure that runs full speed until the nail-bitting finale . High Quality Transfer .
 Ok here goes! (I'll review the movie and this new issue of it later).  This release is part of 20th Century Fox's ongoing "CINEMA CLASSICS COLLECTION". Initially Fox's re-issues were called "STUDIO CLASSICS (as they still are here in the UK), but they've been superseded with these. The CCC series is American, Region 1-only and will require multi-region players to play the titles on.  In the UK, Fox's premier series is called CINEMA RESERVE (see my review of "The Day The Earth Stood Still for the full UK list). Again - I mention all of this because, if you type in "Cinema Reserve or "Cinema Classics Collection into the Amazon database on either side of the pond - you don't get any real info on either series! (Fox's site has info - but not the Amazon database). Having just received 2 CCC titles in the post (Von Ryan's Express and Fantastic Voyage) and having enjoyed them so much and loved their shiny new transfers, I feel sure other movie buffs will want to know what's available/forthcoming.  The CINEMA CLASSICS COLLECTION series houses most of their titles in card wrap covers clearly marked as such at the top of the box. The artwork usually reflects the original poster art of the movie (the Studio Classics series tended to reflect the old video covers of the 70's & 80's). The DVD inside has the same artwork in its jewel case. The card wrap is a nice touch and lends the issue a classy feel. Some of the titles are 2DVD sets, all are restored transfers in one way or another - many exemplary (some have been criticized in minor ways) and some of the sets (like this one) come with lovely Lobby Card Postcards reproducing the original promotional shots of the film. Some even have a poster.  The Card Wraps are NOT numbered or sequenced in any way (both the Studio Classics series and the Cinema Reserve series ARE numbered on their spines). Each CCC issue has a dedicated inlay - usually 2 or 3 pages - and each is full of great info about the shoot - the stars - the release - it's legacy etc. The discs themselves are loaded with fascinating extras, re-mastered soundtracks, archive material etc.... Fox has to be praised for this. The series is clearly building momentum in the States and is gaining the respect among collectors and lovers of film that say the WARNER BROTHERS SIGNATURE COLLECTION boxes have.  As a lover of oldies and classics, I thought I'd compile a list of these for fans here in the UK; many of these tiles are obscure and are REGION 1 only. I've cobbled this list together from several sources and the obvious sites for Fox, but if there are inaccuracies/additions/substractions, then please feel free to point them out. Titles in the Series are listed as follows - Film Title (Principal Actors), Original Year of Release, DVD Year Of Release, No. of Discs and (Any Other Relevent Info). Also wih regard to the Artwork on Amazon USA and UK
 There are two great 'behind enemy lines pow escape' movies and the great escape is one and so is this.  I don't like Sinatra's music but his ww2 movies were really good.
 I've watched this film probably six or seven times, and it never really gets old. Is it the same as the book? No, but what movie is--and the book didn't feature the Chairman of the Board! 
 I saw the movie a number of years ago and liked it. Wanted a copy for my "library". This is good WWII action film.
 Synopsis  Colonel Ryan (Frank Sinatra) leads a daring escape attempt across Italy.  His men hate him, he faces constant opposition from a British Major (Trevor Howard), and from the German soldiers that are only a few steps behind him.  This thrilling chase film is an exciting cross of The Great Escape and The Train.  Sexual Content  Early on in the film, Ryan orders his soldiers to undress and burn their uniforms so that they will receive the new ones promised them by an Italian officer (we see a far out view from behind, and a few close-ups from the front above the waist).  Later, when Ryan captures the train, it is discovered that a German officer's mistress is on board.  We see her in a slightly low-cut nightgown.  Later, she tries to seduce Ryan (mild, and children probably won't notice this).  He resists and leaves her angered. Violence  Many shootings and explosions.  Some blood is visible in the aftermath, but none during the actual scenes.  Several German soldiers are strangled (mild) and a few POW's are seen caught on fire (also mild).  Several main characters are killed and (SPOILER WARNING) a woman is shot in the back to prevent her from escaping. Language  Scattered D-words, H-words, and a few B-words.  Surprising for the time, but mild by today's standards. Morales  Characters drink, smoke, and curse.  Killing innocent people is suggested in order to save the POW's escape attempt.  A main character shoots a woman in the back.  One of the main characters is a Catholic priest.  He is shown in a positive light, and not to be a fake, however the other characters often make jokes as his expense. Conclusion  Moderately exciting war film that falls short of The Great Escape, but is still far superior to most films of the genre.  Frank Sinatra gives a decent performance, but it is hard to picture the middle-aged actor as a "hot-shot flyboy".  The real excitement comes from the film's final action scene with planes chasing the train through mountain passes, in a scene that loses little in terms of modern special effects.  The ending is slightly surprising and fairly downbeat, but overall this is a good film for fans of old war movies.  Depends on your family whether the kids get to see it or not.
 I'm not a big fan of fictional war movies.  I mean, come on, there were so many heroic events that took place that there should never really be a need to make a plot up.  But, Von Ryan's Express is fiction, and it's actually pretty well done.  The plot is a little weak at times.  For the life of me I couldn't understand why, when only 6 miles from the coast the men all stopped and rested.  If I'd been a prisoner of war for years and was only a 2 hour march from my own troops and freedom I wouldn't have stopped for anything.  Still, Frank Sinatra and Trevor Howard do a nice job in their rolls.  In fact, I'd say solid acting all the way around with some supporting rolls being just outstanding.  The uniforms, weapons, and other equipment appear to all be accurate and authentic.  This is a real import thing to me as we've all watched movies with American tanks painted desert yellow pretending to be Rommel's panzers.  The only glaring mistake is using three trainer aircraft to represent German fighter planes.  But, hey, how many actual German fighters still existed in 1965.  I'd bet very few so the use of trainers, while unfortunate, is understandable.  For a movie made more than 40 years ago, it's still very much worth watching.
 My apologies in advance to the legion of fans out there, but somehow the idea of a  good  Frank Sinatra film seems oxymoronic.  But this is a fine film, with Sinatra believable as the American martinet, and a simply outstanding supporting cast.  I must single out for special mention the wonderful performance by Edward Mulhare, a much underrated actor, who rarely had the opportunity to show what he could do.  His performance as Father Costanza is a gem, and one of the elements that makes this movie really work (and his German is excellent!).
 Despite being based on a rather tame Archie comic and Hanna-Barbara cartoon, JOSIE AND THE PUSSYCATS is awash with sharp, silly and satirical humor that keeps tickling your funny-bone from start to finish. From its takeoff of boy-bands, to the running gag of endless product placements, this flick had me smiling from start to finish. Rachael Leigh Cook is solid as Josie, while Tara Reid is totally endearing as the dim, but not dumb, blonde Melody. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey are a hoot as the evil music executives who use the band to plant subliminal messages in their teenage fans' brains. When this movie first came out, many critics were not kind to this flick. Frankly, I think they missed the point. JOSIE is a spot-on spoof of today's music business that truly amuses. Highly recommended.
 I've seen both versions and here are the differences between the two
 Someone's lost their sense of humour! Well, I rented this video last night. I was pretty damn pleased with it, not least because of the pretty girls and pretty songs, and the back-door-lovin boy band.  Many bits made silly-ol'-me fall of my seat laughing , like the Honk if you love pussy......cats. This sets the tone of the film and introduces us to the completely gorgeous lovable wacko Mel). The plot is laughable, but so what? Very cute Rachel acting as Josie is a little flat but who cares? The film pokes fun at a horribly real cross-mass-marketing culture, in which all forms of media gang up to sell us the same products, and feed us the same drivel about what's going on in our world. But it didn't get bogged down in a lesson in ethics. It's a very watchable film, and that's all you need to know. For those who go a little deeper
 While promoted as just another teen rock band comedy, Josie and the Pussycats is smart and sly, as well as being genuinely funny.  A satire on the prevalent band-as-marketing-tool phenomenon, the movie lets the audience know what it is in for from the very first scenes, featuring a Backstreet Boys-type boy band surrounded by a veritable plethora of product placement logos.  Using real companies' logos helps drive the message home, though it's important to point out--as the filmmakers do on their commentary track--that the companies did not pay to have their logos used, keeping the film from being too hypocritical. Obviously, the movie isn't any too subtle advocating free will over following what's popular, but it's such a likeable movie, that doesn't really matter.  As Josie, Rachel Leigh Cook is perfectly cast, projecting an air of genuine caring towards her friends.  Rosario Dawson, as the constantly neglected black Pussycat, makes her character about more than just her race, and thus makes the racist attitudes seem so much more unreasonable.  Tara Reid, as dumb blonde Melody, adds so much charm to her performance that the character comes across as more than just an object of ridicule.  And Alan Cumming and Parker Posey are delightfully over the top as the evil record company executives, who even manage to make themselves almost sympathetic at the end when their own hidden sides come to light. The extra features on this DVD are pretty nifty, though not the selling point.  I particularly enjoyed the commentary from the filmmakers, proving that if you set your sights higher than a typical teen comedy, it will show in your work.  This movie is so much better than it really has any right to be, and I'm glad I got a chance to see it.
 This movie is a lot of fun, and much smarter than some people will give it credit for.  Great comedic performances by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey, who between them chew enough scenery to create a soundstage.  And the Pussycats are genuinely fun, hot babes
 If you want a good escapist movie, this is it.  It's silly and funny, without much complicated issues to think about - except that Josey and the Pussycats must save the world from being brainwashed by advertisers.  The parody of boy bands is hilarious, and the Pussycats - Rosario Dawson and Tara Reid are cute and sweet.  A fan of quirky Parker Posey, I'm not disappointed by her steady performance as an advertising executive bent on brainwashing the world into thinking that orange is the new black.  If you have a sense of humor, the silliness in this film will make you laugh.  If you are looking for Oscar winning fare, then look elsewhere.
 I enjoyed the film, it was comical,but had serious side to it. I really,really enjoyed the extra features on the DVD like the Backstage with interviews of the various cast members and my favorite producer Marc Platt. I also loved the music videos.  I truly recommend this.
 Two of my guy friends love to watch this movie, over and over again.  It's fun, silly, but oh so true on how they advertise today.
 I'll be the first to say I rented this movie not with the intention of witnessing a spectacular film, but purely because of the possitive feedback I had received form friends. I must say Josie and the Pussycats exceeded my expectations.  This movie is excellent simply because it's so fun. Packed with catchy pop punk and witty humour, JATP will have you wondering if the music industry really is coating our favourite songs with subliminal messages. I adored the plot, which had some serious points but were potrayed in a light, feel -good way.  Ultimately, when it had ended, I started it again and sung along. I'm not afriad to admit it. I ended up returning the movie a few days late, and later bought it.
 I never saw the original cartoon but decided to pick up 2001's "Josey and the Pussycats because Tara Reid's such a cutie and it looked like some fun entertainment.  Yes, it's fun and the girls are attractive (also featuring Rachael Leigh Cook & Rosario Dawson) but, surprisingly, "Josey and the Pussycats shoots for something deeper. As my title blurb points out, this is an amusing and potent satire on the power and manipulation of the entertainment industry.  Alan Cumming is outstanding as the villainous band manager who uses, abuses and throws away at whim. His opening scene with the fictional boyband Du Jour is worth the price of admission! Parker Posey is also good as his diabolical superior.  Ever wonder why all those musicians die in mysterious plane crashes, overdoses, etc. at the height of their fame? How about all those successful government cover-ups? How do artists with little actual talant and songwriting abilities become hugely popular while the truly talanted artists languish in obscurity (like Meliah Rage)? Why do you sometimes have this insane drive for a Big Mac or Coke? "Josie and the Pussycats explains all, lol.  As for the doofuses who complain about the product placement, they all live on Aduh Street.  The film runs 98 minutes.  FINAL WORD
 This movie is not exactly like the original media for Josie and the Pussycats - it has been significantly updated to fit the year that this movie was produced in. The story is almost like a spoof/parody of advertising, fashion, the music industry, pop culture etc, especially with the villains of this film.  If you're looking for a movie that is completely faithful to the original, you will be disappointed. But movie adaptations are never exactly the same as their source, and some adaptations have been very good. This is one of them - it has its laugh-out-loud moments, along with some cheesy and dramatic moments to make for a nice, fun, light (but not too light) flick.
 people, people this movie is great, however dont go into a whole philosophical breakdown of it.  Its a satire that just so happens to star hot babes...BAM...nuff said.  Pop it in, get sum popcorn ready and enjoy, thats it! finito.
 Wow... I'm shocked. I loved this film!  I was trolling YouTube for some video of the original cartoon and came across the PG rated version of this film that someone has uploaded. I didn't even *know* that a film version had been made. So out of curiosity I clicked on it ... and found myself laughing from the very first scene!  I've read a lot of reviews and found some people that just don't get the product placement joke but I thought it was hilarious, especially considering that the producers got not one penny from these companies. From the moment I spotted Seth Green in the opening scene I thought "How bad can this be? Then I saw Alan Cumming and I just had to keep watching.  So I kept watching... and watching... and laughing. Then I spotted Parker Posey and thought "No way!  The cast was perfect but I want to single out Tara Reid as Melody. Let me just say up front that I have never been a fan of Ms Reid but her take on Melody was nearly perfect. I say nearly because there is one aspect of Melody that I think a human actor just cannot carry off and can only be done in animation. The rest however she did to perfection. Melody is not just another dumb, wacky blond like so many people seem to believe. She is innocence encapsulated to the point where you just love to listen to her and watch her antics. Just like Josie says to her in the film "That's what I love about you! Indeed the only part of the cartoon Melody that Ms Reid couldn't pull off, and didn't even try -credit to whoever's idea this was - was the blinking of the eyes as she tries to process in her head what it was she just saw or heard. Just a great piece by Ms Reid.  I can't believe it took me nine years to realize this film even existed. I would recommend it to all and I will be buying a copy of it.
 As a fan of the Archie comics, I had to see this movie when it came out. It's a great movie to watch with your girlfriends. The story is about three small-town girls from Riverdale USA who have their own band and a manager. One day they get "discovered and sign a recording contract. Along the way to fame and fortune, they discover they are being used to sell products via subliminal messages in their music. The record exes are really out-there, as are some of the other minor characters, but Josie, Melody and Valerie remain true to the original Archie characters. Alan M and the Cabots are even featured. I love the Josie and the Pussycats songs (though the DeJour songs could use some work). I even have the soundtrack.
 4 of 5 stars for the comic turned movie Josie and the Pussycats. Yes, I admit it, I like this movie. Yes, I should seek professional help. This is a cute, dumb and funny movie. Take three girls (all pretty, 2/3s dumb) who form a rock band. Add a manager and record company out to control the minds of everyone in the world. Lots of great visuals, glitsy, flashy and just plain fun things (inside their plane is covered with sponsor ads). It is just plain fun. Shout-out to Tara Reid who takes the role of "dumb blonde to new levels. Rosario Dawson plays the one pussycat with a brain. While Parker Posey plays Josie. I do recommend this movie; it is OK for the whole family. Its just fun and entertaining. Please pass the popcorn.
 I am a fan of Saw. Some say "gore-porn", some say original indi thriller. This 2 disc DVD edition is a great own for a collector of film and saw fans alike. I gave this 4 out of 5 due ONLY to the fact that the case itself is easily breakable. Like Saw? Do you buy every movie you see? This is a great addition to your collection... just don't drop it.
 The Unrated Two-disk Special Edition of Saw contains an oil-filled packet (intended to resemble oozing blood) in the front cover of the DVD container.  I purchased a used copy which was shipped in this original packaging.  On arrival, some of the oil had leaked from the packet and made the DVDs unplayable.  I was able to wash and use the disks but I had to discard the fancy package.
 It's good to know they really know what to do with those halloween body parts.
 This is probably the best one of the series.  It's a very gory and realistic movie in terms of visuals. It will make your stomach turn and your hand will cover your face in shock and disgust.
 I've only seen the first four...so far, honestly I didn't have an interest in this series until I started it, after months of people trying to get me to give it a shot. Let me say, color me impressed, this isn't your typical slasher series. Tobin Bell does a very creepy charecter, but he's a demented genius concerning what he thinks of in the series. This makes SCREAM look like Disney, I only have two complaints-the violence is very graphic, and doing 8 parts maybe overkill, no pun intended. However, I do look forward to the rest of them. A word of caution though, the images in these films will Not leave your mind easily, they could also cause nausea for anyone with a weak stomache, so if that's the case you may want to avoid them...like a disease.  August 08,2010  I've seen the whole series at least 4 times as of recent. I also recently purchased/watched the 2-disc uncut edition. Let me start by saying the uncut is not much different than the theatrical version-the twist never fails me either. The special features are plentiful unlike the first DVD edition. I do feel that Lionsgate should've retained the traditional clear case/dust cover treatment with the 2-disc. Are there any added scenes with the uncut version? Not really, dialogue is a little different in the end scene, but it doesn't ruin the story, I don't have the blu-ray edition yet but that may change. The plot of the whole series (to me, at least) is alot more impressive than I ever expected, in part one-the game per se, involves two men shackled in an abandoned restroom and they're trying to figure out how and why they are there, the twist at the end makes my jaw drop every time.
 The whole series is very, very gory, but at the same time has a very plausible plot line.  Definitely falls within the "Psychological Thriller/Horror genre.  Plus, it has the cute Cary Elwes of "The Princess Bride one of my favorite movies.
 At the time I watched this it was unlike a lot of horror movies that are out there. In fact it was better because it wasn't about going around and killing people with knifes this movie really messed with your mind, maybe you think because of all the twist and turns and was more of a sadistic killing then stabbing people. I really like this saw movie it ranks up there for me it's better than 3 for sure and I feel its tired with the fourth one. People will downgrade the movie now and saw it can get boring but these are the same people that were praising it when it came out. I believe the directors put a lot of time in the storyline and they were more active then the first movie. But this movie set the foundation for the saw series. It no dought I believe is helping save horror movies in the sense that it is bringing in a lot of money and the movie had a low budget. In the end this is a solid movie and you definitely have to pick it up most places you can find it for $6.99 a 4 star DVD for me.
 I just finished watching Saw and thought it was a great movie.  maybe I need to watch it a second time, but my question is are we to assume Dr. Gordon was killed by saw and Adam never rescued?
 My corny title is not just there to be funny in a stupid way, as it is also meant to convey to horror fans who have not seen SAW, thinking it to be another HOSTEL/HILLS HAVE EYES/any "let's torture young people for fun instead of trying to be, you know, scary movie, that it's definitely worth their time. I have not seen SAW's sequels (though I liked this one enough to see the others), but I can say that this movie is more in the SE7EN kind of vein than the torture porn flicks we've been subjected to over the last few years. Yes, it is quite often gruesome, graphic, and disturbing, but it is all accredited to a very clever and darkly interesting premise. We are introduced to our two protagonists (if they can be called that, as they have their vices) first, workaholic doctor Lawrence (Cary Elwes) and cocky youngster Adam (screenwriter Leigh Whannell), who awaken in a dark room resembling a larger version of a prison cell, each of them chained to pipes adjacent from each other. In the center is a dead body holding an unloaded gun with a gunshot wound to the head and a tape recorder. Adam and Lawrence each have tapes to be played on that recorder, on which a raspy voice, their captor, informs Lawrence that he must kill Adam by 6
 This was defiantly the best of the SAW franchise, but they lacked on traps, the creativity wasn't ver great, as the SAWs go on, they get more and more creative. This is a must see for any horror movie fan.
 This is the first and as far as im concerned the best of the Saw movies.  This movie is very original and the ways the writter has Jigsaw torture these people is cool and very disturbing.  Personally, I didn't see the twist at the end coming and was blown away, I think that is why this is my favorite of the Saw series.  Highly recommending, but be forewarned; it's demented.
 Many people are either going to enjoy Saw or hate it, and both for the same reasons - those sick, twisted games you gotta play to shed blood (and usually more) to see how badly you want to live.  Not only did Saw raise the bar on horror, it practically started the whole "gore horror sub-genre (thus leading to films like Hostel, and making it a rare find to not see a recent horror film focused more on gore than the classic horror scares.  Personally, I can't say I am in love with this film because of the gritty nature, but it is still scary entertainment to an extent nonetheless.  However, with questionable films such as these today, I still enjoy the pleasure of seeing if there is a positive message I can still hack out of this, and though it's certainly wrapped around in insanity, the message is clear - are you grateful to be alive?  This is where Saw gets my praise for being very original.  It's certainly scary at times and packed with grit, but it also has a side of it that makes you think.  Kind of a mystery to be solved, and when the answer is revealed in the heightened climax, its quite rewarding cause no one could have ever seen it coming.  The story uses flashbacks and pieces them together like a puzzle up til the very end, and just when you thought you knew what the puzzle is going to look like, it turns out to be a whole other picture.  The traps in Saw also carry originality, putting people in near impossible situations to escape, but not impossible.  Our villain Jigsaw (Tobin Bell) is no murderer, but he finds ways for people to kill themselves - which is usually the case.  The reason for the traps is explained as a game you must play (in Jigsaw's eyes) to test and see how much you desire life.  Generally those placed in the traps are not grateful to be alive, and these horrific games quickly put things in perspective.  Once you see these scenes, its enough to say "Yes I am grateful.  The cast is an interesting mix for a horror film.  Danny Glover is probably the most famous actor associated with the film, but the script is somewhat limited for his role that any actor probably could have pulled it off.  Cary Elwes is also an interesting addition when I think back to his roles in Princess Bride and Men in Tights...his character is the main focus in this film and his acting may have been better suited in non-horror films.  Tobin Bell, while he gets very little screen-time as Jigsaw and even then he is usually wearing a cloak, he feels like a perfect cast (though I say this after watching the Saw sequals where he gets a lot more screentime). Tobin Bell is to Jigsaw like Anthony Hopkins is to Hannibal Lecter - you see the actor's face and that's the role he was born for.  Overall, Saw brings a variety to a horror film, though really its much more than your basic horror film.  It focuses less on scares and more on what's truly scary - very disturbing scenarios that ask a simple question, and the mystery of events that is impossible to solve.  Acting - 3 Characters - 3.5 Horror/Gore - 4.5 Story - 4.5 Overall - 4
 I'm not exactly sure why, but I hate to admit I liked this movie.  It was blood, guts and gore at its very best.  Halloween sets the standard in horror, as far as I'm concerned, and this is in no way on par with that movie, but it kept me engaged and on the edge of my seat.  It's a simple plot filled with a lot of elaborate killings scenes.  I liked it enough to rent two and three, and if a Saw four comes out, I'll rent it to.  If you like horror with gore, you can't miss this movie.
 Back in 2004, Lion's Gate released an ultra low budget yet very inventive horror film that spawned one of the most profitable horror franchises in the past decade.  The original Saw draws inspiration from older slasher and exploitation films with some great ideas of it's own.  Two, seemingly unrelated men (Cary Elwes and co-writer Leigh Whannell) wake up in chains with a hacksaw between them.  They both are caught in a game weaved by a serial killer called Jigsaw (Tobin Bell) who claims to have their families captive.  In the meantime, a desperate cop (Danny Glover) is on the killer's trail, and it's safe to say that no one gets out of this in one piece.  It took me a while to check out Saw, as I'm not very much into what's considered modern horror movies.  However, it was good to see a new age horror film that takes advantage of the genre by offering up gallons of blood and gore to go along with stomach churning set pieces.  If there's anything bad to say about Saw, it's that the acting is very wooden, there's plenty of leaps in logic, and the first is definitely the best.  All in all, if you've never seen the original Saw, it's better than you might think, and definitely worth checking out, particularly for older horror fans missing that bite that the horror films of years gone bye were infamous for.
 When I went to go see "Saw late last night I was thinking "saw as the past tense of see and not "saw as the noun ("a hand or power tool or a machine used to cut hard material and equipped usually with a toothed blade or disk") or as the verb ("to cut with a saw").  What was I thinking?  "Saw is in the Grand Guignol of "Seven and "The Bone Cutter, and apparently had to make some last minute cuts to avoid getting saddled with a NC-17 rating.  That alone with give you an indication of what first time director James Wan and first time writer Leigh Whannell were going for in "Saw, even with only $1.2 million to make the film and 18 days to shoot it.  Adam (Leigh Whannell), a young man, wakes up underwater in a dark room with a chain around his ankle.  He is not alone, and when the light come on he finds himself is what appears to be a long abandoned public restroom.  At the other end is Lawrence (Cary Elwes), who is also chained to a pipe.  On the floor in between them, out of their reach, is the corpse of a man who apparently killed himself with a gun.  In his hand is a tape recorder.  After becoming oriented to his strange surroundings, Adam discovers a plastic bag in his pocket, containing an envelope.  Inside is a key and a small cassette tape with the words "Play Me.  Let the game begin.  Beyond that you really do not want to know that much about this before you see it, and given the dreck that passes for horror thrillers in recent years "Saw is worth the seeing in the theater.  The last time I actually went to see a film in this genre in a theater was probably "Hannibal, and I have not had any reason to regret being selective in this regard.  However, this is not going to be a date movie, but one for hardcore fans of the genre who prefer their DVD editions to be the director's unrated cut of the film.  "Saw is a film that works more in the world of horror films than it does in the real world, but that is certainly part for the genre at this point.  The entire film does not take place in the abandoned restroom, although that is main arena.  Lawrence knows something about the "Jigsaw Killer, who has been constructing elaborate dances of death in which his victims have to try and save themselves.  Only one victim has survived to date (Shawnee Smith), so it is possible to get out of this alive, just extremely difficult and we are treated to a couple of examples of where it did not go as well.  Investigating the case are a couple of detectives, Tapp (Danny Glover) and Sing (Ken Leung), and the chronology of the film gets skewed as the present and the past become confused.  The game also involves more than the two men chained to the wall, because Lawrence's wife, Alison (Monica Potter) and daughter, Diana (Makenzie Vega) are part of it as well.  During the film's endgame things are moving fast enough that you probably will not be able to figure out how it will all play out even though "Saw overplays the obvious red herring card.  The film pushes one of my least favorite buttons a couple of time, which is when somebody has a gun on the villain and does not blow them away.  If there is one thing we have learned from all of these movies it is that hesitating when you have the bad guy in your sights is never a good thing.  I especially go through the roof when a trained law enforcement officer is pointing the gun right at the killer and the killer still gets away (even Clarice Starling is guilty of this sin in "The Silence of the Lambs").  So there is some heavy handedness to Whannell's script that hopefully will be replaced by something more elegant when he and Wan make their recently announced "Saw 2 sequel for 2005.  But "Saw is not an elegant horror film, although Wan gets points for keeping the most horrific moment of the film off screen (even though the rationale is small budget and not true aesthetic choice, which makes me fearful for what will happen when Wan and Whannell have a much bigger budget for the sequel).  The "Jigsaw Killer has a warped interest in having his victims better appreciate their lives, so getting out alive has to do not only with Lawrence and Adam solving the tasks they are given, but also with finding out some important things about each other.  The important thing here is that the film's final scene is pretty horrific, even if the film cheats a bit to get to that point, and that even when the screen goes dark and the credits start to roll, Whannell keeps the horror going.
 I'm a hard sell when it comes to horror/thriller type of flicks (even though I was pretty surprised on how much I enjoyed the 2003 version of 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre').  And aside from 'Kill Bill' (1 or 2), I cannot remember the last time I was genuinely excited to see an upcoming movie - oh yeah, I can, 'Return of the Jedi' - OK then, so that puts this in perspective.  The clever thing about 'Saw', is its primal simplicity in explaining the human condition.  That is, when push comes to shove, a person will do some unsettling things to stay alive (remember that poor SOB that was caught under a boulder in the Rockies a couple winters ago - and had to cut off his own arm with a friggin' credit card to free himself?!).  Now imagine you're in a similar siutation, BUT, you don't have to cut your own arm off - just some stranger.  The bitter pill goes down a little easier, huh?  'Saw' if nothing else, is simple and unapologetic - and well it should be.  3 hour bio-pics like 'Ghandi' and 'Braveheart' need 20 richly developed characters and $100 million budgets - not horror movies.  Besides, a lot of great flicks have ridiculously pedestrian plot lines (remember 'Speed'?).  Moreover, if you took at least one social science class at college, 'Saw' is basically a grizzly 90+ minute version of Maslow's Experiment or the Prisoner's Dilemma (you may have to crack open a textbook to cite the reference).  Brass Tax folks - you WILL say to yourself during the movie, "She's not gonna do what I think she's gonna do?"; or "Please, don't tell me what I think is coming next, is actually coming next!".  Either way, do yourself a favor and see it in the theater because 1) It may become a classic on the sub-genre; or better yet 2) It'll become a big cult film - and you'll earn bragging rights, 'cause you saw it BEFORE the hype.
 This movie is viewed on two separate levels
 This film harkens back to the old days of horror films which were loaded with blood and good old-fashioned terror.  Many of today's horror films have left out much of the blood, but that is not the case with "Saw".  Cary Elwes (Dr. Lawrence Gordon) and Leigh Whannell (Adam) find themselves in a very dirty and unkept bathroom, each chained at opposite ends of the bathroom  to a pipe.  There is a dead man in the middle of the bathroom, lying in a pool of blood and clutching a tape recorder in one hand and a gun in the other.  After overcoming their initial shock, Lawrence and Adam decide that they must work together in order to get out alive. They begin to search the bathroom for anything that might help them escape, but the only items they find are two hacksaws that prove to be worthless in cutting through the chains that are holding each man to their respective pipes.  Each man discovers that they have a small cassette tape in their pockets.  After retrieving the cassette player from the dead man, Lawrence discovers that in order to survive, he must kill Adam before the clock on the wall reaches 6
 Saw is a mindblowing story that really gets your mind thnking, instead of just watching teenagers get slashed up by a masked killer.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys the horror genre and enjoys and critical thinking.
 I thought this was a very good movie.  It had a very morbid feel to it.  It also was probably was the only horror movie I have ever seen that tries to have a good message.  I have read some reviews that say they don't see the point of the movie.  Not many horror movies have points.  Any other bad reviews were probably just written because people were mad that they didn't see the ending coming.  It surprised the crap out of me.  I recommend this movie.  It's worth your time.
 While it may not break a lot of new ground, this is a movie that, at the very least, makes the viewer think more than do the majority of horror films.  For that alone, it deserves credit.  An earlier reviewer mentioned, "The Usual Suspects, and I think that's a somewhat apt one to use.  This film has no lack of possibilities as to who could be the "Jigsaw Killer, and it really does keep you guessing until the end.  There are a number of violent scenes that I wouldn't recommend for anyone who may be squeamish, but the movie doesn't get by simply on its horror.  As for the ending, it's definitely interesting.  Personally, I didn't see it coming, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Overall, this is a good film, one that I'd recommend even to those who aren't always enamored of horror.
 Ok...that was lame. I apologize. I really liked this movie. I won't repeat all the comments already posted, but this film reminded me of a cross between "Seven and Vincenzo Natali's "Cube (if you haven't seen Cube, I recommend that as well. But avoid the sequel and recent prequel!)  The ending is just twisted enough to surprise, but not so out of left field, it leaves you wondering what you missed!
 I always seem to disagree with the great concensus when it comes to movies.  If everybody hates it, I usually love it.  And vice versa.  I thought Saw was a very good movie.  I admit, it could've been done better, and at times, it kinda ran on, but overall, I really liked it.  Definitely one to see.  Perhaps not a buyer (sorry Amazon), but you should definitely check it out if you get the chance.
 in response to what the person above me said about protesting a second release, well thats fine and dandy but, if your smart like me, then you would of known that they were going to release a seperate special edition later on(like I suspected and didnt buy it when it came out and waited) instead of whinning about it. cause most people do that especially with popular movies or movies that are going to be a sequel or remake so keep this in mind next time. as for my review on the movie, its one of the most original horror films ive seen, great mixure of seven and silence of the lambs with a great twist. cant wait for the second one.
 I had been told by a few people who had seen the movie that it was laughable and in no way frightening, yet other reviews here on Amazon seemed to speak from a different standpoint.  So, as a true fan of terror on film, I had to judge for myself.  I found the plot to be quite creative and intriguing.  The scenarios Jigsaw stages are intricate, alarming and bizarre- leaving his victims to make terrifying choices in order to survive his "game".  At the opening to this movie, you are thrown straight into the thick of things.  The movie begins with two men chained to pipes in a dilapidated room, with a dead man lying in the middle of the floor.  The story then slowly and deliberately begins to unravel, with each man ultimately learning why he is there.  Danny Glover is introduced soon after as an investigator on the Jigsaw case.  Cary Elwes surprised me in this role, showing a far darker side than he's ever before revealed on-screen.  The movie is suspenseful and interesting, with a good and somewhat startling ending.  It turned out to be far better than I was told it would be.  I'm glad I decided to see for myself.
 Not since Reservoir Dogs have I been totally grossed out by such a movie. However I found the director's twisting back and forth between blood and gore to the mental insanity interesting. I found my concentration shifting back and forth between the two, keeping me guessing and wondering until the surprising ending. At the end of the movie I found myself thinking `I should have known all along!' but I didn't. The director keeps you firmly over-analyzing and slightly confused. The only thing I found lacking was the development of the Danny Glover character, I think it could have been developed a little more without hurting the movie. Great flick but NOT for the squeamish!
 As SAW opens, two men awaken to find themselves chained in a filthy industrial bathroom without any memory of how they got there.  One is given the instruction that by a certain time, he must kill the other man or his family will die instead.  We soon discover that the scenario is the work of a serial killer known as `Jigsaw,' whose M.O. is to place people in sadistic set pieces from which escape is possible, but at great cost.  Like the killer in SEVEN, Jigsaw is trying to teach a lesson.  He targets individuals who don't seem to appreciate their lives.  But unlike `John Doe's victims, Jigsaw's have a way out available to them, horrific though it might be.  The sole survivor of his traps emerges a changed woman and claims "he helped me.  This is an interesting point that I wish had been given more attention.  SAW is a gripping, suspenseful and unpredictable thriller while it's running.  It wasn't until I thought about it afterward that I realized it just didn't make sense.  The plot of the film - at best - relies on the remotest of coincidence to play out, while many of its elements don't work altogether.  In the manner of Dario Argento, the filmmakers went for style and effect rather than logic.  I'm willing to overlook it in this case because I was thoroughly entertained for the duration.  For the benefit of the timid, it is perhaps worth mentioning that the film is not as grisly as its subject matter and promotional imagery would suggest.  The DVD of SAW includes commentary by director James Wan and writer/actor Leigh Wannell.  It is fairly interesting and often funny.  There are two music videos for Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds You - one rated and one unrated.  The rated one is actually better.  The unrated video requires the band and a model to act (badly) while singing the song and is kind of embarassing.  There is a "making of featurette for the unrated video, as well as a very brief one for the film itself.  Finally, there are trailers and poster art.
 When `Saw' was first released it took the nation by storm.  It was the freshest thing to hit the world of horror and it still to this day has a large following.  With `Saw IV' set to hit theaters this weekend the anticipation is already thick for what new and disturbing things lay in store for the general public.  With the sequels though there has been an onslaught of critics for the original film as well calling it an overrated piece of trash.  I feel that this is an unfair assessment.  The original film was unique and thought provoking.  Finally we had a detour from the abundance of prefabricated copycats, horror films that relied heavily on severed limbs and large amounts of gore to establish a fan base.  This is not to say that `Saw' is lacking in the gore department, or even in the severed limbs area (just what do you think that `saw' is for) but it's smarter than that.  By the closing credits the audience has been forced to really open their minds, turn on their thinkers and delve into the material presented before them.  Saw is gritty, real, disturbing and most importantly stimulating.  The film opens with two men waking up in a room alone with a corpse.  The two men are chained to opposite sides of the room, the corpse lying between them just out of reach.  The two men are Adam, a student, and Lawrence, a doctor.  Soon after awakening the two men are informed that they only have a short period of time before they are to be killed.  They have been left clues in order to lead them to survival but they must find and follow them.  Before long it becomes apparent that they are being toyed with by a mastermind bent on making them atone for past indiscretions.  As their sanity begins to fray they uncover that they are linked in more ways than their current situation.  As far as acting is concerned, this is far from a showcase that's for sure.  Cary Elwes is somewhat all over the place here and Leigh Whannell (who co-wrote the film with director James Wan) is very amateur.  Danny Glover is decent as is Monica Porter but really the only effective actor is Tobin Bell and he's rarely seen, only heard.  What `Saw' lacks in acting it makes up for in originality and sheer eeriness.  In fact this is one of the only films that have kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish.  It has been compared to `Se7en', which is a nice compliment (`Se7en' is the better film), but `Saw' really is a film all its own.  Aside from the scare tactics there really is no similarity between the two films.  The subsequent sequels have been less effective than this original and it's a shame that Hollywood rushes these things because of that `it' factor, embracing a hot commodity to the effect of tarnishing a good thing.  If only a little more time and effort had been placed into creating sequels with the same originality and gritty flare as this original film then maybe we would have a complete set of worthy horror films.  Sure `Saw' has its flaws (mostly found within the acting) but it works hard within the script and plot to make up for its flaws and deliver one disturbing, horrific and gruesome good time.
 SAW is one of those movies it will take you repeated viewings to dissect certain parts and understand the plot and the importance of the characters, and boy are you in for one hell of a surprise ending when you see it for the first time. This is one of the best suspense horror movies in recent years, and hopefully SAW II will be no different.  SAW tells the tale of a serial murderer known as the "jigsaw killer who decides to kidnap two men, one is a doctor who is married to a beautiful wife and has children with her, while the other man seems very insignificant to us, not bearing any importance or meaning to us in the movie, except that he committed some kind of heinous act according to the the killer. Both of these men are put in dank room with dirty white walls and a mysterious body lying in the middle of the room (and we're to believe that it's dead). The doctor (played by Cary Elwes) is handcuffed by the ankle to a fixture, and the other man is handcuffed by his wrist, and this ultimately becomes the precursor of an evergrowing race to break free and stop the killer himself. The jigsaw killer is committing a series of grisly killings, all the while tormenting the two men he has trapped. The movie's tension builds and paramounts into a shocking and grisly climax that ultimately descends into the movie's surprise ending...you will never see this coming, trust me. It worked quite well to jolt my chill factor. And this new UNCUT edition of the movie is even more grisly. You are going to be even more repulsed by this smart horror film.  SAW spins a web of suspense, scares, and brains into a complex and jolting thriller that most certainly will prepare you for what's to come with it's follower, SAW II. Enjoy!
 This is definately one of those movies you'll have to watch a few times to fully understand what exactly is going on.  This movie wastes no time as it opens with "Adam and "Larry chained to pipes in a long forgotten bathroom.  This movie will take you on a ride and leaves a great opening for a sequel I am very exciting about seeing.  If you are a fan or Horror movies, then this is for you.
 I'm not much of a movie buff, but I do like Mystery-Suspense-Thriller type movies.  "SAW is one of the best movies of that genre that I've seen in a long time.  It starts off with a bang, and ends with a bigger bang!  It has lots of gore if you like that.  But most importantly, it makes you think and wonder about how things came about...all your questions might not be answered but hey, it's a highly entertaining movie, with a super cool ending, in my opinion!
 Great suspense and great plot= a great movie.  The only reason Im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the acting sucked.  Well everyone acted well in the movie except for Cary Elwes he was really bad in it.  But good movie nontheless. Dina Meyer, Shawnee Smith, Monica Potter, Alexandra Bokyun Chun are hot.  I never expected who the guy was I knew it was the orderly but I never thought of the ending.  Really good movie.
 Sociopath movies usually aren't my bag but this film came recommended to me by a few unlikely sources so I checked it out.  When the film started out it was suspenseful but the inevitable comparisons to "Seven started to float through my mind.  About the midway point the film kicked into second gear and delivered some twists that are superior to "Seven".  Outside of an above average script for this genre type there is superb direction by James Wan.  Wan really has a sense for establishing mood and paces his film well.  About the only really qualm I have with the film is that the characters aren't really fully developed.  For those who are a little squeamish, the film does contain some intense and grisly scenes but on the whole it doesn't go over the top.
 Over the last decade or so, little has excited the Hollywood establishment more than the 'Thriller', or 'Serial Killer Movie'. (Well not all thrillers involve serial killers, but virtually all the major recent ones do)  I generally don't watch these films.  Sure, 'Silence of the Lambs' was pretty good, and 'Seven' was good too, but most of these films just look tedious and formulaic, and what little I have seen has fulfilled these expectations. Now we have 'Saw', and I'm pleased to say that it isn't really a thriller, and leans more to the horror side of the spectrum.  Sure, there's a serial killer in the movie, and the visual style is massively indebted to Fincher, but at it's heart, 'Saw' is really just a low-budget horror film.(Only about a million dollar budget, shot in 2 1/2 weeks)  These sorts of films can't complete with major productions in terms of acting and production values, so they put all the emphasis on ideas and scenes.(Well, the good ones do, anyway)  So understand this all coming in- the acting isn't going to be up to major production standards, and the plot isn't going to be as developed or plausible.  If you can't get over those two things, you aren't going to enjoy this.  'Saw', however, makes up for it in other ways.  It's got frightful, intriguing ideas and interesting scenes and a strong, expressionistic (if derivative) visual style.  It may not all add up cleanly at the end, but the scenes are good enough that that doesn't really matter.  Though I'm sure everyone already knows, the basic setup is this
 I must say this movie totally caught me by surprise. I almost refused to watch it thinking it was just another gorey, plotless, no-story, let's try to scare some people, worthless movie. But then I watched it. I was shocked. I will say that this movie was brilliant. Aside from subpar acting performances, this movie was excellent.  Now, this and SE7EN are very different movies but I will say that Saw was very comparible to that film. It's a look inside the mind of a psychopathic killer who believes they've got it all figured out and is trying to prove a point through these "situations he is putting people in, who, in turn are to attempt the save their own lives by doing something quite desperate and abnormal. I grow tired of movies that serve no purpose but to try to scare, ex. The Ring, The Grudge, Texas Chainsaw Massacre. They make little sense, loose ends are rarely tied together, the plot is generally insignificant. But this was different. The story really keeps you thinking, and you stay on the edge throughout the movie.  What I really liked about this movie was something the director accomplished that most try to do but few can succeed. He makes you believe that you've got it all figured out (on a few occasions), and everything is coming together just like you predicted, and BAM, the ending throws it all right back in your face. All I could do at the end of this movie was smile and say "Bravo and give it a good clap. It was brilliant.  I do have a few qualms though bringing it down to a 4 star. They are
 Saw will never become a genre classic like Seven or The Silence of The Lambs. Although it shares many similarities with these movies, it still has too many plot holes and quite a few thing going against it to stand proud with those films. So why am I giving the film 4 stars? Because Saw offers one heck of a great time, that's why.  The Jigsaw Man abducts his victims and gives them a challenge they need to meet in order to survive. When a doctor and a young photographer wake up chained in an old decrepit building, the only thing standing between them is cassette player and a saw. They find tapes in their pockets that they will need to play in order to understand the rules of the game; if the doctor isn't able to free himself and kill his partner in less than twenty-four hours, then his family will also be murdered (since they're handcuffed, there's only one real mean of escape... I'll let you figure it out for yourself).  The film is shlocky and the performances (especially Elwes) are often laughable. But what the film delivers, it delivers it great. There are many very intense moments in this one, so many scenes that make you jump out of your seet of make you cringe that it's more than worth the price of the DVD. One flashback sequence in particular is incredibly disturbing and so horrifying you'll be holding your breath until it's over.  Forget about major plot holes (the surprise ending makes no sense at all). In fact, stop thinking and just enjoy the ride for what it is.  Grimmy, atmospheric, dark and disturbing, Saw is a horror movie you'll want to watch with your hands covering your eyes. A great source of entertainment, if nothing more.
 i saw (no pun intended...lol) i was this at the movies and thought it was a great suspense thriller... it will keep you captivated and on the edge of your seat till the end. i have it a 4 star rating cause i felt the movie could have been alot better and more in depth about each character, puzzles, and actors.... overall great movie and i will buy it when it comes out....
 I am a huge fan of the horror genre, as long as it isn't a monster movie (e.g. A Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, Friday the 13th, etc.) and the T.V. spots that were in my market made this film out as a monster movie, so I over looked it when Saw hit theatres fall of 2004. I now regret coming into the Saw fan club late. Thanks to Scary Movie IV, I decided to go ahead and check it out and I absolutely love this film.  It progresses a little slow and the acting isn't the best, but what can you expect on a low budget film? Nevertheless it is a very intelligent film and the ending will honestly make you say "WOW". No one I've ever talked to that has watched this film has been disappointed, and no one has seen the ending coming.  This is a first rate horror film that every horror fan, or any fan of a film that has logic and brains, should see.
 Finally got to see this movie and this is a very good DVD.  Saw has a great premise and spooky villian, that kept me watching all the way.  It has flaws for sure, the acting is strained but its backed up by a few bigger actors on board.  Where it delivers is in the spooky atmosphere and shocks and the ending which I thought was really interesting but  I'm not too sure I understand it - ah well it was different and thats all you can ask for a movie.  Now must go see saw 2!  check it out.
 2004's SAW was and still is one of the best thrillers I've seen in quite a while.  First-time director, James Wan, along with first-time writer, Leigh Whannel, have concocted a smart, stylish, edgy, and boldly twisted movie about a serial killer whose goal is to place people in life or death situations in order to gain an appreciation for life.  This interesting concept focuses on Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and his cellmate (Whannel).  They awake to find themselves chained to pipes in a "subterrainian bathroom with a body laying in between them laying in a pool of blood holding a tape player and a gun.  Once the men find the tapes in their pockets they listen to their instructions
 When I went to go see "Saw late last night I was thinking "saw as the past tense of see and not "saw as the noun ("a hand or power tool or a machine used to cut hard material and equipped usually with a toothed blade or disk") or as the verb ("to cut with a saw"). What was I thinking? "Saw is in the Grand Guignol of "Seven and "The Bone Cutter, and apparently had to make some last minute cuts to avoid getting saddled with a NC-17 rating. That alone with give you an indication of what first time director James Wan and first time writer Leigh Whannell were going for in "Saw, even with only $1.2 million to make the film and 18 days to shoot it.  Adam (Leigh Whannell), a young man, wakes up underwater in a dark room with a chain around his ankle. He is not alone, and when the light come on he finds himself is what appears to be a long abandoned public restroom. At the other end is Lawrence (Cary Elwes), who is also chained to a pipe. On the floor in between them, out of their reach, is the corpse of a man who apparently killed himself with a gun. In his hand is a tape recorder. After becoming oriented to his strange surroundings, Adam discovers a plastic bag in his pocket, containing an envelope. Inside is a key and a small cassette tape with the words "Play Me. Let the game begin.  Beyond that you really do not want to know that much about this before you see it, and given the dreck that passes for horror thrillers in recent years "Saw is worth the seeing in the theater. The last time I actually went to see a film in this genre in a theater was probably "Hannibal, and I have not had any reason to regret being selective in this regard. However, this is not going to be a date movie, but one for hardcore fans of the genre who prefer their DVD editions to be the director's unrated cut of the film. "Saw is a film that works more in the world of horror films than it does in the real world, but that is certainly part for the genre at this point.  The entire film does not take place in the abandoned restroom, although that is main arena. Lawrence knows something about the "Jigsaw Killer, who has been constructing elaborate dances of death in which his victims have to try and save themselves. Only one victim has survived to date (Shawnee Smith), so it is possible to get out of this alive, just extremely difficult and we are treated to a couple of examples of where it did not go as well. Investigating the case are a couple of detectives, Tapp (Danny Glover) and Sing (Ken Leung), and the chronology of the film gets skewed as the present and the past become confused. The game also involves more than the two men chained to the wall, because Lawrence's wife, Alison (Monica Potter) and daughter, Diana (Makenzie Vega) are part of it as well.  During the film's endgame things are moving fast enough that you probably will not be able to figure out how it will all play out even though "Saw overplays the obvious red herring card. The film pushes one of my least favorite buttons a couple of time, which is when somebody has a gun on the villain and does not blow them away. If there is one thing we have learned from all of these movies it is that hesitating when you have the bad guy in your sights is never a good thing. I especially go through the roof when a trained law enforcement officer is pointing the gun right at the killer and the killer still gets away (even Clarice Starling is guilty of this sin in "The Silence of the Lambs"). So there is some heavy handedness to Whannell's script that hopefully will be replaced by something more elegant when he and Wan make their recently announced "Saw 2 sequel for 2005.  But "Saw is not an elegant horror film, although Wan gets points for keeping the most horrific moment of the film off screen (even though the rationale is small budget and not true aesthetic choice, which makes me fearful for what will happen when Wan and Whannell have a much bigger budget for the sequel). The "Jigsaw Killer has a warped interest in having his victims better appreciate their lives, so getting out alive has to do not only with Lawrence and Adam solving the tasks they are given, but also with finding out some important things about each other. The important thing here is that the film's final scene is pretty horrific, even if the film cheats a bit to get to that point, and that even when the screen goes dark and the credits start to roll, Whannell keeps the horror going.
 This movie isn't as good as some past mind @%*% movies, but it definately is worth a look at.  The ending is twisted.  I understand that Saw 2 is coming out.
 Sometimes the mind has tunnel vision. But details need to be ingrained.  "Saw is a no bones, graphic crime thriller. Knowing that going into view this film can only lead to predictable assumptions. Who is the Killer? That question is always in the viewer's mind. As a side note
 Playing like an "Alfred Hitchcock Presents on speed, "Saw is a no holds barred terror ride that lets you know right away anything can and probably will happen.  The title "Saw comes from the name "Jigsaw", the name given to the serial killer who actually does not kill his victims, but instead finds ways to get them to kill themelves by placing them in scenarios by which if they do not perform certain tasks -- they will die.  A sample scenario
 what would you do if you wake up in a room, chained to a pipe, with a dead guy that blew his brains out in the middle. Meet Lawerence and Adam, they wind up in a really bad bathroom, with only no clue of how they got there. They try to piece together the clues and find out who would put them in that bathroom. The only way they can escape is by cutting their foot off.  good movie, good directing, mediocore acting, and a interesting screenplay
 Saw (James Wan, 2004)  The people who are criticizing Saw because Cary Elwes' acting ability breaks down at the end (which is an inaccurate statement in the first place, but oh well) are probably the same ones who criticize Se7en because of Brad Pitt's infamous "what's in the baaaaahhhhhhx?"line. Consider that when trying to decide whether you're going to see it.  Saw is the best psychological thriller in years, perhaps since Radha Bharadwaj unleashed the most underrated film of all time, Closetland, on us in 1991. The story concerns a mysterious sadist, known as Jigsaw (because of a distinctive mark left on those whose lives he touches), who cooks up inventive ways for people to kill themselves and applies them to those whose wasted lives they fit with most appropriately. Even saying that much really constitutes a spoiler, explaining how the movie works would be even more of one.  I find it all too amusing that the pre-release reviews of the film were overall positive (before it opened, its tomatometer reading at the indispensable Rotten Tomatoes site was 86%) and post-release reviews have been overall negative (as I write this, it sits at 46%). What's even more interesting is that so many of these reviews harp on the gore factor. The movie had two full minutes trimmed in order to get its R rating. I'm still wondering why. Aside from a few uses of the one word guaranteed to give your movie an R rating (cf. the brilliant horror spoof Student Bodies), only one scene in that movie would barely rate above a PG-13, were I voting; aside from that scene, there's nothing in this movie you won't see in an episode of CSI or The Shield. Most of you won't need to hide your eyes, except in one scene. (Close them at the words "Hello, Amanda, and keep them closed for approximately the next three minutes.)  As I read through the reviews for this movie, I wonder if they all missed the point. I keep seeing the word "scary, usually in a negative connotation (as in, the word "not is before it). People, Saw is not a horror film. Se7en was not scary, either, nor was Closetland. The whole point of the movie, as with any mystery, is to lead up to the main plot twist, where you figure out whodunit. And in that regard, Saw excels like no movie since The Usual Suspects. In fact, were it not for that film, I'd have started this review with the words "Best. Ending. Ever. As it stands, it runs a pretty close second.  Since so many people in so many places are harping on the acting, this seems a good time to bring it up. Yeah, there's some below-par acting here, especially from Makenzie Vega (The Geena Davis Show), who often seems more like a robot than a girl. Elwes does his job well; what I assume people are talking about when they say "his acting abaility breaks down at the end is actually about an hour into the movie, when he really starts getting mad. Yeah, it's kind of amusing, and certainly not tense, but then I'm not sure it was meant to be. (If you're really criticizing him for his acting at the end of the movie, I'm wondering if we saw the same movie, or if you realized what condition he was supposed to be in. His acting at the actual end of the film was spot on.) Excellent supporting performances are turned in by screenwriter Leigh Whannell, Danny Glover, Ken Leung, and a number of others. Special attention should be paid to Shawnee Smith, who's miles away from her amusingly bad performance in the 1988 remake of The Blob. Monica Potter makes appearances, but mostly in the film's weakest moments; she's not really given enough to work with to see what she's capable of.  I really wonder if the people who reviewed this film before I got around to it really saw the same movie I did. Maybe they were all lucky enough to see the uncut version. Maybe they're just not used to seeing suspense films that contain gore (which would actually explain a lot of the seeming misinterpretation). Go see it without any preconceptions, expecting a mystery/suspense thriller rather than a horror film, and you will be mighty entertained. ****  Originally a ****, but half a point got added for the movie's last two minutes.
 After countless raves from nearly every one of my horror film loving friends, I decided one day it was time for me to watch "Saw, an indie slasher film premiering at the Sundance Film Festival as one of the "Midnight Movies that is widely considered one of the greatest horror films of its generation. In no way does this film disappoint, no matter what you are looking for in a film.  Let's start with the story. Two young men--a doctor named Dr. Gordon, and a photographer named Adam--wake up chained to the wall in a dirty, old washroom. Neither of them know how they got there--and they don't know each other either. There is a slaughtered corpse between them eerily clutching a tape recorder and two tapes addressed to each of the men. The message is clear
 With an unoriginal script full of plot holes, a limited budget, cheesy acting, and a twist (though a cop-out) ending, SAW could have been another washed-up horror movie. Instead, it became the surprise horror hit of 2004, birthed a new killer icon--the Jigsaw Killer, prompted two sequels (so far), earned over $100 million worldwide, and revived the movie career of Cary Elwes.  The film opens in a disgusting, dirty, disused, and probably diseased bathroom with two men, Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) chained at opposite ends of the room to pipes by their ankles with an apparent dead man lying between them.  The dead guy holds a tape player and a handgun and each of the men has a tape in their back pocket.  They each play their tapes
 These two guys wake up chained up on opposite ends of a dirty utility room.  Whoever chained them up was brilliant, because the hand saw they are given doesn't cut through metal, but goes through flesh and bone.  They wonder why they're there.  One is calmer than the other.  In the room with them, there's a dead body, and in each of the hands there is a tape player and a handgun.  The two guys each have a tape with instructions on what to do in order to stay alive.  The madman behind all this is nicknamed Jigsaw, and he put his victims in these situations so to show them how precious life is.  In his eyes, people are killing themselves with drugs and whatnot that they don't take time to appreciate their own lives and what they got.  As the movie goes on, we, the audience find out information on the two guys.  One of the guys is a doctor and doesn't spend enough time at home with his wife and daughter.  The other is a photographer who, throughout the movie, we find out that he's been secretly taking pictures of the doctor.  This movie isn't as scary as I thought it would have been, but it is pretty disturbing and intense.  I'm pretty good at watching blood, but when the part where he had to saw his own leg off to free himself from the chain, I had to cover my eyes.  This movie made me think a lot.  Life is too short, and this movie will tell you to savor each breath you take.
 What can i say Saw is a brilliant film, an like many brilliant films it is also low budget..now don't let that put you off, because it is extremely entertaining. Cary Elwes, one of the lead actors was quite irritating though, and the over the top gore could have maybe been grunged down, but saw overall proves a fantastic treat
 When's the last time we've seen a good, original horror film (other than The Ring)?  Still trying to think?  So am I.  At first, when the previews of Saw were hitting television, the movie looked to me like the kind of movie that really doesn't go anywhere, and has no actual plot, but boy was I wrong!  After reading review after review after review on message boards and websites of how good this movie was, I found myself at Suncoast paying for the DVD before I had even seen it, and let me tell you, my instincts did not fail me!  Saw was fantastic!  The twists, the plot itself, the setting, the suspense, everything seemed to have been mapped out perfectly.  Not to mention the film's few grisly moments which take it back to good old raw horror.  I notice a lot of directors out there say they tried to go back to good old school fun, but they never pull it off.  That wasn't the case here.  They kept the movie contemporary, but still managed to also keep it moving at a relatively easy pace, so you're able to keep up with what's going on while the suspence builds up on you.  That was a great credit on the director's part.  The only downside is the subpar acting.  However, you'll find yourself overlooking that in a hurry.  Saw is one of the best damn horror movies I have seen in a very long time.  Any true horror fan should enjoy it!
 SAW has got to be one of the most underappreciated films to come out in theaters last year and I decided to rent this film last night and let me tell you something, this film is probably one of the most entertaining films I've seen in 05' and first time directer Wan' did a superb job making a film, which only took them 2 weeks to make.  AS FOR ACTING, yes it's not that great but not bad either....I thought Dr. Larwence ruined it with his acting.  Other then that this film was really, really awesome.  People need to understand that this film was originally(suprisingly true!!)going to be a "DIRECT to Dvd and VHS film but since it was praised by so many fans at those film festivals, they decided to put the film in theaters(sadly it was only in limited theaters in U.S).  Obviously the Director wanted it to go wide in theaters so he had to "butcher the NC-17 raing so he could get his R rating.  Still this film is so highly enjoyable, especially for fans of the movie Se7ven.  SAW is a great film, not so great acting, great twist(oh my oh my who saw that coming)though it's a bit flawed and I'm not going to explain why, just go on forums and you'll see.  Sadly SAW leaves you hanging with abunch of questions and even worse, SAW2 is already in the works and it's being directed by a different person so I already get that feeling that the sequal will have NOTHING to do with SAW1....Oh well...  Go check out SAW....It's a really great film...  4.0 out of 5 stars
 Saw is a good movie. It's suspenseful, gory, and keeps your attention. At the end you'll be wondering what happened, and will have to rewind. The only thing is that it doesnt fully live up to its hype.
 For my part, it was quite an impulsive move to view "Saw".  I had no real pre-conceived ideas beyond having heard that it was similar to "Seven".  Although I can only give the film 4 stars, I can recommend it to all viewers of crime thrillers.  The reason for not offering a further star is that, upon reflection, the plot is perhaps too far fetched.  That point aside, the film was truly chilling.  In brief, two men are chained together in a filthy basement toilet area.  They each have a saw although the saw is only sufficient to sever a limb and not adequate for braking their chains.  If they cannot escape within about 8 hours they will be killed.  Through a series of flashbacks, the viewer is able to piece together a series of horrible murders that are all connected.  The connection is both the horror of the crime and the fact that the victims have a link with a local hospital.  Yet, it is only at the film's end that we come to learn who is the mastermind of the murders.  It is at this point, however, that the plot becomes somewhat implausible.  Despite my misgivings about the plot, "Saw is excellent drama that will keep all viewers on the edge of their seats.
 I wouldn't exactly call this "horror as much as a crime film, since there's no supernatural element in at all.  Whatever Wan was originally going for with this strange little piece, it really is a double edged sword
 "Saw", the new psychological horror/thriller directed by James Wan, is a frightening movie. Although I would not rate it as the scariest movie of this year, it has its moments by making you jump off your seat, and delivering a lot of gore scenes.  The movie starts off well with two men, who are stranded in a room with a dead body lying in the middle and chains tied to their legs. They don't know where they are or why they are there, but find a tape in their pockets. After playing it, they realize that they are being held captive by a crazy psychopath. Will they be able to escape in time without following the mad man's orders? Will an ex-cop who is obsessed as to finding the killer be able to track him in time?  Overall, the movie is a little above average. While I do admit that the plotline is somewhat different, and there are a lot of unexpected twists and turns (especially in the end), they could have redone a few scenes. For example, after watching the movie, I realized that the character of Detective Tapp (Danny Glover) was really unnecessary for the movie, as his character doesn't do anything to alter the plot of the storyline at all. As for the acting, I think everyone acted fairly well except Cary Elwes (who acted as Dr. Lawrence Gorden) who could have acted better.  All in all, if you liked movies such as `Identity' and `Phonebooth', then you might enjoy this movie.
 This was probably the best movie I saw last year. Besides the blood-rivers there's a message on the movie
 A very effective horror movie.  It proves that you don't need a huge budget to create a scary movie.  There are certainly flaws, but they are easily overshadowed by what is good.  The new uncut version is very similar to the original, but does contain more gore, and some new music.  Lots of nice special features and commentaries make this a winner.
 I bought this movie and i thought it was awsome.This movie is very suspensfull and had you at the edge of your seat from almost the start.The twist is awsome you would never expect it.They had a good choice of characters and it toke them only 18 days to shoot it.
 I got the 2-disc DVD within a few days.  It was packaged well and I had no problems whatsoever with anything.  Thank you!
 ok, honestly, watching the previews for this movie didnt really imply that it was oscar worthy. it looked like a bunch of uneccessary gore, and make no mistake, it is violent. however, its actually a very good movie. the acting isnt A+ at moments, but the story is actually very well written. the movie obviously doesnt rely on its cast (when's the last time cary elwes was the top guy, Robin Hood Men In Tights?) so it hits you with a plot that twists your mind in 8 different directions. the games the killer plays are groteque and may make the weaker audience turn away, but the lessons that Jigsaw teaches do have a purpose. the end was my favorite, if any of your friend told you they predicted the end to this movie, its a lie. it's so out of left field, yet still blows you away in that, when you think about it, its not illogical. no, the movie isnt Se7en (the movie that set the standerd for this genre) but its still worth the price of admission. fans of the creepy crime dramas are sure to enjoy sAw. hopefully the sequal is just as good, or better.
 "Saw is a creepy low budget film with high wattage actors. It promises to deliver tense moments and it does. Several reviewers have stated that it puts up one too many red herrings and, you know, maybe that's true, but frankly I love that stuff - I eat up Agatha Christy-type story lines. And this is somewhat in that vein - just extremely gory.  A couple of guys who don't know each other wake up in a disgusting bathroom (I think it's the one that Ewan McGregor went toilet diving in Trainspotting...)chained to the walls. The corpse of someone who blew his own brains out lies between them. They can't free themselves unless one or both of them can saw off his leg using a saw provided by their tormentor (yes, they try it on the chains first to no avail).  Provided with piecemeal clues, the men try to devise a way out of their prison, only to find that if they don't do exactly as their tormentor has stated one of the man's family will be murdered.  The cast includes Cary Elwes (Princess Bride and Twister), Danny Glover (do you really need help here?), Monica Potter, and a few unknowns (one of whom wrote the story).  The acting is well above par for such a film. The film is sufficiently claustrophobic when it needs to be and expands outside to give us a bit of breathing room only to reel us back in for more.  If you have a stomach for some gore and a few really good thrills, check this film out.
 TWO MEN [CARY ELWES AND LEIGH WANNELL] BOTH WAKE UP IN A MYSTERIOUS ROOM WITH A MAN WHO'S KILLED HIMSELF. AS THEY'RE TRAPPED DUE TO THE FACT THAT CHAINS ARE LOCKED ON THEIR FEET, THEY REALIZE A MYSTERIOUS KILLER IS PLAYING A VERY SICK GAME WITH THEM. THIS GORY HORROR FILM IS ENTERTAINING AS WELL AS VERY INTELLIGENT. DON'T READ THAT REVIEW WRITTEN BY THIS SITE THAT'S ON THIS PAGE AND DON'T READ THE REVIEWS POSTED BY THE REVIEWERS WHO THOUGHT THIS FILM SUCKED. THIS FILM IS VERY GOOD AND VERY SUSPENSEFUL. THINK OF IT THIS WAY
 Given that just about every movie poster advertising Saw and Saw II involves body parts, I gave the film a pass.  Not because I was afraid it would be gross, but because I've long since lost any interest of watching horror movies with an audience; movie horror audiences tend to be loud, scream at stupid things, and otherwise just plain irritating to anyone who wants to actually, ya know...enjoy the movie.  Someone finally lent me Saw (thanks Matt!), so my wife and I got the chance to see it. This becomes problematic when you talk about the film to other people.  "Did you see Saw? "I saw Saw.  "You saw what? "I said I saw Saw. "Stop repeating yourself... You get the picture.  Anyway, the plot begins with Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and Adam (Leigh Whannell) waking up in a nasty-looking bathroom.  A dead guy is in the center, apparently having blown his brains out.  In one hand is a gun, in the other a tape recorder.  Eventually, our two protagonists discover they have a tape in their pocket, and a lot more in common than they think.  The first half of the movie unfolds in flashbacks as Gordon explains who they're up against.  Their nemesis is the serial killer known as Jigsaw.  Only he doesn't technically kill people; Jigsaw makes his victims kill themselves or each other. Jigsaw is a genius on the level of a Batman villain, a master of puppeteering, trap making, and disguise.  If you've seen Se7en, you've seen most of what Saw's all about
 ...Whose fought for a forgotten word...Honor .   Last samurai's a movie that brings to the western public a point of view very different about the way to live in the ancient Japan, bringing us back the lost proud of honor (with an eastern tonic). But the main message in the movie is not just see how the samurais fought in battelfield, and cut the throats of their enemies, or how the technology crushed the samurais, no this is not the real point or message, the big deal is that we must remember who we are and where we come from. Now if we look around the dressing, make up and efx, we can move into that age in the ancient Japan, and we learn an important message that master Tsu's ever told... Empty and Full,  Empty is your enemy when he decides to attack you and you are waiting for his attack, so your troops are full and their troops are empty of energy . The example of the Demopolis attack made by persians in the old Greece, was very accord with the last battle, when it's explained by Tom Cruise (Nathan Algren) to Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)and he used the word  million  and 300, drawing to the samurai that
 This movie being categorized as action, pretty much misrepresents what it's about.  Yes, it has action in it (amazing battle scenes), however it's central theme has to deal with honor, the loss of it, and the loss of a way of life in exchange for a more modern society.  On the one hand you have the Japanese civilization in the middle of adopting a more Western style of living, and on the other you have the Samurai, more than willing to die fighting to keep Japanese tradition alive.    Now, some people say the title of this movie refers to Tom Cruise's character, others (including me) say it refers to Watanabe's character, Katsumoto, who loosely represents the real life Saigo Takamori, the real life samurai who was considered the actual  last samurai .  Some reviewers also describe Tom's character, Algren, as the white man who swoops in to save the day.  I say he was simply a bystander caught up in the events of history.  It's not impossible to believe that a white man can get involve with the samurai, since this idea is borrowed from actual history of a westerner who adopts the samurai way of life during the rise of the Shogunate.    No matter who's name is credited first though, it wouldn't be much of a movie without the cast.  With that said, Ken Watanabe, Hiro Sanada, and Koyuki make this movie.  No offense to Tom Cruise since he was impressive in doing all of his own sword work.  However, it is obvious that his character takes a back seat to what is supposedly the secondary plot of the samurai.  Frankly, this isn't Cruise's movie, it simply has Cruise in it.
 I have never been a fan of Tom Cruise, but after watching this movie my opinion of him has slowly begin to change.  Granted, Cruise is a good actor, but there are several others I would place ahead of him in terms of acting ability and on camera congeniality.  Nevertheless, I believe The Last Samurai is one of Tom Cruise's best films, if not his best film ever, because he does an outstanding job of portraying the role of Capt. Nathan Algren;  Algren is a Civil War and Indian War veteran who is tortured over the atrocities he has viewed and committed on the front lines.  These experiences have transformed Algren into a man filled with bitterness and cynicism and driven him to embrace alcohol as his escape mechanism from reality.   Cruise does an excellent job of capturing this particular spirit in the film.  Even though Cruise's performance is excellent, the film is only bolstered by the performances by the performances of Watanabe and the rest of the cast.  Watanabe was simply terrific as the Samurai warlord, Katsumoto.  On screen he exuded a kind of gentle but stern warrior aura, and showed he was a man of astute intellectual abilities.  In his performace Watanabe displayed all the qualities and characteristics that were essential to the Samurai.  Besides the performances the battle sequences and costumes were spectacular.  In addition, the scenery and setting were also very good and captured the atmosphere of a 19th century Japan that was experiencing rapid Westernization.  At several instances in the film it is easy to see vestiges of traditional Eastern Japansese culture stand side by side with modern Western culture.  Last but not least, the musical score by Hans Zimmer is phenomenal. As always, Zimmer delivers a rousing an emotional score that complements the film and actually heightens the sensitivity at certain crucial moments of the film. My only criticism of this movie is that Tom Cruise was focued upon too much.  It would have been nice if the other characters, Ujio, Taka, and Katsumoto, received more screen time since they were all so likeable and each delivers a great performance.  Slight criticism aside, this is one of my favorite movies of all time and one I would recommend to virtually anyone who asked.
 By far this is the best movie that I've seen in a long while.  Not only does it depict strong issues about honor, trust, integrity, values, sound morals, lodyalt, duty, and respect, but it also shows a deeper sense of love and loving than I've seen ages.  Here is a movie full of passionate love, but no blatant sex acts.  Yeah!!!  That was a wonderful departure from the norm.  Ken Watunabe's role was AWESOME!!!  This is a great movie.
 I can't find the words to describe this truly amazing movie. I was not a huge fan of Tom Cruise, but since it looked like it would be pretty good from the preview, I decided I had to see it. This movie exceeded my expectations. Tom Cruise really surprised me and delivered such a wonderful performance in this movie. I feel that this movie was a gipped from being nominated for an Oscar. I thought for sure it would have been. If the Last Samuari had been nominated for an Oscar, and if, The Lord of the Rings
 This Movie by far is the best movie I have ever seen in my entire life!!!!! No kidding! Its about damn time they came out with a movie like this! I'm surprised to see Tom Cruise in it for I had under estimated his acting abilities! I give him as well as Ken Watanabe great props!!!! They are truly wonderful actors and now one of my most favorites..... I cant tell you how great this movie was! It moved me in sooooo many ways... Ways as in the movie having parts that were funny, a lot of actions parts, and the best of all the dramatic parts... I like seriously cried 3 times!!! And I havn't done sooo in a long time when watching a movie!!! That just tells you how more powerful this movie is!!! It takes you there with all the Japanese Samurais and gives you another perspective on that kind of people.... Leaving the movies had me at a higher respect and a new look at the Japanese culture! for I give a lot of respect to them and what they've done!!!    This movie has been definitly life changing for me and I recommend it to Everyone!!!!!
 I was bored one Sunday evening and happen to catch this on TV.  I really had no anticipation that it would be a good movie.  I was wrong.  It has a full spectrum of emotions running through it.  Tom Cruze is not my favorite actor but he was suburb in this movie.  I immediately bought it from Amazon on Blue Ray.  Highly recommend it.
 I had owned this dvd and watched it many times! This is a cinematic spectacle with lush cinematography and action, as well as a fantastic storyline! I wanted to watch it one day and could not find it! I literally went right to amazon.com and ordered it and am happy I did. It definately makes my top 25 films of all time in a collection of over 7000 titles! Go out and get this movie if you have not seen it. You'll be glad you did! Michael
 This is one of the best action movies since interview with the vampire. Don't know how anyone can rate it less than 5 stars. Great drama/action. 
 THE LAST SAMURAI doesn't stand up to anything by Kurosawa, but it did prove that Tom Cruise could act, and it is a very watchable film. For one thing, Ken Watanabe, and Koyuki were simply superb, the cinematography, costuming, battle scenes, and music were glorious, and despite the highly fictionalized portrayal of samurai in this period of Japan's history it is a great story, with memorable characters, and one of the most sensual 'dress' sequences ever.
 If you are interested in Japanese history/culture such as Samurai, you will obviously like any Samurai related movie.  This is not just any Samurai related movie, Tom Cruise and the rest of the cast make this movie a must see if you haven't already seen it, and a must buy for ANYONE'S DVD collection!
 While this movie may be set in Japan during it's early industialization, at the end of the Samurai's reign (don't take that literally), that is not what this movie is about.  For anyone who's interested in what went on historically at the time, and it's acuracy, go find something else.  For anyone else, especially those with friends or family who may be returning from serving overseas in Iraq or Afganastan, this movie can help give you a small glimpse of the conflict those who fight face.  At it's heart this movie is about a soldier, who was forced into a battle that was against everything he thought was right.  How it took a toll on him, his hate for himself and others.  And his personal road to reclaiming his personal honor, and mental health.  It also shows how we can learn from other cultures if we just take the time to understand them.  Even now in places we consider the "third world there are aspects of various cultures we can still learn from.  Technology and all it's benefits are great, but it's the human spirit that is mankinds greatest tool or weapon, depending on how it's used at any time.  Definitely not something to be missed
 This turned out to be one of the best films I have ever seen. I knew this film could easily be misunderstood, and whereas I had doubts myself in the beginning, after watching it they had all but removed and I was in love with it. As with all good films, this one had picked the right people to play the characters. This had included Katsumoto, Omura, Emperor, Taka, Simon Graham, the Americans, even the guardian. It smartly blends in the flares and drama in both American and Japanese cultures and anyone who can appreciate both cultures can easily testify to great illustration of both. The film could easily be misunderstood for a few reasons
 I'm not big on movies. This one is big. I don't normally watch R movies. This one is R because of the realistic battle scenes.  I was struck with character quality after character quality throughout the movie. By the end of it, my soul was ringing with words like, 'courage, valor, honor, dignity, purity, perfection'. I have to say that I felt I was educated in Japanese history/culture to a degree by this movie.  I have to say that Ken Watanabe is great in this movie. The battle scenes are 'glorious', and the shifts from normal speed to slo-mo are perfect.  Sound also has some zoom effects that don't distract, but add to the themes of this movie. It is a movie I will watch again sometime.  Excellent movie.  You should see it if you haven't yet.  I think it will make you want to go to Japan (it had that effect on me).
 This is Tom Cruise at his greatest. The film's tone, mood, action, acting, directing, sets, and scenes (especially the exteriors) were magnificent!!! This is a movie with a heart, and Tom's gradual transformation--from savage soldier to honorable fighter--was refreshing and uplifting. Buy it and keep it. You'll want to see it many times, as each viewing shows you how very much more there is than when you saw it earlier. I can't praise this movie enough, and believe me, I'm a harsh critic, especially when I note something unbelievable and phony. Enjoy!
 The best acting from Cruise since Magnolia. Great scenery, wonderful actors, especially magnificent Ken Watanabe. A crucial moment in Japan's history, good action, lots of sincere drama. All these are just trimmings, they would have been enough to make the movie interesting but the movie is not an action, or historical drama, or adventure.  The movie is about that sad period of human history when individual values were sacrificed to obedience to orders, personal warrior skill and art replaced with cheap soldier "cannon fodder mass, indiviudal honor and responsibility gave way to the power of human rabble.  It was easier to show on Japan's example but same thing gradually happened in Europe and US as well - it took longer so the change was less stunning, but no less dramatic.  The movie for those who still believe in the word "honor", the movie for (who said that great phrase?) "romantics who were mugged by life".
 Excellent movie...........I highly recommend anyone who has not seen this movie should see it asap.  You will want to watch this movie more than once.
 One of, if not, the best samurai movies ever.  Why do people say Cruise was miss cast, he did a great job and should have been nominated for an oscar.  The movie also should have been nominated for the best picture oscar.  The story was great, very true to the way of the samurai, and very dramatic.  The action was intense and incredible, the ninja attack and the last battle are o so very cool.  The performances were good all around esspecially Tom and Ken.  I give it a 10 out of a 10, because boys and girls movies don't get much better then this.
 This is a great movie to show in history classes.  It's a great tool of showing how Japan was "westernized.  The no need for Samurai, the American training of Japanese troops, cannons, guns, the awful machine gun.  Even Western style clothing, electricity, and modernization of mostly everything.  And give you an idea how the samurai and their families lived.  Not only is this a great teaching tool but it's great entertainment.  It's not that bad of a movie.  There's a little humor in it and some serious moments where you can actually learn something about life itself.  This movie has actually sparked my interest in the Japanese history.  I do believe this movie does open your eyes a little to of pre-modern Japan and the changes Emporer Meiji made.  It's a good buy.
 I have wathched this movie and must say that it was great, the dialogue was very nicely  done and the acting was also okay.I am not a movie critique(I personally think they are never satisfied).But I think that before you critique this film I suggest you watch it first fully to understand.Many of the people who critisize this movie do so because they focused on only bits and not the whole picture,(in doing so then all movies are not perfect)--when you read some of the reviews of this movie you will wonder--"to what level should we critique a movie???should we critique the directors own story descisions??--in doing so doesn't that put as above the director and above the story??(the movie stops being the directors movie and hence becomes the movie-critique's movie).This is absurd since the story and drama the director planned to let the audience feel is lost upon the audiences own ignorance to accept what directors work)  This movie is about samurai so expect alot of blood and gore.but it still has some good dramatic content to keep you glued to the screen till the end.  Basically if want a good story with lots of beatiful scenes and lots of action then watch this film.but if you watch this film like a movie critique looking for small bits to critique then I am afraid no movie will satisfy you.--because if people can critisize such a nice movie what about the ones which really need help????(i do admit there are some which are extremely disappointing but this one is not one of them)--enjoy this movie!!!
 In a day of movies based solely on how much special effects they can pack in 2 hours, this is really a different movie. Yes, there are battles with blood spilled all over but this is accessory to the plot. The story is what appealed to me. The old Japan is lost and it is a shame. This revives it and exposes people to the Japanese culture. Being able to turn back the clock and achieve this level of realism and show the lost pride of the Japanese is an  amazing feat. Of course there is a touch of Hollywood but that's ok. Cruise is at his best in this movie surrounded by talented Japanese actors. Ken Watanabe is simply brilliant.
 The Last Samurai is a beautiful film, the kind of epic that David Lean might have made.  The film is true to historical events that happened in Japan during 1876-77.  In particular, meticulous care was taken with the recreation of Tokyo and the clothing that was being worn, traditional Japanese and modern clothing. The clash of tradition versus the influence of the West is sharply portrayed in these contrasts. Like all historical epics, departures and simplifications of the truth have to be made for the sake of a coherent film.  Certainly, there were no Americans fighting along with the samurai but the character of Captain Algren allows us to explore what is going on in Japan from the traditional and modernistic points of view.  What makes The Last Samurai an excellent historical film is what also makes for a great historical novel
 This is a great movie.  Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast play their parts perfectly.  This movie is more than just some excellent battle scenes.  It's about two completely different peoples learning about eachother while incresingly understanding and accepting a way of life that is not their own.  Oh, and there ARE some great battle scenes.  I was a little sceptical when I was about to watch this the first time, but it blew my expectations away, and I loved it.  Very few movies can bring this man to tears, but the end of this movie accomplished just that.  Do yourself a favor and get a copy of this powerful film.
 Many have seen this wonder of a movie.  If you don't have the DVD 2 disk version, then you are missing out on so much more.  The first disc has the movie and right after that they have the full movie again but this time with the directors commentary on every aspect of the film as it plays.  The second disk has special features including interviews with the actors and what I think is worth the price of the DVD by itself
 It's really 90/100 No, it's no way near perfect b/c Hollywood made this film.  Why you'd wannna buy it
 If you are in to movies like Spartacus, Braveheart and Gladiator, then this should be on your list of movies to check out. The Last Samurai is about a captain, played by Tom Cruise, from the US army in the late 1800s that is sent to Japan to train soldiers in the way of modern warfare. Tom Cruise's character ends up getting captured by the enemy, who are a civilization of samurai warriors who have chosen to uphold the ancient traditions of Japan.  Throughout the movie, there is a conflict of interest between the new and old traditions and it is interesting to see the ways of the samurai throughout the film. There are both small fights and epic battles, both of which are done very well and are very entertaining to watch. Through all of the culture, battles and story line is some amazing cinematography. On top of that, the acting was superb.  The Last Samurai is very entertaining and interesting movie that is solid from start to finish and fits in nicely with any collection of epic style movies.
 I really enjoyed it. I love historical movies of any kind and although this was a somewhat romanticized view of the historical events that occured, i still thought it was a very good film. I also bought the soundtrack-it was excellent.
 The dream
 I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan. That explains why I waited until the DVD release to rent it on Netflix. That was a mistake because this epic is all that. Maybe it is my clarity on the context surrounding the participants that caused me to be so engrossed.  I wonder how many of you are aware that the three leading industrial powers at the turn of the 20th century where Britian, Germany and Japan? Isn't it ironic that the US was not one of the elite? What is amazing is the instantaneous metamorphosis of Japan from a feudal society to a major industrial power. The setting  of this movie is about the transition from "the old ways to the new ways.  Tom Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, formerly of the 7th Calvary, sent to Japan to train the Emperor's army in western warfare tactics. This would be the infamous Custer's calvary. The Custer who opened up "Thieves Road to the Black Hills. The same calvary that went looking for one helpless Native American village too many. The Captain left the calvary before its demise at Little Big Horn. He is imbued with nightmares from the massacre of the Southern Cheyenne. This is the first historically accurate portrayal of Custer EVER by Hollywood.  These two contexts are the heart of this movie and it is amazing to see how a cowboy becomes an indian. Cruise isn't bad in this movie but I'm not raving about it because of him. The Japanese actors are absolutely engrossing in their first film before western audiences. They are credible and believable and there is a complete absence of the overacting ubiquitious in so many films. Ken Watanabe has the key role as the Last Samurai leader, Katsumoto, who is dedicated heart and soul to the code of bushido. He is also the heart and soul of this movie. Shin Koyamada plays Nobutada, the son of Katsumoto and is unforgettable. We are also introduced to a captivatingly beautiful actress Koyuki, who plays the sister of Katsumoto and wife of a samurai slain by Algren.  There are so many great lines and enveloping dialogue but the best is when Cruise character tells Colonel Bagley
 I saw this movie in the theatre and loved it-- action, drama, history, it had it all. Tom Cruise was excellent, oscar worthy in my opinion, but the costars also gave powerful performances. I am buying this movie on DVD when it is released!
 Ive never been much of a Tom Cruise fan untill i went to see this film. What can i say but an all action film just brilliant tom should win an oscar.
 1876 in Japan, an American soldier named Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been hired by the Emperor Meijii to train some Japanese soldiers to fight against the savage Samurai. He does get captured by the Samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) while in battle as he is brought to their village, Nathan begins to learn the ways of their life and even becomes one of the people for 2 years as learns to switch sides to fight on their side for honor and love.  An amazing and sweeping old fashioned epic historical fiction drama from the director of the modern classic "Glory Edward Zwick is one of the decade's best pictures. Co-starring Tony Goldwyn, Billy Connelly and Hiroyuki Sanada Koyuki this is a well made and violent adventure film that has a familar old story. Although very similar to films like "Man Named Horse", "Dances with Wolves", "Lawrence of Arabia or "Last of the Mohicans this one takes the old story of those to Japan instead of being in the western times or the French-Indian war or Arabia. The acting is flawless as is the direction, the action sequences are gory and well made and the photography is just stunning as is Han Zimmer's score.  This Blu-Ray offers quality picture in a great transfer that looks fresher and the sound is good as well and the extras include audio commentary, History Channel Documentary
 This is a must have for any fan of samurai period drama, and now with the advanced Blu-ray tecnology it's even better. As a fan of Japanese culture and history, this film holds up fairly well. Tom Cruise's is somewhat typical for him...a bit over the top, but bearable.  There was a nice transition from languages to illustrate his communication with the Japanese samurai. I still would have preferred Cruise learning the language and seeing it almost entirely subtitled, but that's not a viable approach for Hollywood. Nevertheless, the director did a good job of capturing the culture. Even though I tend to be a purist, it's possible to watch this film and be entertained, despite some inaccuracies.  This is more a review of the movie itself rather than the disk, sorry! It has some nice extra features and enhancements over the original DVD version.
 My profile 43 yo no qualifications as a movie critic  Browsing through the reviews (there is just too many), I stopped after finding out one reviewer who reflected on why this movie was not that popular in the US and why it it was almost not mentioned in the Oscar (that was my impression at least).. Well, the reviewer said something about the view of the "whiteman's burden made have caused unpleasant reactions.. that could be part of the reason, but my opinion is, the movie was released at a bad political timing and was censored by Hollywood as part of the "Patriot canpaign designed at getting moral support to the invasion of Irak  Now you may label me now as a "conspiracy paranoid", but let me deliniate some aspects too see if they are not logical.. in the movie, americans go to Japan as mercenaries with a agenda of opening the big arms trade with imperial Japan.. to make matters worse, an ethical crisis occurs to the character of Tom Cruise.. an actor who is still remembered as a patriotic pilot who shot down those dreaded MICs in "Top Gun ( a movie destined to make the public feel good at their defense expenditure)... talk about a bad timing to reflect and see that your goverment; not only sends you to genocide the american indians, now its time to continue somewhere else!! and what's even worse, he joins the other side!!, not exactly the kind of attitude you need on the troop morale sent to invade Irak under weak grounds.. hell, was it not enough the catharsis done by all those Vietnam movies? (where Tom Cruise did a Nam veteran).. well that was then this is now... lets face it.. why such an epic movie, a superb production and  what I consider Cruise's pass to inmortality in the world of true films, was given a "foreign movie treatment??!!  Perhaps after the dust settles and a new peace period begins, this movie can be seen in its proper context..
 Comparisons to "Dances with wolves apart, "The last samurai is a very enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise, maybe in his best performance ever, plays Nathan Algren, a veteran of the Civil War that now lives in oblivion as an alcoholic ad-boy for a weapons company. He's invited to Japan to train the Imperial Army against a bunch of rogue samurai. The Imperial Army represents the new Japan (in 1876), a nation that has turned its eyes to the western world. The samurai represent the old japanese style, fighting without fire weapons, living a life of discipline, simplicity, commitment and respect for the nature, etc.  This clash of so different cultures is what makes this movie interesting. Besides, there are many dialogues spoken in japanese (what helps create the correct atmosphere), the costumes and figurines are excellent, and the battle scenes, that some people found to be not well-represented and slow, caught my attention every time.  Not only Tom Cruise is good, though a little too intense; the girl Koyuki and, especially, this amazing actor Ken Watanabe play their parts with a tremendous ease and desenvolture, giving us, westerners, a glimpse of what japanese culture is (or was).  OK, the script is Hollywood from beginning to end, but, nonetheless, Edward Zwick did a competent job, just like he did in another exceptional movie, "Glory". I did not enoy "The las samurai because of its story, but because its very well enacted, colorful and it portraits one of the most interesting cultures in the world. Maybe something that helped me like this movie is the fact that I've never watched (and I'm ashamed to say so) an Akira Kurosawa movie.  Grade 8.7/10
 One of history's great ironies is that the machine gun was designed with the goal of making war more humane.  This is an expression of a reality that the makers of The Last Samurai seem to be highly aware of
 A beautiful tale of a man finding redemtion in an unlikely plave....but the beauty of Zwicks battles and scenery are overshadowed by a typically hollywood liberla anit-American view. SOMEHOW in the background of Japan becoming a modern society, and ending centuries of Feudalism, the United States become the BAY GUY. Japanese serfs, striving for freedom, are not the Enemy. Samurai opressors are not the Enemy. 1 whiteman is the enemy. 1 American is the enemy. it's all summed up on the eve of the battle between the modern serf army and the traditional samurai army, when asamurai child ask's Tom Cruise "Will you fight the WHITE MEN"? Of course there is only ONE whiteman. And the whole army of dirty serfs struggling to breathe free is irrelevent. It's the white American's fault. Centuries of feudalist opression is summed up into "ONE WHITE MAN". 5 stars for battle scenes and general movie macgic. -1 for silly political ideology where it does not belong and is totally out of context.
 "The Last Samurai is, without a doubt, one of the finest action epics thatI have seen ever since "Braveheart"! "The Last Samurai is one of those rare films that combine a sweeping, heroic epic with an intimate, extremely poignant personal story of love, honor, and tenderness. The direction of Edward Zwick ("Glory", "Courage Under Fire") was top-notch and powerful! And the performance of superstar Tom Cruise ("Minority Report") was unforgettable! Surely one of the best Tom Cruise performances since "Top Gun"! The film focuses on Nathan Algren (Cruise), a decorated war hero (from the war against the American Indians) now drunkenly relegated to showing off new gun technology at expositions. Algren is offered handsome compensation to leave the States and help bring Japan into the modern age of guns and to suppress a revolt of nontechnological samurai making trouble in the hinterlands. During a raid that is botched by unready troops, Algren is captured but not before managing to cleverly kill off one of the most accomplished samurai. The samurai lord, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), is impressed with Algren's magificent fighting spirit and resourcefulness and decides to nurse him back to health so that he might learn more about his enemy. The premise revealed. I will skip the rest of the plot, saying only that it is inevitable that Algren comes to respect and then love the ways of his captors and becomes himself an accomplished warrior in their disciplined traditions. He soon allies himself against his former compatriots and must learn what true honor is and how both life and death can help one reach his destiny. Essentially, and I do not say this casually, this film is "Dances with Wolves set among the Japanese "other rather than the American "other". The film started like a Tom Cruise movie, stopped being one for a fascinating hour or so, and then returned to its Hollywood roots. When we first see Cruise, he is doing his trademark Cruise acting
 As epic movies go,  The Last Samurai  is a superb one despite any historical inaccuracies which is what the History Channel is for.  All of the big named male actors such as Mel Gibson and Russell Crowe had their epic war movies and Tom Cruise was sorely due for one and in this movie he chose very well.  Over the years, like many super stars, Tom Cruise has chosen some extremely good roles and at the other end of the spectrum he's done some very poor movies but with  The Last Samurai,  the part couldn't have been better for him as it was supremely suited to his talents. Along with the superior performance given by Tom Cruise, his co-actors in Timothy Spall, Ken Watanabe, Billy Connolly, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada and Koyuki and so many others added greatly to the overall feel of the movie through their performances which were all of great depth and feeling. Over the years, Edward Zwick has directed some of the finest movies to ever grace the silver screen such as  Glory  and  Legends of the Fall  and  The Last Samurai  serves well to his legacy by being added to his library of exceptional films.  Additional credit goes to Hans Zimmer for the score for this outstanding film. The Premise
 After scanning some of the negative reviews posted here I must say I am shocked to learn that ANYONE could find this movie anything but exceptional. The words "boring and "tedious have no place desrcibing this exceptional film. It's beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, full of humor, poetry and sensuality and considering the fact that it is of course A MOVIE (for those of you overly concerned with real looking sets, etc), I was mesmerized and entertained for the 2 plus hours I was watching this great movie. My wife, who reluctantly attended the sneak preview, fell so in love with this film that she insists on seeing it again on Friday when it makes its full release. There will always be the inevitable haters and those comparing it to Dances With Wolves, etc, but disregard those folks and go see what is sure to be an Oscar Winner. You won't be disappointed.
 After the opening of Japan in 1853 under the pressure of the US and their Perry expedition, and the restoration of Imperial power in 1867, things went very fast. Japan was modernized at first to the best profit of the USA. But this development brought strong resistance within Japan from the feudal order of the Samourais, and a very agressive expansion on the Asian continent. This film concentrates on the final push against feudalism and its old code of honor represented by the Samourais. This change was particularly brutal with imported weapons from the USA, an exclusive contract, and military counsellors. The move was led by some big capitalist families who were ruthless about the change and who violently eradicated all opposition to the final death of it and them. The film shows this very well. The character Tom Cruise embodies here is probably fictitious but it links the wars against the Indians in the US to this war against mountain tribes and villages in Japan. The same objective 
 I really loved this movie. The way it was just presented and keeping the history and culture of Samurai. Yet it was not a true story nor based on any actual accounts or characthers. The story itself sparks an interest in Japanese and Samurai warrior history. From the code of Honor down to commiting Seppuku. Im not going to get into a brush of History on the Samurai, theres much too explain and learn about those fearsome Warriors.    It should and definetly leaves the audience in awe about such a war and time when fuedal clans and government corruption brought femine that you would want to learn and research about these class of noble warriors on the web or at your local libary. The Samurai sword Katana has a whole long history in itself.    But this movie defenitly brings out what the Samurai truly are and what they believed in and fought for, or as Mr. Grahm said it; "HONOR". To this day, I believe there is no other warriors who were or can be more dedicated or honorable than the samurai.    Being a modern Warrior myself in the u.s. Army as an infantry Ranger, I can attest to this. We have honor just like all other warriors, but I believe not as much to the extent of the warrior Samurai.
 I can't get enough of this movie. The Last Samurai is a powerful tale that stays with you. I can't get enough of this modern masterpice.  Capt. Nathan Algren(Cruise) is an Army veteran. He's become an alcholic and hates himself and frequently has flashbacks over some of the Indians he's killed. He's falling apart and things don't look great for him until he's offered a job by the ambassador of Japan Umura(Hamada).  The Emperor of Japan is modernizing the country and doing it very quickly. The Emperors former advisor Katsumota(Watanabe) doesn't like the old ways and is doing everything in his power to delay them. He is one of the greatest Samurai to ever live and is well respected and loved by his people. Umura nows Japan can't beat him so he convinces the Emperor that they must modernize so they can defeat Katsumoto.  Algren comes to Japan reluctantly. He hates Col. Bagley(Goldwyn) who is his superior officer in the operation. He's trying to train the Japanese men as fast as he can, but they don't have a enough time. Umura and Bagley order Algren to takes his men into battle against Katsumoto agains his will.  The fight between the armies is quick and very bloody. Katsumoto captures Algren after seeing the passion and fire in his eyes during battle. They take Algren back to their village for winter so Katsumoto can get to learn his enemy better.  Algren is treated fairly well by the people. They help him overcome his alcholism battle. He hates the place at first, but as he lives there and sees the discipline of the Samurai people he begins to accept and love their culture. He becomes friends with Katsumoto and gains respect from most of the village. Winter ends though and he must return to Tokyo.  Upon his return to Tokyo he sees the advance of the Japanese army. Umora has increased the spending of Japan in their arms and it's obvious he has lots of influence over the emperor. Umora is determined to kill the Samurai and Katsumoto. After a scuffle in Tokyo Algren returns with the Samurai to help prepare them in their last stand against the Japanese army.  The acting is phenomenal in this movie. Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are amazing in their roles as Algren and Katsumoto. Cruise plays the role with passion and intensity. He does a great job displaying the change that Algren takes emotionaly and physically. He really did get cheated by not getting an Oscar nomination. This guy has done a lot for the movie industry and the academy but they continue to not pay him back. Cruise almost didn't do this movie because of his commitment to Cold Mountain. They didn't give the money he wanted so he became The Last Samurai.   Ken Watanabe really shines in this picture. He isn't intimidated by Cruise at all and is equal if not better to him. He becomes Katsumoto and is amazing. He's funny, brave, charming, and smart all at the same time. He deserved the Oscar nomination he received and probaly should have won it. I'm excited about seeing Ken in the new Batman movie. This guy is great.  Edward Zwick really does a great job with this movie. The Last Samurai is produced by Cruises production company and they were the only man they wanted to direct this. Zwick has plenty of experience in this area of movies with Glory on his resume. He shots this movie well and it's all done in tastes. The fight scenes are shot especially well. The camera angles are great and we really get a good idea of how the Samurai fought. The violence isn't over done and you see the art that is sword play. Zwick has made a masterpiece.  A lot of people have bashed the ending of the movie. They think it's sappy and to happy. It's anything but that. If you pay attention to the movie and realize that Algren didn't fail his mission he has no shame. Algren loved Katsumoto and so did the Emperor so thats why we have that scene at the ending of the well. I found it to be a powerful ending to a dynamic film.  This is a great movie. It's so well made and attention is paid in it to the tiniest details. This movie will stay with you for days and all the good dramas do. If you like dramas or war films than you must see this film. If you love Tom Cruise you have to pick this one up. You won't regret buying this one.
  The Last Samurai  is one of the greatest historical epics of our generation. The battle scenes are created with great action and detail, as are the solo sword fights. And while the action is breathtaking, they only help to tell an amazing yet somber story of honor, sacrifice and change. Tom Cruise gives what is possibly the performance of his career, and Ken Watanabe gives an Oscar-worthy performance as Katsumoto (He was robbed at the Oscars). While I haven't yet had time to view the special features, none are really needed, for this film could stand on its own! Any fan of true film will want this epic in their collection! Movie/DVD Grade
  The Last Samurai  was certainly one of the best movies of 2003.  The main story is a reverent account of the character of the Japanese people and the Samurai in particular, but there's much more to it than simply that.  The film has many subplots and resolves them all neatly without ever seeming contrived.  Everything from Algren's (Tom Cruise) search for peace to his understated yet elegant love story with Taka (Koyuki) is handled as well as it conceivably could be.  Writer John Logan avoids the overwrought melodrama that burdens most war movies; everything is as quietly graceful as the Samurai way of living depicted within the film. The acting is, on every front, excellent.  Tom Cruise gives an uncharacteristically melancholy performance as Captain Nathan Algren, while Ken Watanabe perfectly encapsulates the quiet honor of Samurai leader Katsumoto.  The actors cast in the supporting roles are equally suited to the film, each giving realistic and powerful performances by turns. Director Edward Zwick infuses the entire film with the necessary serene feel.  He uses well-placed camera angles to complement and enhance the already magnificent sets, and even cliched choices (such as Algren's choppy, blurred memories) are handled competently.  The only area that Zwick falls a little short in is in his directing of the action.  Despite the R rating of the film, he displays a timidity in his direction which, at times, makes it blatantly obvious that these are stunts.  Even still, this movie is not an action film, and it's appropriate that Zwick kept it from becoming a visceral bloodbath.  This isn't too say that there aren't graphic depictions of violence, but Zwick generally avoids the blatant displays which fill movies like  Kill Bill , preferring to quickly cut away from gory moments. If  The Last Samurai  has a real problem, it's that the story is about somewhat immaterial concepts
 The Last Samurai is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. Anything under five stars in an absurd rating. I simply couldn't understand how this movie didn't even get a nomination for an Oscar while Lord of the Rings got every award on the planet. The only one any of those movies deserves is Best Special Effects. Nevertheless, The Last Samurai has all the elements of a true classic. Hyped-out to be a story about the last rebellion of the Samurai in 1877, I believe the movie's more profound than that. It's really about the struggle of Captain Nathan Algren (played amazingly by Tom Cruise) and his quest to find peace, after turning to the bottle to combat his tremendous guilt for slaughtering Native Americans in the cavalry raids. The story was passionate, exciting, beautifully written, directed, and acted, and I don't understand how it wasn't anything more than a smash-success.
 A drunken Civil War hero, Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) was assigned to train Japanese soldiers in 1876. "The Last Samurai is a film about honor. Algren went from being a drunken fool to a hero on the battlefield. Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) took Algren captive and began to teach him the code. The movie is excellent.
 The Last Samurai was one of those exceptionally rare films that I am sure I'll always remember.  The character of Katsumoto was magnificent, and Tom Cruise did a superb job portraying the captive who learned to find meaning in his life from a people very different.  I too became a captive of the discipline, honor, and other virtues depicted in the Samurai culture.  It was a completely absorbing movie...I hated for it to end.  Speaking of the end, I couldn't imagine how it could end well, and thought it a shame to watch 2 1/2 hours just to see the bad guys win.  But it actually had a fantastic ending--very satisfying.  I don't want to spoil it for those reading reviews who haven't seen the movie yet!  If you like action movies, you absolutely cannot go wrong with this one...I'd give it 10 stars!
 I keep getting drawn back to this. I believe that this is Tom Cruise best movie. His acting was very good, but I think the story, and more importantly the exposure to Martial Arts values is what makes this film. Having studied many years under a true Korean Master, the "DO way of life is the most important thing I have learned. This movie gives a glimpse of that.
 I love this movie.  There are few movies I can watch over and over.  This would be one.  I am a fan of Tom Cruise but not a fanatic fan.  He is a very nice looking man and can act fairly well. But I don't see any Oscars in his future.  That being said, I have enjoyed many of his films and look forward to many more.  I think he did a wonderful performance in this picture, however, even if he weren't in the picture, it could have stood on its own.  Ken Watanabe is a superb actor, not to mention a very sexy man who played Katsumoto.  Other actors of note include
 Set in Japan during the 1870s, Tom Cruise plays Capt. Nathan Algren, an American military leader hired to train Japan's army in modern warfare. He is a drunk mercenary tortured by his inner demons. In his first encounter against the Samurai, Algren is captured by Katsumoto, played brilliantly by Ken Watanabe. He quickly is impressed by the Samurai's skills in battle and unexpectedly drawn to their way of life while in captivity. Ultimately, he finds himself at Katsumoto's side, driven by his sense of honor.  This is a great film and probably Tom Cruise's best. It is beautifully written and acted. It is also loaded with brilliant cinematography and amazing battle choreography. An epic and worth mentioning with such great films like Gladiator and Braveheart! A must own for any collector.  NOW FOR MY BLU RAY THOUGHTS
 This is an excellent movie, and the blu-ray edition does it justice. The picture quality is amazing, bright colors, infifnite detail, consistent three dimensionality. This is a must own for blu-ray fans.
 Is this what we were all waiting for??  YES!!!  Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV is all about.  HD-DVD really got me. I was once a Blu-ray supporter, but now I've got to admit. HD-DVD is simply doing what it was suposed to do
 Well worth the purchase if you're a fan of the movie.  The second dvd has loads of nice extras, too.  If you have a large screen tv, defintely get the widescreen version.
 I love this movie!!! I saw it in theaters and loved every second of it. It is the reason that I love Japan and Samurai. What I like most about it isn't just the cinematics but the moral behind it. Honor...
 Set in 1870's Japan, `The Last Samurai' is the story Japan's struggle to come to terms with the modern world whilst at the same time embracing its traditional past.  Tom Cruise gives a surprisingly good performance as the tormented Nathan Algren, a former captain of the US army who is having trouble with his conscience, unusual in a white man in the 19th century but he is haunted by his past, a past which saw him play a role in the slaughter of innocent Native American men, women and children in his own country.  Algren eventually agrees to go to Japan to help train its soldiers in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the Samurai forces that are still clinging to the old ways.  Algren takes on this task for money and no other reason, he does not care about anything or anyone, death is no longer something he fears and it is partly this lack of fear that saves his life when he is captured by the `enemy,' who take him to their camp and inadvertently bring him spiritually closer to the way of the Samurai.  Algren slowly falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honour and he eventually switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the Samurai against the people he was brought over to train.  He forges a tenuous relationship with Taka, the widow of the man he killed in battle, and becomes a father figure to her two young sons and wins the grudging respect of the Samurai sword trainer who tries to break his spirit and his bones.  The film does to a certain extent become a study in redemption as Algren strives to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the guilt of his dishonourable past actions.  Eventually though Algren comes to realise he cannot erase the past, he can either live with it or let it crush him.  He chooses to live but only as a Samurai, and that could mean his death at any given moment.  The whole film was a vibrant, violent, passionate look into a past that Japan has never been able to reclaim since the days of the Samurai.  With the western world on the doorstep trying to force their way in, Japan had to let go of some of her ancient traditions to survive and in doing so lost a big part of herself.  The Last Samurai has been accused of being too much on the side of the Samurai, but I think it manages to find a kind of balance, with both good and bad on both sides, and the over all film certainly deserves the five stars I am giving it.  Cruise does well not to fluff the Japanese language too much in the movie, I liked that they used subtitles, it gave the movie considerable authenticity, and the fight scenes as gory as they were, were breathtaking to watch, along with a fabulous musical score and scenery that I can't even do justice to in this critique.  A movie I will be watching again I think, because you cannot honestly take everything in, in just one viewing.  By far one of the best movies to come out of 2003 in my opinion.
 In a word, WOW! This has got to be one of the best films I have ever seen in this genre. The story is post-Civil War where a lot of the war heroes were unemployed and out of place. Tom Cruise, one of those war heroes who becomes disenchanted with the war and flees to a bottle, is contacted by war buddies and signs on to train an army for Japan to wipe out the samurai. Although he feels his new command is unable to fight, his superiors put the troops to the combat test. As they fail, Cruise is captured and taken captive by the samurai. Without giving the entire plot away, the scenery, locations, and acting were top notch. It is the old ways vs. the new ways and it seems for awhile that the new ways are better. Watch this movie today, buy it tomorrow.
 This is a great movie, their is nothing more to say. Why has Tom not won an Academy Award yet? You would figure after Jerry Maguire, A Few Good Men, The Firm, Days of Thunder,Vanilla Sky, well you get the picture.
 Let me start by saying that I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan.  That said, this movie is a great movie.  While Cruise is the main character and the story is sort of told through him, there is more emphasis on the character Katsumoto, and Japan as the setting, and the story line.  When we see a Tom Cruise film, he is usually the center of the film and always a larger than life character.  It's hard to feel for him or relate to him.  Here he is portrayed more human, there is more feeling and he is not quite as self-centered in his performance, not as cocky.  The cinematography is beautiful and the story is captivating.  You feel for the samurai and are frustrated with the emperor, and you are actually happy with the way it all ends, in a bittersweet way.  I loved it!  Great movie!
 What we should appreciate before we get too deep into the odd story of Captain Algren is that he/it is strikingly similar to John Blackthorne, the English pilot of a Dutch ship that ends up in Japan in Clavell's near genius-like rendition of  Shogun.  Without discrediting Tom Cruise who acted brillinatly I thought, the story does live up to general aspects of the  Shogun  tale but falls short in  a few other areas. The love affair with Cruise and Taka is sweet but with Blackthorne and Mariko it was detailed, passionate, forbidden and conspiratorial. Likewise, the transition that Cruise makes into Japanese society is in fact, believable however it seems to happen swiftly. Too swiftly to remain completely credible. The script and Cruise's voiceover explains his love of the discipline and simplicity, which interestingly enough is what seduces Blackthorne. Well. Really seduces Blackthorne. But then again, it is Nathan that/who becomes a true warrior, and I must again give kudos to Cruise who appears believable in the great physicality of the Bushido spirit and the battle scenes. All in all a nice ride, sufficient enough to take it out of the 'manly men doing manly things' genre and allow you to think. Ken Wanatabe as Katsumoto is excellent and should have won him a best supporting. Taka is wonderful; the children are animated and innocent. The use of Cruise speaking Japanese was an excellent touch and again, seemed to add credibility. I should also mention that there are similar 'blood lines' in the Indian Rights oriented  A Man Called Horse,  less interesting, less fulfilling, but possibly equally provacative.  Good job to all. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
 American guy coes to Japan to ttain Japense soilders to fight th rebilain, but he goes to the rebliain villaige and finds out there peaceful way of living. Later, of course, he becomes a samurai. This is cool film. Really liked pretty Japanse actress, the big fight, and the fact that it is Japan( Every thing good comes from Japan). This is a cool film. You'll like it.
 Comparing Samurai to Nazi's is just plain stupid!  Should we compare the US army in the 1870's to Nazi's?  Is this movie history? I think so.  Not because of the events as depicted in the movie, but for an attempt to capture a people's values at some point of time. It was closer to bringing that viewpoint to life than even Kurosawa's epics which were influenced heavily by Shakesphere and other western themes. We forget that the stories of King Arthur are very large fabrications of the West's transition point to from the time of the ancients to middle ages, that the knights virtues in writing were pure but in reality they were brutal instead of kind.  That is the point of movies, to inspire and build up our view of humanity while being careful not to extoll to heavilly the  villains. Tom Cruise's redemption after massacring Indians is one point of the film. How he finds peace and honor is another. How a society of traditional values finds itself eclipsed by the modern values of greed are clearly evident themes in both modern Japan and the US (whether it is true or not is not the point).  Can something in the Samurai spirit of the film be used to inspire us? Or must we only see this in films about hobbits and dwarfs (partially inspired by the horrors that Tolkein saw in WWI?  Technically the sword tactics were very well done and remain one of the few films that captures kenjutsu correctly. Cruise worked his tail off to make it credible and despite the time it would really would take to do so, it was still done well.  The filming in Japan was fantastic. The Meiji period where foreigners saw Japan as another China full of savages to be conquered is captured quite well. The Emperor who found himself in a position he was not prepared to handle with advisorsthat took advantage of him is also quite well captured. The leader of the Samurai was also well liked by the common people (then named a street after him shortly after he died) may not be the exact historical replica of the man but most of the Samurai following were "pissed at loosing their swords and topknots which represented critical parts of their heritage, not about attacking Korea. So the question is...do we want a documentary or a movie to inspire us?
 Amazing story, great cinematography.  For how ling this movie is, it's over way too fast.  Amazon streaming does a fantastic job, never had a buffering issue.
 Remember that boring long mini series back in 1982 called Shogun?! Well... this movie is like that but better and shorter version; less than three hours! It's only 154 minutes long to be exact! Anyway, Tom Cruise delivers his finest performance as an ex-civil war hero who is hired to go to Japan and train the modern army against the samurais. However, during the first losing battle, he was captured and held as a prisoner at the camp filled with trained samurais. Then he falls in love with a wife of the slained warrior he killed during the first war in Japan. While he is living in the village as a "slave"; he learns the culture of the samurai people. Then he learns how to fight like them as well. After he is released and returned back to the then modern day Tokyo, he isn't welcomed among friends because he wears the samurai clothes instead of civilian clothes of the 1860's. Then Samurai General is kidnapped and thrown in the dungeon. Tom rescues him from prison  and escapes back to the village. They prepares for the war the following week. The final battle scene is amazing how sword bound samurais fighting rifle shooting Japanese army. And I will not tell you about the ending because you must buy this DVD! It's superb!
 Could almost be a documentary I am half Japanese and this is a very good movie People should get this movie to learn a little bit about the feudal days of Japan
 Brand new, perfect condition, good price, fast delivery.  This movie is a great story and reminds me that Tom Cruise can be way more the a Top Gun or Mission Impossible kind of guy.
 Loved this movie! Very insightful and very well written. Watching the samurai and learning about their values  and the culture was really inspiring. I will definitely watch it again!
 I really am so glad that I ordered this DVD.  Fast shipping got it to me quickly.  I really have enjoyed the story and the beauty of the movie.  I hope that others will see and enjoy this DVD as much as I have.
 Many of the reviewers liken this movie to "Dances With Wolves but though there are some similiarites, the main difference is in the main character played by Tom Cruise. I'm not always an avid fan of him and that has nothing to do with his Scientology views but this ranks as one of his best performances as a damaged Civil War vet who regains a sense of self when he encounters the Japanese culture--in particular, bushido.  Ken Watanabe is also excellent in his first starring English role and I think he was nominated for an Oscar if I'm not mistaken.  Being Asian I was entranced by Zwick's sensitive direction and also by the stunning photography.  If you can get this in Hi-Def (HD-DVD or Blu-ray), I would recommend it particularly since the HD DVD price is below $10!!
 This is an amazing movie especially after watching the special features afterward. The collection of Japanese actors and their intense desire to be a part of this film... Visually beautiful with an insite to the Japanese culture. Very entertaining on several levels.
 'The Last Samurai' is a one of those films that has it's flaws but you can't help but enjoy anyway. This film follows Cruise's character as he is captured by a Samurai clan and then learns the lifestyle and ways of a Samurai whilst living in their village. Throughout the story it immerses you in aspects of the history of Japan, and although slightly stylised, gives a good feeling of life and culture in those times. It has beautiful film locations, beautiful music, a good story line and a good cast. I feel this to be one of Cruise's better films and his performance is very credible. This film may be slightly long, but it holds your interest right to the end and is a great nights viewing. Well worth considering.  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 This movie  was Phenomenal  the storyline surpassed my expectations.  The last Samurai is a great story The acting is great I believe this is one of if not the best Tom cruise film... If you enjoy stories about the Samurai or martial arts this movie is definitely for you...I originally thought how in the world could A movie Titled The Last Samurai Star Tom cruise,He's not Japanese?  but But i was blown away by how great this movie was and had to get it on Blu-ray disk
 The beauty and emotion of this portrayal of two very different worlds coming together was well done. I'm brought to tears every time I watch it. The soundtrack is consuming and hypnotic.
 Excellent movie!! I loved it!! Samurai are cool!! This movie is a glimpse into the history of the Samurai Warrior, and his way of life. I recommend it to anyone interested in this subject.
 Many critics and filmgoers panned Tom Cruise's performance and his lack of believability of being a samurai.  However, his performance is spot on in my opinion.  You can sense his seriousness and issues with the American army's and his own actions of the war.  You can sense his appreciation of Eastern culture and his experience as a Civil War veteran through his eyes, his body language, and the delivery of his lines.  While I thought seeing Cruise dressed as a samurai would be unbelievable, his performance transforms his character so well that by the end of the movie when he dons the samurai outfit, I was completely convinced.  Other performances are great as well, including Timothy Spall (the photographer) and especially Ken Watanabe.  The story is extremely well written and the action scenes are well done, with no extra choreography or special effects that make the action seem less authentic.  Finally, the score by Hans Zimmer.  It's easily my favorite thing about the film, and it's quite possibly the best soundtrack and score composed without being grandiose.  Zimmer uses many simplistic pieces that have two-note melodies but they're so poignant and fitting, that you can't not be moved by many scenes.  While some scenes are overly dramatic (like most of Edward Zwick's films), The Last Samurai is one of my all-time favorite films and deserves to be seen as equally as legendary and epic as similar films such as Braveheart and Gladiator.
 I WANT TO THANK THE SELLER FOR SENDING A GOOD PRODUCT WITH NO DAMAGE EVEN THOUGH IT WAS USED.  IT'S NICE TO BE ABLE TO ORDER WITH CONFIDENCE.  I WILL USE THIS SELLER AGAIN. THANK YOU AMAZON FOR BEING PICKY ABOUT THE SELLERS THAT YOU ALLOW TO SELL ON YOUR SITE.
 This is a good movie to watch if ur interested in samurais,which was pretty cool. When i bought this it was on sale for 9.99 and i just had to get it because i was skeptic about gettting it before because it was 20-30 bucks before and it wouldnt be worth it, because i could get some better with that money. But for the price i got it for it was a sweet deal and very good movie for those who havent seen it. It is a classic
 My husband watched this movie on tv and wanted to purchase it for his collection.  Well worth the money.
 One of Tom Cruise's best, I wish he made more films like this! Looks great on Blu-ray my Dad loves it! Thanks Amazon.
 This edition is very good. The movie is excellent and look authentic. The extra credits are also a must see and are interesting and informative.
 What a great movie the lands japan it's so beautiful in HD Blue Ray great disc.
 Anyways, this product is amazing and the quality is superb, sorry I erased by mistake the rating but the reality is that from the transaction to the delivery was correct.!!!
 Perfect.  Hans Zimmer is a true genius and he has composed here the best score of his career so far. The music transcend the movie and the landscapes are just to-die-for. I own both DVD and Bluray of this film to be able to play it whenever and wherever I want.  True, it's not so historical but never claimed to be. Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride offered by a perfect cast.  Nothing to waste here, and that's quite rare so I better mention it!
 The best movie I have seen so far this year, it is absolutely wonderful. I recommend it to anyone and everyone, a must if you like good movies.
 We are huge fans of Japanese historical films and samurai epics ("Seven Samurai being the Valhalla of the genre)so we lined up early to see "Last Samurai.  I had seen the reviews with mixed feelings, fearful that Cruise's "Top Gun arrogance would crash through the culture like a Hummer. As it turned out, the Japanese cast led by Ken Watanbe keeps Cruise under control.  It was a little troubling to see Cruise's character completely master Katana technique and Iai waza in a single season, but I guess he had to to keep the plot moving.  Also, Cruise is a bit like Milton Berle - he has to be the last man off of every scene.  But Watanabe steals the movie and the supporting cast is terrific.  For once, Cruise doesn't seduce the woman who is forced to keep him in her house, and she complains that he smells bad.  In the end, the movie is a spectacular paen to Bushido culture. (I haven't yet asked an old friend of mine who survived Bataan what he thought of this movie).  The movie tackles a tricky and contradictory period of Japanese history, the great inner conflict between modernists (who won) and the feudalists, who probably were not all noble.  But heck, its the action scenes which are worth enduring Tom Cruise, and I sure liked watching him get pummeled by Watanabe's No. 2.   If Japan rejected the West as the movie ultimately indicates, it sure didn't last long.  In this respect, it has a strong similarilty to "Dances With Wolves", not only for its worshipful depiction of a dying culture, but favoring the twilight over the end.
 Tom Cruise gives a stellar performance! The historical and cultural backgrounds were perfect. The traditional Samurai sense of honor and respect prevails even through the darkest period in their history. Ken Watanabe did an outstanding job portraying Katsumoto, the strong and honorable leader of the last army of samurai. Holding out and fighting against all odds for what he believes in, honor. The only complaint i have with this movie is that it had to end. The battle scenes were nothing short of miraculous. Finally a movie that gives the samurai all of the credit they deserve! 5 STARS!
 This movie is the awesomest movie ever. I cannot wait to buy my own copy! The only real weak point in the movie was the ending, but that was made up for with the awesome battle sequences and storyline! If you liked this movie i also suggest reading Shogun, on which the movie was based.
 I do not have any interest in these kind of movies but a friend of mine wanted to see it so I went along not looking to enjoy the movie at all. Boy was I surprised at how good this movie was. It makes you feel for the Samurai and it is just a moving story all together. I don't recall seeing Ken Watanabe(Samurai's leader) in any other movie but believe me he steals the show in this one. I would compare it to Robert Duvall playing Gus in Lonesome Dove, Ken is Katsumoto. Great job by Tom Cruise, his best movie in awhile. Trust me on this one you will be pleasantly surprised at how good of a movie this is. I will own it on DVD the day it comes out.
 I wasn't too sure about the movie at first but now i'm really glad that i went to see it.  It shows an insight on what how the samurais lived, their beliefs and their values.  The main storyline, shown through focusing on the uprising of the samurai against rapid modernization, is the journey that is taken by tom cruise's character.  He goes from the disillusioned American soldier who has lost all meaning of what he was fighting for after killing innocent Native Americans to finding peace with himself and discovering something worth giving his life for. The acting was superb, the storyline was riveting, the landscape was beautiful, the music was captivating, and the battle scenes...bloody? (i didn't see much...i was hiding behind my soda).  on a shallower note, fans of legolas...in this movie, you will find a japanese legolas! kyaa! kyudo! ^_~
 "The Last Samurai is an excellent film, respectful of its source material even while telling a fictional story.  The "foreigner joins a warrior culture, taking on their strange dress and winning their respect story is well-represented on film and in history, from Bonnie Prince Charlie to "Lawrence of Arabia and "Dances with Wolves, as well as the Japanese-themed "Shogun, which is based on the life of Miura Anjin/William Adams.  Here, Tom Cruise is the stranger in a strange land, and the Samurai of Japan are the warrior culture.  Being no stranger to Samurai films of Japanese history, I was pleased by all aspects of "The Last Samurai.  Both the modernizing Meji government and the past-looking Samurai of the period are well represented, although the Samurai come out looking much better.  The warrior code of Bushido is not explained, and the lifestyle is completely romanticized, yet this is a movie and not a history text.  Emperor Meji is well-played, which surprised me.  He is neither hero nor villain.  And there are ninjas, which improves every film. In the vein of the big Hollywood epics, "The Last Samurai serves up healthy doses of sweeping score, beautiful vistas and Japan-landscape eye candy.  The country has rarely looked so beautiful, although I bet some technicians spent plenty of time computer-erasing the omni-present power lines.  The samurai armor,while not historically accurate, looks beautiful on film.  There are more than a few scenes that leap beautifully from a Kurosawa flick.  A great looking cast helps as well. To this day, Japan has difficulty rationalizing tradition and modernization, as can be seen in books such as "Dogs and Demons.  "The Last Samurai has some good lessons for modern Japan, and some good entertainment for us all.
 I'm not generally emotional in movies.  I can only remember ever crying for two - and this was certainly one of them.  In the last scenes, I was bawling.  This is not to say that the ending is sad, however, and I hope I won't give it away by saying it gave me a sort of peace. I must recommend this movie.  It's the best that I've seen this year.  One of my friends who hates when Americans usurp a role that should have been played by a person indigenous to the country the movie was set in refused to see it.  However, Tom Cruise does not and cannot steal the spotlight in this movie.  The spotlight is aptly directed at the true last samurai and the actors that play them (and do so excellently).  The Japanese locales that the movie is shot in are absolutely breathtaking - they reminded me of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon's snapshots of China.  Also, for all you ladies out there who think this is a guy movie
 I don't like Tom Cruise but this movie is great. The story is  great
 Truly an excellent movie. Exemplification of the word "honor". Well worth watching. You'll walk away from it with a greater vision of life.  By the way, I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise but I'll wholeheartedly say he played his role magnificently.
 I'm not a big Tom Cruise fan, but I can't think of anyone else who could have done as well in this movie.  The additional segments about the making of the movie, Japanese culture, and the Samurai were also very good.
 This movie is in my must see collection. I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise, but he plays his part well in this. Truly a must see - especially on a big screen.
 Okay, so I might like Tom Cruise more than your average person, but no one can say this movie was poorly done or that the acting was bad.  EXCELLENT movie!!
 Just a really well done movie. This has it all
 I love historical dramas, and this was a really wondrous story. Anyone who loves history will love this film. Tom Cruise was at his height in acting. All the Japanese actors were great. I'm ordering Shogun for the Japanese history.
 Though I'm not a huge fan of Cruise's, his acting's been getting better with age. The Last Samurai is a solid film that shows us cultural clashes between American ideals and Japanese philosophies in a truly enjoyable way. Definitely worth watching!
 This is a movie that is based in ancient japan and shows you the real way of the samurai. It was a time when old japan was being destroyed and the new japan was being born. It gives you a better understanding about that time period in japan. It really was a big part of history for japan. It just a great film.
 Well, I remember the first time I came across this film when my school decided to take the senior boys to the movie, I being one of them those days. 'Last Samurai'. I was absolutely tantalized by the direction, by the beautifull scenario of Japan in the 19th Century, the war, etc. This film unlike many other battle and war oriented films is very very different and its not just the war or the battle sequences that overwhelmes your mind completely., I emphasize that! its also the emotional bond between each charecter. Ken Wantanbe and Tom Cruise were excellent and yes 'Taka' the sweet and beautifull sister of Wantanbe, how could I ever forget her. I am glad I got the movie finally on a DVD. The dvd is the typical loaded dvd with lots of extra features and the documentries were very interesting indeed. Thank you Amazon.com once again. Would purchase from here again!
 This was a very important part of history that everyone should want to know, also important to see how the western civilization affected nations across the globe.
 I am not necessarily a Tom Cruise fan but I thought he did an outstanding job in this role.  I loved this movie.  It was well cast and written.
 I think that this is a great movie for my collection. I am not only a costumer here but also a Seller, and let me tell you this movie is a keeper no doubt. Great visuals and great story!
 The video/audio transfer has excellent quality like what I experienced from other WB blu-ray discs in addition to being an enjoyable movie.
 Although not a box-office hit and factually inaccurate, I love this movie and would definitely put it in my top 10 favorites of all time.  My wife just bought me a PS3 and I had to pick up a blu-ray disk to see the difference for myself.  With SO MANY terrible, terrible movies available on blu-ray (Flyboys, Stealth, and Reign of Fire - the movie i consider to be one of the worst of all time - just to name a few), I decided to pick this up even though I already owned it on DVD.  I had seen the movie in HD on DirecTV before, so there were no surprises regarding quality, but I was still really impressed when switching between this and the 480p picture produced by my DVD player.  The colors are much more vibrant, the clarity is remarkable and it serves to submerse you in a movie that was already great as it was.  As a huge fan of the movie as well as of HD picture quality, I was happy to pick this up at Best Buy for $25, but I probably wouldn't recommend getting this if you have it on DVD already unless you're a big fan.  Now, if they could just get the Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-Ray...
 I just read one review that said the HD-DVD looks just like the DVD. I don't know what kind of equipment this guy is using, but on my 57 Sony HDTV, the difference is remarkable. This was admittedly my first HD-DVD purchase (and if I'm not mistaken, one of the first movies to be released on HD-DVD), but I am very picky about audio and video quality. The opening scenes had me speechless when I saw how clear and vivid everything looked. I subscribe to Dish Network along with their HD package, and this movie even makes those beautiful HD channels seem like something is missing. (The reason being that satellite channels contain more compression artifacts than HD-DVD.)  If you're a fan of the movie and have an HD-DVD player, don't hesitate. It's incredible.
 As a teacher of the martial arts and more specifically Bushido. I try to instill a sense of morality in my students. Think what you will about tom Cruise (Love him or hate him) but his character is a good balance to the movie and helps mainstream an otherwise "foreign film even people I know that will not typically watch a martial arts film enjoy this one. Ken  Watanabe is the best as Katsumoto. They couldn't have picked anyone else. The sense of honor is timeless. The blood is minimal for a movie of this genre.
 Wow. This movie deserves so many awards I can't even think of enough.  This movie was the first movie to make me cry watching it.  This movie had to be the most inspirational movie I have ever seen. If you haven't seen it yet, you have to see it.  Gladiator almost got me into tears at the end, but this movie finally did it.  If you liked Gladiator, you will love this movie, especially if you are interested in Oriental culture.
 When it first came out, i had no interest as i felt after learning of the story, that while tom cruise is a good action film actor, he didnt possess the depth of skill to pull off a film of this nature.  After catching pieces of it on cable, i decided to make an effort and watch it from beginning to end, and did so a second time.  I then bought it and watched it  again.  I became immersed in it more deeply each time, realizing that there is a great deal of subtlety and depth not obtainable from an initial viewing.  From the strength of the superb supporting characters, to the gradual changing of cruise's character, and the details of the time re-created so credibly by the filmmakers, this was an excellent film of substance, not traditionally done by hollywood.  While i have seen Dances with wolves, as others have complained about the lack of originality of the storyline, i feel that not to be completely accurate.  I also feel cruise's portrayal was more convincing than Costner's, and that this film is of equal power and effectiveness.  There are, like all films, weaknesses, such as the lack of exploration of the samurai's rejection of modernity, (a deleted scene on disc 2 touches upon this), and the dialogue can be a bit lacking, such as the exchange between katsumoto and the emperor as to how the situation should be handled, these are minor in the grand epic that is the last samurai.  Watch it with an open mind, and scrutinize the background/secondary characters, all of whom - especially ujio - were excellent.  And imho, it was a better picture than Return of the king, but than again, hollywood picked Titanic over LA Confidential for best picture, so who said hollywood is a place for the intelligent?
 What a great movie.  Acting is excellent, movie is suspensful and exciting, action is extrodinary.  I have to say i was so embarrased to see Tom Cruise in that ridiculous outfit on the preview.  When i saw it my mind completely changed though.  I honestly can't think of anything that would make the movie better.  The fights were brilliant, nothing looked even the slightest bit fake.  The story was excellent and exciting tell the end.  I really was not expecting much out of this other than some good fights but after seeing it i had to buy it the day it came out.  I loved everything about this movie and there is nothing i can critisize on.  Excellent movie, a must see.
 This movie has it all. Drama, action, amazing battle scenes - the best I've ever seen.  It's definitely a must see.
 I always was interested in the idea and ideals of the Samurai, but no one movie can envelope as much as this one. Others, like Ghost Dog
 "The Last Samurai was a story about a man who changes the way that he feels about a certain type of people in Japan. It stars Tom Cruise, but to me he was not the star of the film. I feel that the movie had most of its power from the supporting actor Ken Watanabe. The way that he acted throughout the movie could give him the Oscar in the Best Supporting Actor Catagory. The entire movie could win many different awards, and I'm glad that Tom Cruise was not nominated, because I have seen him in much better roles, like "Minority Report, or "Vanilla Sky. His great scene comes towards the end, where he gives emotion and power at once. Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War hero who loves to drink. He's recently come from battling American Indians in the west, and often had bad memories of what took place during those battles. But Algren gets a job when Japanese businessman Omura wants him to train the new army, with somebody that he knows Bagley. Bagley wants Algren because of the way that he battled the Indians. Algren agrees when he is able to bring his fellow Army fighter Sergeant Zebulon Gant. When they make it to Japan, they are met by the translator Simon Graham, and they begin to train the troops for battle. But Omura wants them to fight the samurai and their leader Katsumoto right away, and overrules Algren causing him to take his inexperienced troops to battle the Katsumoto. Algren is almost killed during the battle, but taken back to Katsumoto's village, which is ruled by his son. Algren is trapped, and there is no way for him to be able to return back to Japan. While with Katsumoto, he learns all about the way of the samurai and he finds out that there is nothing wrong with the people that Omura wants to kill. But it also becomes clear that Bagley is getting ready to fight. Algren befriends Katsumoto, and the two learn that they have much more in common then they oringally thought, and it becomes clear to Algren what he must do. "The Last Samurai was a beautiful film. It had a beautiful sceney, beautiful action, some beautiful acting, and beautiful direction. I really did love it, and I am including it on the best of 2004, only beause I saw it at the very beginning of this year. This is one of those movies that you have to see in the theatre, otherwise it is not going to be an good. It is a big screen movie, and I have a feeling that I would have been disappointed if I saw it on video first. Try and see it now, before it totally disappears. ENJOY! Rated R for strong violence and battle sequences.
 The way of Samurai is the way of Death. I think Tom Cruise really understood that and he can die happy now. See the film and think about your death - will it be so beautiful and meaningful as the death of Katzumoto? The film
 This is movie is so great. I am really dissappointed that Tom Cruise wasn't nominated for an Oscar for his wonderful acting. He does such a good job to make us feel for his character and care about what happens to him and the samurai. The action is wonderful and there is no unnecessary romantic scenes like it seems many movies do these days. It is such a wonderful movie for the whole family and it's dissappointing to see that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. Watch this movie, and if you've already seen it, watch it again!!!
 What a rush! This is one of the best movies I have seen in a very very long time. I will not bother giving a synopses for the movie, but I will tell you what I loved. The movie has a great theme, that of a man seeking to atone for his sins. In the end, he finds the means to forgive himself through the help of another man, Kasamoto and his culture. Granted, there are several historial inaccurate items, but that does not stop this from being a great and enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise name might get first billing for this movie, but Ken Watanabe steals the show as the honourable Kasamoto. He has rightly been honoured with a Academy Awards nomination. If anything, watch the movie for him!
 "The Last Samurai is BY-FAR - without a doubt - THE BEST MOVIE EVER in the history of movie-making! Returns us to the classics! They don't make them like this anymore! A MUST-SEE! AND a MUST-sweep for the Oscars, the Golden Globes, the Screen Actors Guild, and the remainder of the awards season! Tom Cruise (Captain Nathan Algren) gives the best performance of his career! And Ken Watanabe (Lord Katsumoto) and Koyuki (Taka) give OUTSTANDING supporting performaces! TWO THUMBS WAY UP!!! My favorite movie of ALL TIME!
 If you don't already know the whole story of this great film, let me tell you what you need to know about it. It is story about regaining self respect. Everyone deals with demons in their past, if you would like to see a film that is exceptionally well acted, and beautifully filmed set in 19th century Japan, that deals with overcoming past mistakes this is  a film you will love. If you do, you will really love the book <a href="http
 It is rare that movies with historical perspectives can capture all three sides of a conflict so accurately.  As anyone who's studied Japanese history can tell you, the conflict herein was almost perfectly portrayed on all levels; within the government, within the characters, and within the nation (Japan) as a whole.  Set in the 1890's when Japan's emperor Meiji was trying desperately to "modernize (read "westernize") Japan, we get to see an American's perspective on the wars that are ravaging the old nation of Japan.  While many Japanese people were trying so hard to be fashionable and up to date, there were a great many who felt that the country was being robbed of it's heritage and the ideals that were so strongly ingrained in the people as a whole were being tossed to the side all in the name of "catching up with the rest of the world.  It's tragic to watch as the young emperor is manipulated by his advisors into betraying the one man whom he should have listened to all along; his former teacher and mentor Katsumoto.  During all of this, however, Tom Cruise is thrown into the mix as Nathan Algren, a retired Civil War hero who won acclaim for himself for massacreing the plains indians in the Nazi-esque style of the time ("I was just following orders at the time, sir").  Upon his arrival in Japan, his desperation for the sweet abyss of death is just out of reach time and again, but it is his capture by the "enemy where he finds his redemption.  Some people who have reviewed this film refuse to see the Samurai as anything but bloodthirsty and savage (much like too many people saw the Native Americans), which couldn't be farther from the truth.  A peaceful people by nature, but stoic and steadfast in their beliefs of honor and discipline (two words that are unfortunately lost on most Americans these days), the Samurai sought only to keep their country pure from foreign influence (a noble cause, if a bit misplaced and/or closed-minded) out of fear that their own way of life would go the way of the Indian (which it did anyway), and herein lies the true power of this film.  From the beginning of the film, anyone with any knowledge of Japanese history (or even of modern Japan) knows that the Samurai are ultimately doomed to die.  I knew this going in, but found that this movie kindled a hope in me that they could ultimately win and save their country from itself as the samurai way saved Algren (Tom Cruise) from himself.  While Algren succeeds, he and his cause ultimately fail and the emperor realizes this only too late as too much has already been set in motion due to the machinations of his scheming advisors who are only in it to line their own pockets (which is totally historically accurate; the merchant class saw in "westernization a way to finally grow in social stature and the Samurai were standing in their way, so they used their newfound wealth and influence to eradicate the Samurai).  Doomed from the beginning, this film is more about one man's triumph over his own demons than it is about a country falling apart.  Set against the backdrop of the Meiji "restoration"-era civil wars, there's no way this film doesn't succeed (except, perhaps, for the romantic interest which was unecessary but not to the point that it detracted anything from the film).  We root for the hero to overcome his own personal obstacles while watching him fight a losing battle against a place and time that ultimately implodes upon itself.  And while he comes out on top, and stronger for it, he is now  alone in his new world because those who got him to it have been slaughtered around him.  All in all, the movie is tragic yet uplifting at the same time.  It IS historically accurate (no matter what anybody tells you, take it from someone who used to live in Japan and has studied Japanese history for 13 years), it is worth watching, and it was far more oscar-worthy than that abortion of a film about Japan "Lost in Translation. Wow, what a movie! First of all, the story line is so intersting. It is around 1876 and Japan is on course to introduce western lifestyle in the country. However, the Samurais, the traditional Japanese warriors they do not want to except this novice. Thus emperor of Japan confront them military. In order to train the Japanese military the US army captain (portrayed by Tom Cruise) is invited. During one of the confrontations he is taken as a prisoner by Samurais. He spends in Samurai village several month. He studies their lifestyle, their traditions and realizes that he was on the wrong side of the battlefield. Thus he decides to stand next to the Samurais and fight with them for their freedom.  This is an epic movie. It probably can be compared to "Braveheart". Tom Cruise is brilliant, his acting is amazing. This is must have for movie lovers. I still do not believe that Oscar committee prefered "The Lord of the Rings to "The Last Samurai". This is really dissapointing.
 I loved the movie myself. Great camera work, nice action scenes, and alot of drama. I think many people would benefit from watching the old 70's movie Shogun.  I think Cruise did a fine job. Was he "striving for an Oscar"? Don't know. Don't care. Why not let the movie and actors stand for themselves? Does he have the same personality in all his movies? Well, yah, sorta. But I'm sorry so do most actors that people think are great. I love Anthony Hopkins myself, but he always seems the same. The only actor (another that I love) I can think of off the top of my head that is actually different in some of his movies is Gary Oldman and that's stretching it a bit.  I liked the relationship between Cruise and the people of the village. He saw them as savages, and they saw him the same way. The "relationship with his hostess didn't seem strained to me. She hated him because he was an unwashed savage that killed her husband, but as time progressed, no one could deny his trying not only to fit in but to not back down (which is something they would appreciate). And, he got on well with her kids. Call me chauvanistic here, but any man that is good with a woman's kids will hit a soft spot. And, there was no "Take me, Cruise!!! scene at all in the movie. I don't see the problem. Also, he never was samurai. He appreciated their culture but admittedly didn't understand alot of it which is... understandable.  As to the final part of the movie being overly done hollywood... I think SOMEONE had to survive. Someone had to bring this to the emperor's face and show it in a personal way. When you think about it, Algren was the only option for this. Was it cliche'? Sure. But, had it just ended with them all dying, there would have been no resolution. Perhaps had the emperor been there to see it... then I would say you could just leave it at all the men dying and the emperor being moved by it, but he wasn't. So, someone had to bring this to him. It couldn't be Katsumoto, because he (and his sword) was the message itself. It couldn't have been the other samurai, because to do such a thing would have been not their place and disrespectful (culture gaps here). The only person who could to this, and get away with it, was Algren. He was NOT a samurai (and don't be confused into thinking  The Last Samurai referred to him, because it didn't. It referred to Katsumoto.), AND he represented a third party perspective. That was the clincher. The act moved an "honorless white man (culture gap again) to come before the emperor and even offer to end his life in some accordance to the Bushido code. It WAS moving.  And it wasn't saying that by becoming "modernized the Japanese were doing wrong (as a reviewer put it). It was attempting to demonstrate and correct the attitude
 I rated The Last Samurai 5 stars because it was the best movie i have ever seen. It's got it all mad good action, a little comedy, and some romance. I don't really like romance but with the girl that plays Katsamoto's sister. She is really hot. And I liked the movie so much I went to go see it again. I can't get enuff of it. I am going to see it again. So go see The Last Samurai I garntee you will love it.(.)(.)
 I was able to catch a sneak preview of this movie. This movie is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It has action, humor, and lots of emotional moments. I don't have time for details. This is a movie that should not be missed! Forget Master and Commander and Timeline, GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
 When I saw this film at the theaters, I remember enjoying it but not thinking much of it.  Now, years later, I watched it again, and I was so pleasantly surprised. The story is very dramatic, it's beautifully photographed, and the action is breathtaking. The performances across the board are great, including what I consider a career best from Tom Cruise.  It's just really good. If you like historical dramas like Gladiator, Braveheart, or Dances with Wolves, you should really enjoy this. It's definitely in the same league.
 Not 100% FACTUAL but a great movie with a wonderful view of changing cultural upheaval and the clash of traditional with technological
 I love this movie. It is one of the best with Tom cruise. This is one that will watch more than once.
 I owned this movie before & it was stolen from my house. I was determined that I would not buy it again, but it was such a good movie I had to give in. The real reason for this review is the fast dependable service provided by Amazon. I ordered this movie & had it in my mailbox two days later. Thank you Amazon, you never let me down.
 The film itself is great now that i saw it on blu-ray its just amazing.
 My brother thinks of this as one of the best movies ever.  I thought it was pretty good, but I sent it to him for a what the heck gift, and it was worth it to make him happy.
 Well we already know about the movie so i am not going to comment on it. The most noticable thing about this Blu Ray release is the picture quality, its sharp, vivid colors, simply amazing. 
 This movie held my attention all the way through. It has a lot of action, but it was well-paced, believable, and well-intertwined with great drama and cinematography. The similarities this movie has with Dances with Wolves is intellectually stimulating and welcomes thoughtful discussion. I think I will add this DVD to my collection.
 I was captured by the strong similarities between Samuari culture and Native Americans back in the day.  The use of horses, bow and arrow, weaving, agricultural lifestyle, respect and honor.  Portrayed romanticized life of Samurai with great action scenes and beautiful cinematography. This movie was easy to enjoy.  No serious criticisms about the movie since it was meant for pure entertainment.  Perhaps there were historical inaccuracies.....but its message was clear
 I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but I love this film.  I liked the story, the Japanese actors, the costumes and scenery.  I've watched this film several times, and I've cried everytime.
 Music, grandeur, great locales--everything!  Battle scenes are amazing.  Bought fullscreen edition and it fills big screen HDTV with vivid picture.  Extra disc has fascinating stuff.
 I am a high school student that is in love with the samurai.  This movie after I saw it made me get back into the martial arts which I had quit over a decade earlier and now I am a assistant instructor.  This movie is both historical correct on the sense of the last samurai killed himself.  There was no Tom Cruise character but that was based on James Clavells Shogun.  This movie is about a American veteran that has lost his will to live after some mishaps that he had when facing the american indians in the 1860's.  He gets recruited by the Japanese Shogun to train a modern army after Closed Door policy that had lasted for over two hundred years.  The samurai are revolting because of the change and the Western nations changing Japan.  Tom Cruise gets a new outlook on life when he meets the samurai and finds something he loves.  This movie had me in tears b/c of the history and emotion that was put into this movie.  A must see film and a must buy film.
 Many people say that Tom Cruse is unconvincing or overrated. I am now convinced that these people have seen neither this film or Collateral. This is a heart-felt, pure epic of sorts which are very rare in this day and age. This film follows a sad storyline of fighting for tradition and avoiding judging anyone until you meet them. This movie is filled with breath-taking scenary of the Japanese landscapes, and riveting battle sequences. Films of this caliber are very rare.  *9* (A)
 This movie was a masterpiece. I felt it should have deserved more credit for what it received. One of Tom Cruise's best performances of all-time. A GREAT story that was well told of a long forgotten group of warriors in Japan who fought and served with honor, excellence, and discipline with a purpose. Their duty lies in their name - Samurai=to serve. The most sophisticated warrior of its time. The scenes shot in the movie were picture perfect and awe-inspiring for admirers of Japanese culture and Japanese history. A story of West meets (Far)East. Tom Cruise's ignorant, cocky, character from the West leads to a humbling experience when he learns to live with the Samurai and understand their way of life. He reveals that they were not a barbaric people but instead a sophisticated society that lived in discipline. Opposite of what the West had perceived of the Samurai image. I recommend anyone to this movie and if you didnt know it will open up a new perception of a people who lived long ago.
 After seeing all of the movies nominated for Best Picture 2003, and just watching The Last Samurai last night, I feel that this movie (not to mention its actors)was greatly overlooked by the Academy. Cruise is spectacular as the disillusioned 7th Cavalry Captain who finds his place among Katsumoto's (Ken Watanabe..who should have won an Oscar as well)rebel band of samurai's who are fighting to keep their tradition alive in a time when Japan is looking to become more westernized. This movie has a little bit of something in it for everyone and I highly recommend it...
 The Last Samurai is an inspiring, artistic, touching movie. It even manages to stay pretty close to the historical facts it's based on.  The premise of the movie is anything but new, even so, it's a unique production. It offers insight into the japanese culture and we, the audience, take it in through the senses of the main character, Nathan Allgren [Tom Cruise]. We learn about the samurai, honor, trust, pursuit of perfection and harmony, discipline and tradition, all adjectives that make Japan what it is today.  There are a couple of things however that I personally would have liked to have seen changed. A bit more action and a bit less philosophy and talk [less gab, more shooting one might say].  The last scenes of the movie could have definitely done well without the typical hollywood dramatic dialogue and action. It was a bit over the top compared to the rest of the movie which was realistic and down-to-earth.  Almost forgot to mention the movie's soundtrack. Absolutely brilliant, the tracks are a combination of japanese traditional music and western music. Beautiful.  All in all, I absolutely loved this movie and is now part of my DVD collection. It's one of the few titles I would enjoy watching again once in a while.
 I gave 5 stars to this movie and also to Tom Cruise's performance. It's one of the most powerful Hollywood epic dramas. I also am impressed by the great acting of the supporting cast, such as Katsumoto's son. His performance was very good indeed. When Tom Cruise was captured in his village, we saw a kind, innocent and pure boy. When he was helping his father to escape, he became brave and determined. I was sad to see him fighting to his death. The diverse sides of this young man were well handled by the actor. You won't forget this movie after you watch it. I truely think Tom Cruise is a great actor. His acting is getting better and better, unlike some actors/actresses who never improve themselves but merely depend on their good looks. Conclusion
 I rank this movie right up there with Braveheart and Gladiator as far as epics go. At first I thought this was going to be one of those "face time movies just to get a paycheck for Tom Cruise, but to my suprise it was a great movie. While watching this movie I actually learned something, which I wasn't expecting, and that was that the samurai were alot like the native americans in the ways that they were removed from their own land.This is one of the best movies to come out in the last couple of years and a breath of fresh air compared to those movies like Master and Commander that claimed to be action movies but were really just "face time for their leading man.
 wow, this movie was great... im serious, everyone should watch this movie. it was brilliant. It's about Tom Cruise, he starts to train a Japanese army and then during a battle between his troop and the saumrai he killed a samurai and then he is taken prisoner with the samurai but they are kind to him and stuff. well eventually, he makes friends and what not with the samurai and he goes to battle on their side. i cryed so hard in so many parts of the movie. it was just so beautiful. and i laughed at some of tom's lines. he really isnt such a bad actor nd this is by far his best movie yet. and the action scenes (being a tru fan of patriot,braveheart, and saving private ryan) were filmed really well.  it's true, this may not depicted what it was really like but i dont know why so many people are criticizing this movie. alot of people are saying its an insult to japanese to think that an american is the last samurai after a little while of learning. calm down! my best friend is asain and she cryed and loved the movie! it was not insulting to her nor her mother! i wouldnt mindif americans were wiped out in battle and the only one left was an asain who adopted western ways. i'd be proud that soeone survived and passed on the legacy of my people. that whole idea is a bunch of racist crap and stop overreacting!!!! i didnt think the movie was slow either. every part was beautiful and filled with depth and emotion. there was no way the editor could delete ANY scenes that were in the finished product because they were all necessary and lets face it... BRILLIANT! and alot of people are saying the characters werent well developed but cant u see
 A lot of people (myself, included) were skeptical when this movie was released. "Ok, a white guy (let alone Tom Cruise) playing the "Last Samurai"!?  Yeah right! was the general consensus.  After watching this movie, though, you'll see that it's an homage to the Japanese culture, and Tom is merely there as an outside observer to show the culture shock that happens when he's introduced to their, very different, way of life.  As far as the HD-DVD transfer goes, the movie never looked better!  I have a home theater (my screen is over 9 feet wide!) so I need HD, otherwise images look just "ok", as opposed to "spectacular", the way this movie does.  Highly recommended if you're a fan of the Japanese culture or Tom Cruise.  And if you're a fan of Ken Watanabe then this movie is a MUST HAVE, because his role and his acting job are superb (as usual)!
 I purchased this video for my teenage son. He has watched it several times, and says he would recommend it to anyone that likes these types of movies.
 When I first heard about this movie I was sceptical. I was afraid that a Samurai movie starring a white guy might end up kind of goofy. But Tom Cruise puts in a strong performance here and won me over by the end of the film. If you love swords this is the movie for you. Tons of training with swords, fighting with swords, and philosiphising about them. The action is spectacular, and the score is stirring. The cinemtography is beautiful. The mountain village reminded me of the shire and made me want to live there. For a movie with some brutally violent action sequences, it also features some amazingly peaceful and relaxing moments in the middle of the film. Anyone who believes in honor and chivalry will find this movie inspiring.  Est Sularus Oth Mithas!
 It's unfortunate that some people dont see the true beauty of this film, like me if you are a anime fan you should see it. The last samurai is great from beginning to end the fight scenes were great and the story and plot was so perfect it's almost unbelievable. Even though the story is fake the families involved and the events that make this story come to life are all historic facts.These men died in battle and even know they died they died to get their point across and to be heard when they needed to be heard the most. It was a fight that couldn't be won but to these men it was either fight  and die proud  or run and you would be forced to kill yourself and die a coward, they died and the rest of their family lived to fight another day.Tom cruse did a great job in this movie but the awards should go to Ken watanabe or Katsumoto and the other men/samurai who made this movie great. To end this some peolple need to be told that before watching this movie dont mistake it for a fraud because some people expect Tom cruse to be the last samurai and seeing that he is not of japanese descent that might bother some people and it's nothing like that because I judged this movie before seeing it and I was dead wrong and suprised at what saw and loved this movie.
 (4.5 Stars) I have noticed the people that didn't give this movie good ratings were more or less history buffs or are really into studying ancient Japan.  I myself enjoyed this movie alot, although I do have to say it reminds me, in principle, of dances with wolves.  White man is hired to destroy foreign culture, white man falls in love with culture, white man fights on the side of the culture he was supposed to destroy....same plot essentially right?  With that said, the action scenes are entertaining and I found the character development between the samurai and cruise to be pretty good.  Even though I generalized it like that it is still a really good movie...but that's only my opinion.
 I loved every minute of this movie.  In some ways though I love the ending the most.  I know a lot of people were pissed off by it, but here's how I look at it.  You have to listen to the narration--no one knows what really happened.  That final scene--in my opinion--is only what the british linguist wants to believe happened to his friend.  As for Tom Cruise surviving, well again the narration points out that many people think he died of his injuries.  He may have made it off that battle field, but he didn't do it easily.  Also, somone pointed out that if he really believed the Samuri code he would have killed himself.  A) I think he owed it to Katsumoto to bring the Emperor his sword, and tell the emperor what took place.  The whole point of that battle was to send a message to the emperor, and it was a message that needed at least one person to drive it home.  B)Anyone who thinks he should have just killed himself misses the fact that he isn't samuri.  He's a melding of two cultures.  Even after all he'd been through, I think that remains true.
 I cannot say enough good things about this movie so I will try to keep it short. Set in 19th century Japan a single group of samurai is all that is left of a once fearsome and noble tradition, and Tom Cruise ends up staying with them. I do not want to say much more about the story, unlike some other reviewers, because it is impossible to tell as well as the film does. I will just say that this epic and beautfully written tale leaves you with a whole new respect for what samurais have done for the legend of Japan.    Tom Cruise is simply phenomenal! This is his best performance on the silver screen by far. Also, his co-star Ken Watanabe who plays the leader of the samurai is better than your highest expectaions. As for the fighting, there are many great scenes that range from sword training to being raided by ninjas to the final bloody battle that can stand up to any other ever filmed.  Speaking of blood, the special effects are outstanding and the sound is excellent, they really bring the action to life.  The anamorphic widescreen format is the icing on the cake.  Packed with incredible fights and battles, breathtaking cinematography, and violence up the yin-yang(I know that is chinese) The Last Samurai is a must have for any movie fan!
 The degree to which I loved this film was really surprising.  It is a film of epic proportions.  The viewer is treated to a slice of historical fiction that, thanks to the second accompanying DVD, examines the degree the filmmakers qwent to guarantee the accuracy of the time period through the actors, the scenary, the costumes and more.   This movie is about a used up war Captain down on his luck who gets the opportunity to make a good deal of money by selling what he has left to offer - that being his lifetime of warring, of making war and of studying war.  He is perpetually haunted by the memories of his time serving under General Custer when he was ordered to murder innocent Native Americans, women and children, who he knew were innocent at the time they were slaughtered.  He became an alcoholic.  So the Captain is provided with this opportunity to go to Japan and train the newly developing Japanese army with the intention of defeating the old Samarai warriors who have been the protectors of the Japanese people for over 1000 years.  The young Emperer is being pushed into the modern times.  As a result, the Captain becomes exposed to the ways of the Samarai.  The story is absolutely captivating.   Though I usualy don't do this, I watched the accompanying DVD with the special features.  I was glad I did because throughout the film I reflected back on what I saw and heard.  During the first 15 minutes I didn't think I'd like the film and I also had a hard time dealing with Tom Cruise as the Captain, but I knew shortly thereafter that I would be purchasing the movie on DVD.  There's just so much to see in this film and from so many different aspects that I want to be able to own and watch this movie whenever I'd want as well as share and encourage my friends and family to see it as well.
 THE LAST SAMURAI starring Tom Cruise has been compared far too much to DANCES WITH WOLVES as though, somehow, what we have here is a reversal of THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN.  Let's just look at the movie for its own sake and forget the nonsense about comparisons to other flicks, especially DANCES WITH WOLVES. THE LAST SAMURAI is simply a beautiful story about a man who is able to see the best in his  enemies.   Taken prisoner, he is forced to study a culture that is based on honor and simplicity and determines to defend  what he has come to love.  The movie goes a long way in portraying the end of feudal Japan and accurately depicts a culture bound by spiritual beliefs that permeated everything from the way tea was served to how a warrior honorably ended his own life.  And all without the ridiculous and unnecessary political correctness that saturated DANCES WITH WOLVES! If you watch and enjoy this movie for nothing more than the beauty of Japan and the wonderful way that the makers of this movie put it on the screen you will be richly rewarded.  Supporting Cruise, Ken Watanabe is superb in his role as the Samurai chieftain, Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Sanada is a scene-stealer as Cruise's antagonistic enemy, Ujio, turned reluctant but effective teacher and mentor.
 This movie is about the honor of a disappearing culture falling to the ever enchroaching imperial world in both 19th Century America and Europe.  It is about the Samurai who are no longer needed in a Westernized Japan and symbolizes the culture of Japan as it is swallowed up by Western Imperialism in the 19th Century. The movie centers around Captain Algren (Tom Cruise), an ex-American Civil War soldier and Indian fighter who has lost his honor and is disillusioned about the world he lives in.  Tom Cruise is great in this role and is quite possibily his best role yet.  Algren is sent to Japan by America to train the Imperial Japanese army in the way of Western warfare and weaponry.  This sets up the confrontation between the Samurai, who are defending their dying culture, and Algren, who is trying to destroy that culture.  Algren is captured by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the Samurai leader, in the battle.  While in capitivity, Algren learns the way of the Samurai and comes to respect the dying culture. Many people say this is just a rip off of Kevin Costner's Dances With Wolves.  It isn't.  This is a vastly different storyline with a similiar idea that can be seen in Dances With Wolves.  The two are different stories. The production values of this movie are great and well directed by Edward Zwick (Glory).  Definitely the a great directed movie.  My hat is off to the crew that made this happen. Yes, there are historical accuracies in the film, but besides Gods and Generals and Gettysburg, how many films are historical accurate?  Not many and if they were they would probably be rather boring to many.  On this DVD is a documentary about the true story of the Last Samurai by the History Channel.  So if you are worried about historical inaccuracies then you can get the real tale in the documentary on the special features disc. All in all a great movie about a dying culture and how some people won't simple [surrender] themself to save their life and lose their culture.
 A very well crafted movie, with so many parallels to the spiritual life, especially the priesthood. I was particularly struck by its romantic view of an idealized lost culture, juxtaposed against modern industry and greedy politicians, which served as a warning against the dangers of Utilitarianism (which pope John Paul II spent so much time speaking out against in his writings).
 One of my all time favorites. Arrived early in great condition. It was wonderful to see it in HD. I have it on DVD but it was a great deal.
 Bargain deal at a great price. Bought it during Black Friday at amazing low price with super saver shipping! Packaging is fine.
 asome!! A must see movie if you love action!! worth watching more then once. hurry and get yours today. My son watched it four times.
 Movie was easy to find online.  It arrived as promised and I'm happy with the order and the way it was processed.  I'll order from this company again.
 I'm happy with the service, especially the package and the protection of this item. The movie have very good quality image and sound. I will recommend to my friend and family
 Nathan Algren (played by Tom Cruise) is a troubled alcoholic who is fast approaching self-destruction, following the North American Indian Wars.  Down and nearly out, Algren is approached by members of his former cavalry unit to help train the emerging Japanese military.  At first Algren is driven by the opportunity to make a quick and substantial dollar in Japan, yet it is when he is left for dead that he begins the process of healing himself, whilst held in captivity.  The film provides a sample of a Japan that has newly opened itself to the Western World, with tradition and new ways having an uneasy relationship.  It is possibly one of Cruise's best performances of the 2000's, and the movie narrative is rich with action and meaningful story.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 I always wanted to see this movie, and I wasn't disappointed.  It was a wonderful DVD!!  It arrived in pristine condition.
 Great Quality DVD, clean, no scratches. Came quite quickly. Came with everything as promised and in perfect condition! NO complaints here!
 It was a quick send It was a great product I would buy from againnn
 This movie is one of the best movie every time you see it... you learn somthing new.
 I have seen the film in theaters and about a hundred times on DVD. I beleive it to be the very best film on dvd. Ps. HEY DUDE WHO WROTE THAT SAMURAI IS INNCORECT AND BUSHI IS CORRECT IS WRONG, BUSHI WAS THE SAMURAI'S NAME BEFORE THEY WENT INTO SERVICE OF THE EMPEROR, SAMURAI "TO SERVE MEANS TO SERVE THE EMPEROR, READ UP ON YOUR HISTORY BEFORE MAKING SUCH ALIGATIONS.  ANYWAYS best dang movie of all time 5 out of 5.
 The Last Samurai is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It was a blockbuster smash in Japan.  It tells the story of the Samurai of Japan and how they became obsolete due to westernization of their country.  Although the last scene with the emperor concerning his decision whether to fully open Japan to the West is pure fiction, the rest is generally accurate.  The director seeks to romanticize the samurai.  The samurai traditions and culture are not that difficult to romanticize.  Everything they stood for is portrayed in the film.  Watching it, you yearn to add these values to your own life, and feel achingly their loss to today's society.  This is the true value of the film - to raise the samurai once again, in their full glory of life, and the strange glory of their deaths. The climactic scene of the final battle between the samurai and the new army is predictable, yet still horrifying.  You just wish it could end differently.  Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are glorious.  Watanabe received a Best Supporting Actor nomination.  I feel The Last Samurai should have received more nominations, and at least one Oscar. In real life, the last of the samurai did indeed perish in a last-stand battle against the new military.  They were led by a samurai general who died in the battle.  He is now a hero in Japanese legend and culture.
 I am not especially a big Tom Cruise fan but this was an EXCEPTIONAL Film.  I can see that a lot of time and effort went into the making of this wonderful film.  This action packed film keeps you on the edge of your seat and will also tear at your heart. It is a must have for all serious film buffs and dvd collectors.  I will watch this film again and again.
 For those who enjoy the book SHOGUN by James Clavell, sit back for a true treat.  The story, though not new, is very tightly woven.  From the epic scenery of Japan(wow!) to the battles scenes(double wow!), this movie shows nothing but grace througout it's 2 1/2 hours.  The romance was refreshing and beautiful as there are no nudity or sexual scenes that hollywood soo depends on to get ratings(or points across).  How powerful it is to just see plain human emotion show by one's ever so slight movement and gestures.  Incredible.  The Asian actors, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada, and Koyuki(gorgeous in all graceful forms) all deserve nominations as I rarely see such inspiring performances.  Everything you'd expect in a grand adventure from director Edward Zweck.  The music by Hans Zimmer is truly deserving.  Though not as "Japanese as some reviewers stated, I truly felt heart motivated through his symphonic composition for the battle scenes.  I'm sorry, should I instead state "awe inspired"!  So sit back, relax and enjoy something that only comes out once in awhile.  If you like this, perhaps you'll also enjoy a Japanese animation that's called "samurai X
 The guys wrote a lot of good stuff in other reviews and i'm not gonna add any more except my HIGH appreciation and recommendations to this movie. I watched twice in the cinema, and finally i go the DVD and watched it again. To me, this is the best movie for Tom Cruise. And it will be a while till he can do something that is better than this one. Again, This is PERFECT. It deserves the 5 stars without hesitating. regards
 "The Last Samarai is one of the greatest films released in 2003, starring Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe.  Its hardhitting impact is intense enough to keep audiences' eyes wide open through the whole movie.  Its written plot of a US soldier changing his life for the better in Japan is brilliant.  Despite the war themes, there are some great heartwarming scenes, namely when the US soldier starts healing his pains from his US war battles.  As he begins learning Japanese traditions, he begins learning more about himself, which plays a crutial part in the film.  As this develops, the drama also develops, which keeps audiences interested.  This allows the conflicts between the two sides to be brought out as brilliantly as it was.  His friends' life stories add an additional unique flavor.  The war scenes are uniquely intense.  Few other movies have thought of such original war scenery.  This teaches audiences that there is no one way to fight a war or to solve a conflict.  Its Oscar-nominated 1870's Japanese setting is flawless.  They prove that they did their research to construct such an elaborate set.  The war scenes are desplicted as brutal as they should thanks to the special effects.  The costumes are accurate from those times.  Such great background offers an improved sense of this masterpiece film. Tom Cruise's underrated role as US soldier Nathan Algren is his best in years.  His two years of training to prepare for his role paid off.  He never loses his intense sense of emotion for a second.  The pain and agony expressed are as pure as if he actually lived it.  Ken Watanabe's Oscar-nominated role as Samarai leader Katsumoto rightfully places him in the spotlight.  This performance makes acting appear easy when it's actually the opposite.  He proves that he will become a big-name actor in the next following years.  All other actors also performed their roles beautifully. "The Last Samarai is great for those looking for a unique war movie with emotion.  This is sure to please many audiences.  This is destined to be a classic in the following years as it deserves.
 &#65533;The path to enlightenment is littered with the bodies of the ignorant.&#65533; This movie was simply incredible.  The acting second to none, the story moving and flawless, the characters deep and passionate, a must see, again and again. Hired to train the army of a Japan drowning in western influence, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), becomes captured by a band of &#65533;savage&#65533; samurai warriors led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). In the months to come Algren embraces the code of the samurai and befriending his &#65533;savage&#65533; enemies to soon discover there is nothing savage about honor, duty, and respect.
 After reading some of the reviews here, I was not expecting too much from this movie, but thought I would give it a try anyway. I was truly surprised, it was VERY well done, the acting and story line were far more solid then I had expected. This movie delievered far more then I expected.  So all I really have to say, is give this movie a try, I doubt you will be disapointed.
 Although I generally eschew movies with battles and lots of warfare, and had to be convinced by my husband to see this, I was amazed at how wonderful this movie was.   There were no cheesy moments in this film.  There were no gratuitous gore, violence, or nudity.  No sex, just the gentle suggestion of what could happen at some other date.  It was fabulously done.  Fully believable, and very in tune with the Japanese culture that I was exposed to while living there. Clearly a previous reviewer didn't watch the film carefully.  The main character was never officially made a samurai; however, he was exposed to eastern philosophies in a gentle, very authentic, eastern philosophy way.  The main character learned about mindlessness, mindfulness, and other tennants of Buddhism, but overall the main theme of this epic was HONOR.  Honor in living, honor in battle, and honor in death.   Young teens and older children could watch this field, because it lacks the graphic violence and sexuality as I mentioned before.  I am the mother of a 12 and 15-year-old, and I will show it to them  with no hesitation.
 Honor.  Integrity.  Loyalty.  And Bushido (translated to, "way of the warrior").  What place do these hold in life and all it encompasses.  Warner Bros. "The Last Samurai attempts to depict the epic and time age tale of traditional norms versus a new and modernizing society. The story takes place in Japan.  However, not Japan as we know it today, but just as it was emerging from its bloody, feudal cradle.  A feudal bloodbath entailing Japanese ways of life no more than 150 years ago. "The Last Samurai begins with a Japanese empirical advisor who needs the samurai eliminated in order to finish his railroad.  At first the samurai are viewed as imperial rebeliests; "barbarians with no sense of what is right and wrong.  The advisor hires an American Civil War veteran, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), and for $500 a month he trains a small army of men to fight the samurai.  But when the samurai attack a railroad construction village the advisor becomes impatient and orders Cruise's superior officer Colonel Benjamin Bagly (Tony Goldwyn) to lead the small and unprepared force against the samurai.  The skilled and experienced samurai easily overpower the unpolished army and take Cruise as their prisoner.  Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) the group leader of the samurai, along with other agendas, wishes to "know his enemy. Cruise eventually grows to love the simplicity and stillness of the samurai way of life.  He adopts the concept of Bushido (Japanese for "way of the warrior"); a theme that flows compassionately throughout the film.  Over the course of a year he learns samurai ways, their fighting methods, and even eventually begins to learn their language. But when his new found life is threatened by the old, he chooses to fight with the men he once considered his enemy. Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a downtrodden Civil War veteran who douses his troubles in alcohol.  He suffers from flashbacks that give Cruise's character a sense of shame and weariness.  And while Cruise's performance is exceptional even he cannot take precedence over the grandeur and scope of what "The Last Samurai does symbolize.  The death of an era, and the usherance of technological assimilation. Asian actors Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto), and Koyuki (Taka), play their roles brilliantly; and while their dialogue is not as numerous as Cruise's, their actions speak for more than themselves.  Katsumoto, is a proud, thoughtful, and an integrible samurai leader.  For more than 900 years he and his ancestors have protected the ways and honor of his people.  He and Cruise periodically converse in philosophical meetings sprinkled with humor.  Taka shines as Cruise's caretaker.  However, very early in the movie we find out that Taka is a widow of a samurai that Cruise has killed in battle; an enigma that lends a sense of depth and responsibility to both characters roles throughout the movie. Perhaps one of the more historical points is the weakness of the Japanese Emperor, Meiji, played by Scichinosuke Nakamura.  At this point of Japan's history, the Emperor became more of a figurehead, controlled by a group of economist advisors only wishing to fatten their wallets.  But this is portrayed in more of a symbolic matter throughout "The Last Samurai. Both the complexity and simplicity of "The Last Samurai, enjoy ubiquity throughout the film.  There is never a moment in which both must not be weighed equally.  With every scene there is a sense of duty and honor, while there is at the same time enjoyment in the stillness of life.  A concoction of artsy filmography and articulating background music allow the plot to encompass all aspects of the movie; never will a moment take precedence over the plot or all that it strives to facilitate.  The facts of the matter are perhaps best but in a quote from the movie
 "The Last Samurai is one of this year's best movies! It is brilliant and poignant, with emotional and brilliant performances by Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast. Tom Cruise is Captain Nathan Algren, a man who is conflicted by the past by a very serious incident that happened during the Civil War. He is offered a job in Japan, where he is going to train the emperor's soldiers. But, when they are pulled into combat early, that is when during the soldiers' first attack that Algren is captured by the Samurai and kept alive by Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe. That he is where he learns about his enemy and gets enlightened by them and decides to stay with them. Timothy Spall plays Simon Graham, a translator and photographer who is with Algren in this magnificent journey. Billy Connolly plays Zebulon Gant, a dear friend of Algren. Tony Goldwyn plays Colonel Bagley, a comrade and enemy of Algren's. This is a brilliant movie with a powerful story and a powerful word about how you look at things and you think at what they should be. Edward Zwick's directing is brilliant. The costume design by Ngila Dickson is splendid. The production design by Lilly Kilvert is incredibly beautiful. The film editing by Steven Rosenblum and Victor du Bois is excellent. The cinematography by John Toll is brilliant. The music by Hans Zimmer is powerful and brilliantly excellent. The story & screenplay by John Logan, Marshall Herskovitz, & Edward Zwick is emotionally powerful and brilliant. Go see this movie and it might inspire you and make you think about things in perspective. See it before you see "The Lord Of The Rings
 This movie was so great in all aspects. Tom Cruise excelled as the leading role. He brought humor, emotion, and charisma to his part that I really didn't think he could pull off. All of the Japanese Samurai characters were great and you will come to love them as the movie goes along. You can see why Cruise's character would rather live with them than his own people. The action scenes were awesome, but much more gory than even I expected. Those samurai swords can do some gruesome things. The movie is never boring, and it managed to keep my attention for the full 2 hours and 30 minutes. This movie is easily going to be nominated for best picture, music, and set design at the 2004 Oscars. Go see this extraordinary Movie..I guarantee you will be glad you did.
 This movie has action, drama, story, great cinematography and good acting. The fight sequences are well choreographed. The story is deep and has soul. It gave me that feel like when I saw dances with wolves and fighting spirit like Gladiator. This movie will bring the Warrior out of you once you get into it! If, like me you love Epics, History, Martial arts and ZEN stuff, You'll enjoy this movie hopefully.
 This film is definately on the top of my favorite movie list. Tom Cruise does a beautiful job portraying a Civil War veteran that is having a lot of difficulty accepting what occured in his past. He goes to Japan for a job of training a modern Japanese army fighting the last of the samurai that are rebeling against the ways of the government, but still fighting for the emperor. He ends up becoming a part of the warriors he was training to kill, and so begins the epic tale of Nate Algren. A memorable line that the charecter Nathan Algren states at the beginning of the movie is this
 Congratulations Ton Cruise you have finally made a film I can watch without wanting to punch you in the middle of your smug face, you took a back seat for once and let more talented actors have the stage.  I love the samurai genre and have seen probably every example (when the last sword is drawn is best in my view) and therefore felt compelled to watch this movie despite the fact I cant stand Cruise but in truth I have to say I LOVED THIS MOVIE.  It is superbly well made, visually stunning and very moving. Koyuki and uijo were deeply impressive as was katsumoto.  I have seen it six times now and it just gets better.  The soundtrack is worth buying on it's own. It deserved to have been  better received when it was released but it was in competition with 'the return of the king' which was unfortunate as the last samurai is far the better film.  No one I know who has seen this film has anything less than great admiration for it.
 This movie is one of the greatest action movies I have ever seen, with great acting, directing, and a great plot.  It keeps you interested for the full 2 and a half hours.  Nathan (Tom Cruise) is recruited (by his superior officer whom he despises) to train the Japanese army (he was a good warrior in the battles in the U.S. against the "Indians") as the Japanese are trying to civilize themselves and be a world power and they want to get rid of the Samurai and rural way of life and customs (including no firearms).  After being ordered to lead the Japanese Army into battle prematurely against the Samurai he is almost killed and captured by the Samurai as the Army gets demolished even with their guns.  He lives with the Samurai and their leaded Katsumoto, who after a while the two take a great liking to one another and Nathan begins to train with them and learn their lifestyle and discipline which he comes to highly admire.  After being returned almost 2 years later to the Japanese Army (which is 20 times larger now) he finds they have new firepower (gattling guns and cannons) and they will destroy the Samurai's in battle.  Katsumoto then turns himself in to the Emporer (who is his friend) only to be told he will die. But Nathan and the other Samurai's rescue Katsumoto and Nathan takes up w/ them in a battle against the whole Japanese Army.  That's all I'll tell you but you have to go see the movie, it's GREAT and you'll be pleased, especially at the ending and the honor and discipline that is promoted through the movie.
 I had the privilage of the movie and all i can say that it was amazing. everything from the acting to the set designs was great. The dialogue was very engaging and the fight scenes was out of this world, especially when TOM cruise's character fights Ujia in training. Tom does an excellent job and proves his acting can garner an oscar nomination for a lead role.
 I did not hear the best reviews of The Last Samurai when it came out. Many said it was a good film, but not up to the epic status it had obviously tried to achieve. My mother is not at all a Tom Cruise fan, so I did not hear much good about him either.   Then my grandparents glowingly recommended the movie to my whole family, and we decided to watch it with them one night when they came over. What I had seen when it ended was a moving, excellent film which, if not perhaps an epic, is certainly a wonderful tale of a culture and heritage slipping away from an ancient and lasting civiliazation.   As I said, this movie is perhaps not an epic on the scale of-The Lord of the Rings, for example. It does not contain quite the sweep and grand scale that the latter has in buckets. It is about honor, about discipline, and about a man from a completely different country who joins forces with the samurai. So no, I would not necessarily call it an epic, although it certainly contains some of the ingredients of one. Whether the director and screenwriters intended it to be, I do not know, but that certainly does not keep it from being one of the better films I have seen.   The hero is Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War veteran and soldier in the 7th Cavalry who fought in the Indian wars. At the beginning of the film, however, he is not employed in warfare, but in promoting the weapons of the Winchester arms company. He does not come out to perform in time, however, and he is fired.   Another job comes his way, however, when his commander asks him to accept the offer of a certain Mr. Omura, a man highly ranked in the Japanese government who, in accordance with his and the Japanese emperor's wishes to westernize his nation, is employing American soldiers to train the Japanese army. Algren agrees, although horrible memories of attacking innocent settlements in the Indian wars make him loathe his commander.   Once in Japan, Algren assumes the responsibility of training the Japanese army, which consists mostly of peasants who have never even held guns.   Then, before the army is fully trained, a samurai leader, Katsumoto, a man who thinks Japan is changing too quickly, continues the rebellion he had previously begun by attacking the railroad owned by the same Mr. Omura who hired Algren. Algren's superiors insist on attacking, despite Algren maintaining that the troops are unready for combat.   Despite superior firepower and numbers, the Samurai win a resounding victory at the battle, and Algren is captured. But after several difficult months, he finds himself living among friends, not enemies. He is captivated by the ideals and disciplines of the samurai, and comes to fight on their side in a climactic battle whose outcome will decide Japan's future.   The directing is certainly very good-Edward Zwick seems to be one of those talented fellows who can have two characters very obviously love each other without commiting fornication. That was one of the most amazing aspects of this movie. The sister of Katsumoto comes to love Algren during the course of his stay, and they actually remain chaste. Wow! What a concept! I am sick of having well-made movies filled with trash that renders it off-limits, and The Last Samurai was refreshingly free of sex.   A word of warning, though-it is fairly violent, and there is some swearing, so despite it's good qualities I wouldn't recommend it for the younger children.   The camera-work is also excellent, giving us some views of the wonderful countryside of...New Zealand. I find it a little strange that this movie was not actually filmed in Japan, but the country is so beautiful I can overlook it, and it looked to me like a place that could easily be found in Japan. But I have never been there, so don't take my word for it.   The acting is good, and having no previous exposure to Tom Cruise I was able to be satisfied with his performance and not have any unpleasant memories from his past films. Ken Watanabe is very good as Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Koyuki is wonderful as Katsumoto's sister.   But perhaps the best of all are the values in Last Samurai. Honor, devotion to duty, discipline, and courage to do what you believe is right in the face of danger are all lauded here. I don't think Western culture is being universally blasted here, but I do think the film makers are trying to say that technology is not all that matters; but that values and morals should be honored and practiced. Hollywood does not recognize that Jesus Christ is the only answer to life's questions and that He is the reason that all these morals are held in such high esteem, but they are at least doing something better than their ordinary fare.   Definitely recommended!
 This is the best damn tom cruise ever.I forgot that was tom and believed he was capt.nathan algren.this movie is a masterpiece.forget that review above and watch this instant classic.
 This is my favorite non-trilogy movie (RotK is actually my truly favorite), and while I respect anyone who loves this movie and gives it 5 stars, I must say that none of these reviews gives this movie any justice!  They tell you the basic story...an alcoholic Civil War guy...enemy...samurai!  While that is the story...there's a lot more to it than that!  What captivated me and all my friends (17 - 21 years old) was the Samurai...and, all the emotions of the story...an American kills the Red Samurai...who is the Samurai Captains Brother-in-law...he lives in the house and is cared for by the Red Samurai's widow...  Tom Cruise sees the beauty of the Samurai people and understands the honor and respect and culture and discipline of these people and realizes they are not the enemy!  He learns a lot from these people and earns their respect in many ways!  The widow...who knows Cruise killed her husband...offers the Red armor for Cruise to fight with Samurai against the Army Cruise was sent to train!  Beautiful movie in every way!  It is no way slow at any point!  When someone says this movie is "slow", it simply means they do not feel the emotion of silence and music and the visuals they see!  The battles are a very small part in the greatness of this movie!  But, the end of the last battle will have you reaching for a hanky!  The Samurai are a beautiful people!  Also recommended are Samurai books and old classic Japanese Samurai movies!  ...unless you think it'll be...slow!
 I just finished watching this movie and loved it!!!!! just as much as the first time i saw it. In memory of this movie i bought a set of samurai swords because i loved it so much
 This is a Great Movie And i love it.The price for it is cheap so it is a Must Buy!!
 I don't care if he's a little socially quirky (really what actor isn't).  I just loved this movie!  So subtly moving, and the cast was to die for!  Tom cruise is a great actor, love practically all his movies.  This movie was done exceptionally well, well done!
 This movie is NOT the sequel to Dances with Wolves! It's just the same movie except that instead of indians these are samurais!!  Of course, this movie have MORE ACTION than Dances with Wolves, more warfare, more cool fights and more blood!!! I could say that Last Samurai is better than Dances but ONLY because of the action, the story is a little predictable but still interesting.  P.S
 This movie is excellent in conveying a different and needed perspective about Japan at this period of history.  Much can be learned. Unfortunately, I am reading reviews from people that wanted a typical Tom Cruise action movie.  They were expecting a formula based on action, clever plot twists, and more action.  This does not require an effort to understand the beauty of another culture.  One reviewer complains that the Japanese actors were just being Japanese, and therefore not acting. After so many slice and dice 'em samurai movies, this one is a slice way above the rest.  Ken Watanabe starts the movie in deep meditation and having a vision.  His strong centeredness from meditation is carried through the entire film.  He did not get shaken by even the most insulting behavior from Cruise as Captain Algren.  This chemistry was special throughout the film.  This is a formula that includes real story telling, action, a demand to stretch your understanding, and more action.  Therefore, the reviews cite the action as good and the rest as bad.  I respect Tom Cruise a lot more now after seeing this movie, and knowing it became a personal project.  It does remind me of Kevin Costner and "Dances with Wolves.  I am sorry to see a less culturally open minded audience in 2004, outside of the Japanese American communities.
 As some people would rightly put this great, beautiful film as "Dances with Wolves of the East, the two people here who are being (or almost being) conquered by the Americans, as a representative of the Western "civilisation", have a lot in common. Not only the upheaval and tragic situations they had in those period, but I have found those two people's spiritual beliefs very similar to each other. Maybe that is because they both are kind of animists who believe that every things on Earth has spirit----trees, mountains, rivers, seas, rocks, etc.... Not to mention human beings and other creatures. The humans are only a part of the nature. So, like a weed grows and dies, we all are born and die. Simple.  Like the American Indians say; "It is a good day to die today.", famous book of Bushido, the Samurai code, "Hagakure says; "The ultimate Bushido is found in the way you die. Here, as well as profoundly understanding the meanings of life and death, accepting one's own life as it is is a crucial point to get through. Because you have your own purpose of life as you are born to the circumstances you were given. And it applies to everybody, not only to the Samurais. For what were you born? For what are you going to die? If you know the answer, you are ready to die in the honourable and graceful way it should be. It is not that only the deaths of Samurais in action or by Harakiri taking responsibility are honourable/graceful. Everyone who has completed his/her duty of his/her life can die in honour and grace. It doesn't mean that Samurais were crazy, trigger-happy suicidal/homicidal maniacs, though. I have to make sure here that nobody misunderstands what I am saying because sometimes some people seem to think that the Kamikaze attacks in the world war 2 were the acts of that kind of insanity. I can tell you how wrong their thoughts are. If you see this film and take it correctly, you should understand that as well.  It is a matter of readiness. Your readiness to die makes your life meaningful. Meaningful life makes your soul shine. That is every human being's purpose to be born to this world. Concuerors can destroy your home and kill you, but no one can break your spirit if you are ready to die. What Algren underwent in his battle fields in both America and Japan against and with those "savages made him know that.  After a hundred years' struggle against the powers of the Western civilisation, Japan seemed to have narrowly escaped from being colonised and subhumanised only because Japan had a large population that were ready to die for the survival of their country and their people putting themselves together tightly under the name of the Emperor. But, did she, really? "The Last Samurai made me think about where I came from and who I am. Maybe I and other modern day Japanese, who became conveniently Westernised and forgot about our spiritual roots should just stop and rethink of the meaning of life.
 First you must understand I am a huge Tom Cruise fan therefore my review may come off bias, but this is truly a great movie believe me or not! If you are a fan of epic movies (Braveheart,Gladiator, etc) then The Last Samurai is your film, and if you are a fan of the epic genre and Tom Cruise the world can get no better! This film has it all great cast, passionate and exciting storyline, and beautiful cinematography to top it off. I recommend this film to anyone and everyone, enjoy!!!
 Great transaction, product in excellent condition as promoted, prompt shipping and extra care taken with bubble wrap inside a padded envelope!  This seller is concerned that you receive product in same condition it was sent!!!  No USPO mail-mashing!
 Great performance of Tom cruise...I am not a big fan of him but I just love this movie.
 When I saw it the first time, I said, I must have that one! By this time I've seen it at least 20 times!!!
 i've seen this movie in a total of what, 100 times or somethin'. it's absolutely amazing. tom cruise was awesome. it even got me to shed a few tears when katzumoto's son died. if u haven't seen this yet, ur missin out.
 In short, great film to say the least and the music (Hans Zimmer) is excellent and blends perfectly with the movie.
 Drunken, war-weary Cruise accepts a mission to train Japanese soldiers but finds the old way more suited to his personal sense of honor. Filled with thrilling battle scenes, fabulous cinematography, and the rich culture of ancient Japan, "Last Samurai delivers on every level. Cruise's background and personal torment are glossed over a bit - this could have been explored more, and his romance with the widow of the warrior he defeats in battle is left unresolved, but this is a great adventure story. Highly recommend!
 Reading this may ruin your viewing of the movie, Last Samurai, by forwarning you of what it is about.  The latest Tom Cruise movie, The Last Samurai is a terrific movie-- portraying the role of big business in pushing for and aiding in the elimination of a native culture that was not supportive of trade and commerce, in this case, in Japan. And of course the US was there to provide and sell weapons and military training to kill the simple, less technological natives. Cruise plays a tortured yet heroic character, asurvivor of the Civil War and Indian wars who stands up to the commercial, US and japanese forces who are attempting to wipe out the last of the Samurais. He stands up to these powers because it is the right thing, the noble thing to do.  Why don't we see American warriors standing up. It is almost impossible for men and women GIs in Iraq to speak out. But where are the veterans who can see that the Iraq quagmire has been a bumbling fraud, built on lies and stupid unpreparedness. Where are the brave men and women who fought in Iraq in 1991 to free Kuwait, who should clearly see what a horrific travesty the Bush administration machinations have been.  The movie was one of the best of the year, with Oscar caliber acting, script, set, and costumes, in a season with a plethora of disappointing films. I left with a glow in my heart and feeling both inspired and disgusted-- inspired by the heroic actions Tom Cruise portrays, disgusted by the way the US government has had a history of helping in the wiping out of indigenous noble cultures.  I write this as a liberal who publishes a liberal news and opinion website op ed news dot com. I'm curious how conservatives viewed this flick.
 A beautiful movie following the same template in "Dances with Wolves". Certainly it is a bit unbelievable since one winter would not be sufficient for serious wounds of the hero to heal and for him to learn the life time practices of the warrior class, let alone become one of the best of them. But since when does realism enter into this art form? There is a nice touch in the love triangle between our hero and the wife of his fallen enemy -- and that enemy who "haunts him -- but that he comes to honor. What an interesting feature that adds marvelously to this template. What is the moral narrative of this story? Industry bad, nature good? Those who follow ancient practices good, modern science bad? But modern weapons win and the honor of fighting is lost.  This is a beautiful movie and provokes thinking.
 A very promessing film, The Last Samurai talks about something that is sacred to many of us
 Absolutely beautiful.  I have not enjoyed the few movies Cruise had done just prior to this movie (from Eyes Wide Shut on, they were pretty gross, disturbing, or just awful...and I'm a total Cruise fan).  So, hearing that he was going to be in a movie like this, I groaned and thought, "Damn.  I wish he'd done this movie five years ago.  He'll probably ruin it now.  But hey, I'm a total Japanese culture lover, so I figured I'd watch it anyway.  I thought I was disappointed with the movie when it began, because they set up the plot very slowly, and lay out a large amount of information that seems irrelevant.  But, like the quiet slice of sword through air, the pieces began to come together, and I found myself enraptured with the film.  Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)'s presence on the screen is breathtaking, as were his family and friends.  Taka, the heroine, was beautiful in her silence, and the scene with her and Tom at the end was...well, unforgettable.  Omura is excellent and, like the rest of those mentioned here, enfuses so much emotion in one gesture or expression.  Nobutada (the archer) was, I believe, my favorite character outside of Watanabe.  His final scene had me sobbing.  But I think most impressive is the way that Tom Cruise doesn't dominate this film.  It's almost as if he, like his character, is enraptured and humbled by these people, and he's purposefully pulling himself in, so that THEY shine on screen.  Overall, an absolutely spectacular film.  It's perhaps a bit too intelligent for some, a bit too poignant for others.  It is, however, a film that I hope will inspire others.  Its lessons are vast.  I only wish there were a prequel, so that I could see Katsumoto, Taka, Nobutada, and Omura more, and in all their glory.
 Besides the emense amounts of gore *do to violent war scenes* it has beautiful scenery and wonderful messages of love. At first i though that this movie would be a waste of money, but i was very wrong. Even though i hate extreme violence this movie was an exception.
 Plain and simple if you like action this movie is for you.  If you like drama this movie is for you.  If you like foriegn this movie is for you.  iTs my favorite move, and Tom Cruise is awsome in this movie.
 "The Last Samurai is one of the best movies you will ever see on DVD! A sweeping and emotional film with powerful images and an incredible storyline. An incredible story about a man who tries to find his place and ends up pleading his cause to the way of the samurai.    The best part was at the ending. It had me crying buckets of tears. This scene told me I was watching probably the best drama film ever made (besides "The Passion of The Christ").  I strongly recommend this film. It is violent, but there are a lot worse movies out there. This film is an instant masterpiece.
 A good movie to watch as it not only has historical relations to it, it has a well brought together cast as well. I'd go in depth about the movie and everything, but why repeat what everyone else said? The thing to remember is this movie is rated pretty high cause it has intense battle scenes that resemble gladiator in its gruesome display of battle lust (not that I have anything against that). The one part I didn't like but is understandable since it has japenese actors in it is that halfway through the movie they start talking in japenese and you have to read the bottom of the screen to see what they say. Now if its 2am and your tired and sitting far from the tv, that can be a problem but as i said, cruise is in japan at that time so he should speak the language as well. Just in case anyone did miss it, basically cruise is the last man left in his unit when its taken out by japanese samurais. they spare him and hold him captive in their village. soon he embraces their culture and starts to find a little peace in himself. I'd say more but that'd ruin the movie and i said i wouldn't get all into it anyways 
 This movie was the greatest movie I've ever seen, it will continue to be my favorite movie for a long time. The war sequences were far better than any other movie like 'Saving Private Ryan'. The Last Samurai had better special affects and a most intriguing story. I loved the relationship between Algren and the Samurai class, the fight for survival in the newly modernized country Japan after 1868 when Meiji's reign as Emperor began. Its quite fascinating how this story, even though the character Algren and the dealings with the Americans were fiction how this story was so well drawn out. The character that portrayed the legendary Saigo, or "Dai Saigo otherwise known as a fictional character as Katsumoto did such a dramatically important role, a role in which it took a strong will and personality to play. The honor and prestige that each warrior felt back in history was shown in the faces of the individuals that gave their time and skills into making this film historically memorable. I love to read about Japanese history, and I can say right now that they did a spectacular job in recreating the nation of Japan back in the times of Meiji. domo arigatou.....ja ne!
 Just as the ocean has shallow ends and deep ends, The Last Samurai is a film whose story, in part, lies on the surface and also lies, in part, deeper beneath the surface. At face value, you will find a tale about an old world culture (the Samurai culture) clashing with a rising, powerful modern culture (Western culture). Although this is almost certainly an oversimplification of the story, the clash-of-cultures saga played out in this movie is basically the "shallow end of the premise. In fact, the story and setting in and of themselves are merely a convenient backdrop for which to convey its actual message; which is much deeper and more interesting.  Cruise plays 7th Cavalry Army Captain, Nathan Algren. He is a troubled and tormented man who is haunted by tremendous guilt, brought on by his experiences fighting and killing American Indians circa 1876. He is generally lauded as a hero around the US, ironically admired for the very actions that precipitate his self-loathing. He is not interested in fame or accolades; he is a man who desperately wants to escape his personal demons, but is completely helpless to suffer through them. Like many people who suffer from such inescapable torment, he turns to the bottle for his salvation. Still present are the post-traumatic nightmares and flashbacks of his war-fighting days. But alas, as he tries to drown his sorrows, they do indeed learn to swim. His acquired inclination toward the excessive consumption of libations notwithstanding, he does his best to cope, however unfruitful his efforts may be.  Although he has been begrudgingly following orders to this point, he nevertheless has done his best to fulfill them dutifully. By turn of events, Algren encounters a Japanese General named Hasegawa who has a profitable offer for him. Despite his heavy drinking, Algren is eventually hired to train the Japanese army in Western warfare and to use firearms in battle against the fierce battle-experienced Samurai. Western culture is all the rage in Japan, and powerful political influences want to wipe out the old system that was influenced by the Samurai Code in order to foster a modern Japanese culture. Algren is sent to Japan and finds a group of soldiers who know nothing concerning the use of firearms. He earnestly tries to train them properly so as to prepare them for battle, but Japanese General Hasegawa is impatient with the troops' development; and much to Algren's dismay, Hasegawa orders them to begin fighting Samurai even though the troops are ill-prepared to do so.  The first battle against the Samurai is disastrous for the secular Japanese troops, and a slaughter ensues at the hands of the defiant Samurai warriors. But Algren survives the battle and winds up being surrounded by several Samurai. Algren, ever the fearless warrior, stands his ground with a ferocious vigor, showing tremendous valor and honor in displaying that he will fight until his last breath. It is here that Samurai elder and leader, Katsumoto notices Algren's impressive will to fight to the death. Katsumoto, if only out of curiosity, spares Algren's life and keeps him as a "free captive in his Samurai village until winter passes. During his stay, Algren is treated with dignity albeit an underlying distrust and resentment from the local villagers. Because of his heavy reliance on alcohol, Algren begins going through terrible symptoms of withdrawal from it, as he is weaned from the grips of his addiction. Once his head becomes clear again, he begins to learn from the Samurai villagers' ways, being influenced by their strong principles and stoic way of life. It is through their cultural mindset that he begins to free his mind from the shackles of the nightmarish suffering that has dogged his troubled mind for so long. Indeed, Captain Algren experiences the personal growth and enlightenment that changes lives and raises one's consciousness above darkness and despair. It is during this portion of the story that the "meat of the movie lies. It is here that Algren begins to see life from a different perspective. The Samurai's life is a simple one that focuses on virtues espoused by The Samurai Way; values such as honor, integrity, respect, courage, justice, wisdom, etc. The way the villagers were portrayed in the film remind me of a real-life Samurai named Yamamoto Tsunetomo, who once said in a compilation of his writings entitled "Hagakure that one should
 The last Samurai was a really good movie. It was about a Captain in the American army that went to Japan to help train men for Japans new army to fight the samurai. The Captain gets captured during a battle and stays and trains with the samurai. In the end he fights for samurai. It is really good watch it.
 EXCELLENT PRODUCT. RECEIVED IN TIMELY MANNER.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR PEOPLE WHO ENJOY ACTION MOVIE, CULTURE ,AND ROMANCE.
 Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest, are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so, where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would like to share this issue, if a true account, with other teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your earliest convenience.  Thank you.
 Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest, are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so, where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would like to share this issue, if a true account, with other teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your earliest convenience.  Thank you.
 Probably the best original historical movie, EVER.  I would even go as far as saying that it is the best movie i have ever seen in my life.  This is definately a must see, if not a must own.
 Blu-Ray Disc is not a DVD...but, they are both DISCS!  HD-DVD, which is DVD, is garbage!  It holds less than 15 Gigabytes on a single layer!  Blu-Ray holds 25 Gigs!  That's true high-definition!  The Last Samurai on HDDVD could have hardly any extra features because the movie would take up the whole space if it fit at all!  One LOTR movie would not fit on an HD-DVD!  Also, Blu-Ray made a disc that held over 30 Gigs on one side...but, didn't pursue it because they were almost finished with all their manufacturing with 25 gigs!  But, it's only time!  Besides all my facts that will in time grant Blu Ray the winner of this new movie format. The Last Samurai is great on Blu Ray!  Since I first watched this movie in the theater...I couldn't wait to watch it on Blu-Ray...I love this movie more...if that were possible!!
 I am not a Tom Cruise fan.  In fact I think he is a bit of a nut.  But...after saying that this is a good performance for him.  While the plot is fairly predictable I think it is an interesting look into a historical time period.  A transition from an ancient tradition in Japan into the modern age.  I would recommend the film to anyone who loves history.
 warner made another beautiful HD transfer.  I can't find another wrong, no grain anywhere.  Just a perfect crystal clear image from start to finish.  The cinematography will blow you away.  Would give this 6 stars if i could.  So far I find warner is the only studio willing to give HD addicts the best video quality possible.  Some studios just throw a title on blu-ray and expect us to say, thank you for releasing it.
 Brilliant performance not only from Tom Cruise but also from other Japanese actors &amp; actress. This is a relatively long movie last over 2.5 hours but you won't find a single boring scene. The Samurai's Bushido will really make you feel intense. The DVD comes with 2 discs. Movie is on the disc one and lots of extra goodies can be found from disc two. In addition to the regular features such as director's commentaries, making of the Last Samurai, and deleted scenes, etc., it also includes the Bushido's Way, Japan Premiers, and the 25 minutes documentary from History Channel
 The story focuses on a Civil War veteran named Capt. Nathan Algren ( Tom Cruise). He reluctantly agrees to train and lead an army of Japanese soldiers to defeat rebellion of the country's remaining Samurai. Unfortunately, Algren is captured in battle by the Samurai, and is held prisoner by them. The leader of the Samurai, Katsumoto ( Ken Watanabe), is interested in the American culture and wants to keep Algren alive to learn from him. As time passes, Algren comes to develop a friendship with Katsumoto. He also comes to embrace the Samurai way of life as well, and trains to become one of them, so that he can fight along side of the Samurai against the Japanese forces that oppose them. With the acception of "Mystic River", "The Last Samurai was my favorite film of 2003. For 2 1/2 hours, I was literally glued to the screen, and loving every minute of it. It has been quite some time since I have been that captivated by a film. The only downfall this film may have, is the fact that the story is almost a complete rip off of "Dances with Wolves". However, that does not make the film any less enjoyable. In fact, "The Last Samurai is almost better. The story comes across as being much more dramatic and action packed when dealing with the Samurai. They have a deeper sense of honor, and their fighting style is much more deadly. Director Edward Zick did an amazing job of capturing every aspect of the Samurai culture, from the costume designs and simple way of life, to the weaponry and fighting style. The final battle between the Samurai and the Japanese soldiers is the best I have seen since "Braveheart". The Samurai are completely outnumbered, and still manage to put up one heck of a fight. Tom Cruise gave one of the best, if not the best performance of his career. However, the best performance of the film goes to Ken Watanabe. He was flat out amazing as Katsumoto and nailed every aspect of the Samurai warrior. The film's soundtrack and scenery are extremely beautiful as well. Overall, "The Last Samurai is an amazing film. Every aspect of the Samurai way of life is captured accurately, the performances given by the actors involved were amazing, and the final battle was incredible. Also, please check out the extras listed by Amazon for this 2 Disc DVD set. From the look of things, the extras are reason enough to purchase this film. There are deleted scenes, featurettes on the making of the film, a featurette comparing real life Samurai, and more. This is definately a bonus for myself and anyone else who appreciates the film, and the Samurai in general. A solid 5 stars...
 A stunning story and modern classic!  Very well told and acted.  The sets were incredible!  The evolution of the main character was played out perfectly, and the story within the story couldn't have been better.  This is a cinematic work of art!
 This is a must have for any Bollywood film collector. The soundtrack alone is worth the investment. The film is also very interesting and should bring a smile to most anyones face.
 THIS WAS AN AWESOME MOVIE, IT WAS BETTER THAN EXPECTED.  THE DANCE SCENES WILL FOREVER BE IN MY MIND.  THIS WAS A GREAT BUY.  RECOMMEND HIGHLY.  IT'S LIKE AN OLD BOLLYWOOD FLICK BUT EVEN BETTER.
 Perhaps I have poor taste, but I was instantly hooked on this short series. So much so, I actually seeked out the original ADV release, with the three single discs and wonderful artbox (besides Bandai's magnetic artboxes, I think ADV comes in second with the sturdiest and coolest artboxes); instead of the usual black, clear or sometimes white colour case, the older ADV release came in never-before-seen-by-me light blue-like cases, which goes great with the whole dark, gothic look of the packaging; one thing good about boxed sets being released, the original material is cheaper to hunt down in the long run -- however, this double clear case 2-disc holder of this release was a nice change and surprise from the recent slimcase phenomenon that never protects the disc(s).  I also haven't read the manga, so maybe I remain ignorant; but evenso, I tend to enjoy my visual medium different than the written material, it leaves both to be special in their own right.  So I could care less if the anime takes liberty on storytelling or changes up the characters.  Crucify me.  With that being said, even after the first episode, I was attracted to and very much sucked in by the quick character development and the mysteries that shrouded around certain personalities.  I mean, come-on... an antique dealer (Lucia, a one woman Venus Vangaurd) storefront owner who takes on clients that see Virus-es (evil spirits - similar to xxxHolic) and runs a backroom where equipment is developed to fight off these corrupt souls?!?  Sign me up.  And then the sweet character girl Sumire, who at times needs to turn beserk-er (Claymore anyone?) in order to further battle the attacking Virus?  After being enthralled by such side characters as the cute soulless dolls in xxxHolic, and the battle drone soulless dolls of Murder Princess (another great 6 episode series), I was pleasantly surprised to be introduced to Laura/Lola and her twin sister... another great pair of soulless twin dolls.  Bonus.  I also have no problem with the hard-shelled bad-arse protagonist of the show ending up with somewhat of a hidden human-soft-side.  I thought the quality of animation was great, along with the recorded music and great colour palette used.  There was also just the right amount of comedic and serious moments.  The only downside to this short release?, simply wishing it was longer.
 After a lifetime of seeing ghost, young Sumire is recruited by powerful Lucia to fight demons! The gifls batttle darkness as members of the Venus. But as they discover why every life is worth saving, they also learn that they carry their own unlocked potential for evil. The Virus rages out of control, but Sumire and Lucia are prepared to give it the beating it truly deserves. Get ready its time for your vaccination.
 I love Sand Masters and wanted to buy the season in iTunes. Unfortunately it isn't available, and the season on DVD is probably cheaper anyway. If you love the show this is worth picking up.
 This video is hot! The dancers definitely did their thing and the host "Fish Patty is crazy funny! There are alot of sexy girls in this video!
 I decided I wanted to learn the autoharp. I really liked this tape better than some because it gave you the basic strums you could practice and easily put together. You must practice. The instrument is simple but takes practice to learn but after a few afternoons you will have fun strumming and picking your way thru familiar songs.
 The beginning of the video gives an important history lesson, reminding us that many of the great composers did not learn by rote lessons and first reading music.  The piano was a new invention and as such the people who first took a stab at it, played around on it.  They didn't have any music to read from at first, they hadn't even written any.  They played, experimented with chords and rhythms and combinations, got to know the keyboard inside out.  THEN they started writing down their music.   It was only after people liked what they heard the composers doing that they wanted in on the action  I want to do that too!   So companies started producing sheet music and from simple to complex arrangements that laypeople could play.  That's when piano  lessons  started.  But playing is like learning to talk.  First you learn to talk and you know the reason for language is to communicate.  You watch and listen to others around you, you mimic and emulate, practice and get it wrong a lot before you get it right.  Suddenly it becomes  natural  because you've used it EVERY day!  After that, learning to spell and to read make sense.   The premise of this instruction is that the same holds true with playing the piano.  It's drudgery starting to learn scales before you've been motivated by first making music.  Experiment first and learn to play through experiencing how the different sounds on the keyboard relate to one another.  It's an excellent foundation on which to build.   I learned a lot through this video and recommend it highly.  It provides a needed understanding on how to go about learning the piano in a way that makes it fun for life and has a casual, one on one feel to it.
 My seven year old son wanted to learn piano, so I bought a traditional piano book for children--he ended up in tears. I was searching for a way to teach him which wouldn't destroy his passion and creativity, or steal his joy of learning. While walking through the library, the title "Piano for Quitters caught my eye. Within days, my son was writing beautiful chord progressions and asking for "music practice to be added to his daily work chart so he could play the piano before his other jobs were done. Our whole family is now learning to play the piano and loving it! I am a former piano quitter--I managed to survive one year of traditional piano lessons, and tried various other piano methods, but by using Piano for Quitters (and it's sequal
 Great product!  I'm still learning to play, but this is the bible for learning to play the keyboard!  Glad it was offered on Amazon.com.  If you want to learn to play, you should try this first!
 Good plot, like the grittier feel of this installment.  Christian Bale does a good job as John Connor.  Good effects, great sound.
 I got the product very fast, good price and good conditions. In addition, the movie is the best of the best movies. thanks
 Terminator Salvation grows on you with each rewatching.  Christain Bale and Sam Worthington is great! Blair is awesome!! "I see a man", and it thinks its human.  Skynets virtual lady reveals the inner workings, while the 'it' chooses for itself. All great stuff.  I'd sign on for Christian bale-Arnie number 5, and this time with plasma's in 50 watt range..
 This movie is great, if you liked the other terminator flicks, you'll love this one. They said it was a new type of terminator this time around, and they weren't kidding.
 For those who love the Terminator franchise, this will be one more in a great line of flicks.  For those who have not followed this film series before, this will be only a decent action scifi offering.  Sam Worthington puts forth a solid performance as Marcus Wright the man who becomes machine and yet somehow remains a man.  Christian Bale's intensity as John Connor does not disappoint in communicating the weight, seemingly resting upon one man's shoulders, of saving humanity from the machine intelligence Skynet.  Great special effects including some gargantuan machines wreaking various levels of havoc make it exciting.  Terminator Salvation is a dependable addition to a movie collection for the scifi enthusiast.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I think it was the best one I saw that year.  The story was straight sci fi.  The new vision of the terminator movie has a awesome variety of terminators.  They are done from a motorcycle type to a human skeleton type to a huge space ship type.  The visuals are very dark sort of like the last 2 alien movies were done.  Also I saw the late Stan Winston worked on the movie.  I think he did a lot of special effects in the alien movies.  I think he did the alien queen in aliens.  Anyway the special effect are really well done.  I could forget about reality and just watch the screen and go to another place.  That is when the special effects are done well.  Also the world was well done and you could tell they spent the money to design many sets and have many location to keep the viewer interested.  I compare the visuals of the world to that of Alien 3 or Alien Resurection.  The music is done well and is very emotional.  It was done by Danny Elfman.  The acting and story was top notch.  It is a story of sacrifice and redemption.  The two leads Sam Worthington and Christian Bale were exceptional.  Christian Bale is always good at getting you to care for his character.  I think he is an actor that can bring out a lot of emotions for the viewer.  I thought Sam Worthington was very good at this also in this movie.  The woman Moon Bloodgood was good also and believable in her role.  Anton Yelchin was also very good in his role.  Also this movie had very mild cussing and the violence and content was not trashy or overdone.  Which I think the last terminators went overboard on this.  Recommended to families to watch with children over 13.  I think the parents won't find anything objectionable.  If you haven't seen this due to hearing that it wasn't good.  Give it a chance.  I liked it, maybe you will too.  Kevin
 I really like this movie, although didn't noticed the difference betwen the director's cut and the thretical version. So any way, liked the movie.
 I love this movie, It is intense and very action packed. I seen it in theaters and I loved every minute of it.
 I got Terminator Salvation for Christmas because I have the first 3 and need to keep the series going. (Doesn't everyone do that?)  It picks up long after the events of Terminator 3
 *Note* This review is for the theatrical version ONLY.  First thoughts...It's not bad. I was a little worried about this one because it got a PG-13 rating when the first three were all R. It was actually very good though. Here's the breakdown.  1.  Directing--Good job from McG (Catwoman). It had a very good camera job, I was impressed. 2.  Script--Good script from the same people who wrote Terminator 3, John Brancato and Michael Ferris. 3.  Acting--Very good. You have an all-star cast. Christian Bale, Sam Worthington, Anton Yelchin, and Bryce Dallas Howard. Oh, and let's not be forgetting Michael Ironside.  Now for the content review. Rated PG-13 for intense sequences of sci-fi violence and action, and language.  1.  Sex/Nudity=2/10. There is a brief scene where a terminator is shown fully nude but his genitals are blurred by smoke. 2.  Violence/Gore=8/10. Even though it got a PG-13, it is still pretty violent. 3.  Language=4/10. Least language of all the Terminator movies. A couple S-words and other profanities.  Final thoughts...Overall 5/5. I enjoyed this one far more than Terminator 3. Still, it would have been better if James Cameron directed it.
 I love you terminator. Anyways, crank the surround sound and bass! i cant wait for them to make an installment with the laser sounds because just with the bullets in this one, it sounded amazing, everything!
 I saw this Terminator movie and decided since I have that in my collection I also need to get the original movies especially since Arnold is the original machine. I was really excited at the animated Arnold in Terminator Salvation. It is so true that the movies are just not the same without him.
 This is clearly a precursor to The Sarah Conner Chronicles where people are Terminators and do not know it or are Terminators, know it, but still have emotions and old thoughts along with actual hearts and lungs, brains as well. Summer Glau does not star in this movie, however. T4 is as good or better than any of the other T movies and is action packed. Buy it if you have to mow lawns for pay!
 REALLY loved this version. Story was more cohesive than the studio suits allowed it to be in the theatrical release. McG is a fine story teller and was made more evident in this director's cut. If there is more coming,will buy that too!  MOON BLOODGOOD IS HOT in this movie!!! Love seeing her on screen.
 I recently watched this movie and I really enjoyed it.  Having seen the previous three movies, I was skeptical, but it really had good continuity; especially with the first two Terminator movies.  I think they should actually make another movie to continue this story line.  What I didn't like was the way Amazon constantly changed the price and finally bumped up the full screen addition to $24.99.  I went to ebay and bought it brand new for $9.99.  Amazon needs to be more competitive.
 This will probably turn out to be the strangest 5 star review you've ever read so bear with me. I will start out by saying I thoroughly enjoyed this movie from start to finish! I had really high expectations from the moment the initial trailer was released and I'm happy to say that I wasn't disappointed in the least. This is an action movie of the highest order! The CGI was outstanding! I have to take issue with those reviewers who claimed the CGI was not realistic. I have to disagree. I would say this is one of the more realistic CGI movies I've ever seen! The entire movie had a gritty, organic feel to it that was at once bleak and beautiful. Those of you looking for a slam bang good time filled with explosion after explosion you will be very happy.  However - and this is a BIG however - those of you looking for a movie with any kind of depth, emotion, or character development will be sorely disappointed! This ain't T2 people! The thing that made Terminator 2, and to a certain extent the original Terminator, so compelling was the depth of emotion James Cameron (absolute genius that he is) brought to his characters. The idea behind T2 was that if a machine, built for the sole purpose of death and destruction, can develop human feelings of empathy and compassion, then perhaps there is hope for all of us. The initial reviews of Terminator Salvation hinted at a similar theme
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I've seen all the Terminator movies, I don't listen to critic's, I never have. I like what I like.
 &lt;&lt;&lt; A few continuity errors (spoilers?) follow the Octothorpes >>>  Earlier this year I enjoyed "Terminator Salvation on a big-screen digital theater with a group of sci-fi friends and we all loved it. Then, being a huge fan of the Terminator franchise, I jumped at the chance to buy the 2-disc Blu-ray release. I just finished watching the "Director's Cut and must admit to you all that "I Forgot How Good This Movie Is". It is a good sci-fi story, as well as a good sci-fi movie.  But let's be realistic, it was the only sci-fi movie of 2009. "Transformers 2 was a fantasy and "Star Trek (reboot) was a futuristic soap opera with one of the poorest sci-fi plots I've ever seen in a movie theater.   #########################################################  &lt;&lt;&lt; Tiny Continuity Errors >>>  1) in both releases, there is a noticeable annoying gap between the time that John Connor "exits the rescue plane then "enters the submarine". This could have been easily fixed.  2) in the Director's Cut, the rain mysteriously stops between the time that John Connor leaves Blair Williams then returns to save her from attack by three men. This could have been easily fixed.  3) one possible plot weakness
 I thought this was a great Science Fiction film. Granted it was later surpassed by District 9 and Avatar, but this movie was the best one for the summer. It wasn't without problems, but it had a terrific atmosphere to it, a lot of innovative shots and an exciting plot which moves along nicely.  This is what I expected from this film, a sort of a prequel and a sequel that sets up the events of the apocalypse, of the Skynet fallout.  What's not to like here? The cool characters? the solid acting by Bale, Worthington, Kyle Reese, the Moon character.. the intense fighting scenes? the feeling of the great sadness... similar to that of Battlestar Galactica Reimagined? It was all quite beautiful.
 Great movie, everything I expected for a continuation of the Terminator story, and then some.  Very well done.  Highly entertaining.  The ONLY flaw is when they introduced Arnold S's terminator model (T101?)... it was clearly computer generated and looked a little fake, but not too bad.  (Humans ARE hard to do in CG, so...)  That aside, this was a GREAT movie.
 This is a great addition to the Terminator series. Great story line which sets it post Judgement Day in Western California(Los Angeles, San Francisco, places in between) But was actually all filmed in Arizona which helped with the barren desert landscape design. You also really get a good look at the many designs of machines in this film which James Cameron didn't have the time to get into detail in Judgement Day. T-1s, T-600s, T-700s, T-800s, Hunter Killers, Moto-Terminators, The Harvester, you name it...this movie has it. Now actorwise, Christian Bale(The Dark Knight) as John Conner is for sure a lot better than the guy who played John in Rise of the Machines, very bad ass with a REAL desire to kill the machines and save his father, Kyle Reese played by Anton Yelchin(Star Trek). Then...finally...Sam Worthington(Avatar) as Marcus Wright...oh my god...I tell you, if Sam Worthington didn't play this role I don't know who would have. In 2003 Marcus Wright is on death row for killing 2 cops and his brother, he donates his body to Cyberdyne after his execution for experiments. He is then awakened in 2018 as a one of a kind infiltration prototype terminator which befriends an A-10 pilot, Blair Williams played by Moon Bloodgood(Street Fighter) and a love story forms after Marcus saves her multiple times. You will find out that Marcus Wright is the key to get John Connor into Skynet to save his father from being terminated. This talented aussie actor really did a break out role in this film and is my personal favorite character. This film has non stop action, amazing actors, and great effects to make this personally one of the best Terminator films yet.
 This movie was the best movie I have seen in a while.  I will just leave it at that.  The ending you get a very cool surprise.  Can't really explain why it's good but if you like action movies and Terminators then this is the movie for you.
 I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY THIS MOVIE RECIEVED THE SHORT END OF THE STICK,ITS MY FAVORITE TERMINATOR MOVIE.GREAT ACTING ,ANTON YELCHIN ,BRICE DALLAS HOWARD,MOON BLOODGOOD,CHRISTIAN BALE,SAM WORTHINGTON,GREAT ACTORS ,,STORY & MCG DID AN AWESOME JOB.I HOPE THEY WILL MAKE ANOTHER ...BUT MOST LIKELY NOT IT TOOK OVER 2 YRS TO COME OUT .SOMETIMES PEOPLE CANT GET OVER THE ORGINAL ,I HOPE MORE PEOPLE SEE THIS MOVIE & RELISE JUST HOW GOOD IT REALLY IS
 I'm a big Terminator fan, and I loved this one no less.  Sam Worthington did a great job.  I even thought Christian Bale did a good job.  Seen in many times and will watch it many more.  "Come with me if you want to live...... I can't believe these reviews turned into rants, never knew so many people cared about the extra features. Anyway, to address the issue at hand, I happen to think that Terminator is the greatest movie franchise of all time (sorry Star Wars nerds). James Cameron did a great job on T1 and T2 and Salvation was a fantastic addition to his masterpiece (lets not mention T3). The only things missing from Salvation are the constant chase vs escape feelings and the confusion over how events fit in the puzzle of time. There are also a lot more depictions of other humans involved in the war, John Connor is not a hero yet. True fans of Terminator will notice several references to the previous editions, which I found to be funny. Note
 Got to me quick and before the scheduled Time.  Okay movie.  Plot is weak.  Action good.
 This was one of the best terminator movie yet, evryone play their part and it was just a sit down and enjoy yorself type moive, I Recommend this movie to anyone that like action pack and hold on to the edge of your set movie.
 Skynet becomes aware in 2003 and all hell breaks loose. Machines make the Earth their stomping ground for the next 18 years, while humans find themselves hunted and terminated by specially built machines. All the while, John Connor fights alongside of the Resistance, making certain that the "prophecy about his future comes true. Skynet also knows about this prediction and begins taking measure to stop this by hunting him and Kyle Reese to keep Judgment Day's purty end machine-based, building all sorts of interesting things into this now 15-year-old storyline. Then there's Marcus, the sub, the signal, and a few dozen other things that are best left to the movie to describe.  Out of all of the Terminator movies, i have to say that i liked this one the best. Instead of having one machine going after one person, we finally have the future that we had been promised. Sure, this isn't far enough for Connor to get his wings and take out the net, but it does show just how far he''s come. Scenes like those with him meeting high command also show how much skepticism is going around about him and his supposed future, but that doesn't seem to bother him. The thing he worries about is Kyle and meetting him, not to mention the fact that Skynet has the two of them on a kill list. and then there's Marcus - something that he doesn't have the slightest notion how to deal with.  One of the things i liked about the movie were the different types of machines that Skynet had built. It has collection machines, Hunter/Killers patrolling the sky, machines to kill all foot traffic, things on the road, and T-600s everywhere. We are just now up to the T-800 launch as well, and we are just now up to Skynet beginning its "dark times. so, humanity still has a fighting chance when battling and it isn't like the first movie. The fields of skulls may exist somewhere but, along with those, the humans have A-10 Warthogs and other weapons. This makes for some good fights, some interesting moral dilemmas, and some themes I wasn't expecting. It seemed like a thinking person's skynet, which I thought was interesting in the making.  If you are a fan of the series I figure you will go here anyhow. People who do not like it may want to check it out anyhow because this movie is different. It breaks a lot of cyclical bonds while still keeping the story, making it interesting. Personally, I liked it above all the others, and I even remember the first through a child's eyes - and it was something else. Recommended and then some.
 I keep seeing a lot of people calling the 3rd movie "campy", and the 2nd "the best". I think these are just everyday movie goers saying things like that. Fans of the series who like action will like T2 the best, but fans more into horror say the 1st will never be beaten. Terminator
 I'll agree with other reviewers that this will probably be a movie most will either love or hate. Personally, I loved the movie and thought it was a great followup to the other Terminator movies. Be warned, however, that if you go into this movie expecting it to be like the past films- well, you be the judge. Whereas the other films dealt with alot of storyline about the Terminators, Cyberdine and Skynet; this film does very little to push that envelope along. In its' place, all we see are alot of action sequences with different types of machines and some Terminator action but not alot. Other than that, the cast was well chosen with all giving solid performances.  The story takes place in 2018. Judgment Day has come and gone. John Conner is hard at work trying to convince the rest of the world that he is the key to their salvation from the Terminators. Marcus Wright is a death row prisoner who submits his body to experiments as penance for crimes he has committed(yet only hinted at in the movie). Awaking in 2018, Marcus discovers that the world has been destroyed and is no longer as he remembers it. Along his way, he meets up with Kyle Reese and that's where the movie pretty much starts.  While I think Termintor Salvation is a great movie, it was pretty much done in McG's over the top style of filmmaking that he did in Charlie's Angels/Charlie's Angels
 No!  This is not ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER'S Terminator.  And NO, James Cameron's hand was not involved directly with this film.  The lore of the Terminator Franchise has actually grown beyond requiring Arnold's presence or James Cameron's input, although a very good CG version of a younger & buff Governator DOES appear in the film.  I was ecstatic that we FINALLY got to see Chapters from the war of the last remnants of humanity against the machines, whereas the other films only teased us with brief glimpses of the conflict.  THIS storyline sets the stage for FUTURE chapters.  While THIS Terminator movie lacks some of the tounge & cheek dialogue that the previous movies contained, it is JUST as good in terms of action, mission, storyline, & acting performances, especially from the newcomer, Sam Worthington, who portrays Marcus Wright and actually has as much if not, more screen time than Christian Bale. I actually wondered if Christian Bales' on set tirade or political maneuvering not only resulted in lackluster reviews for THIS movie by the "Critics", but also resulted in the cancelling of one of the most intelligent and action packed sci-fi series to come along since "Firefly", "Terminator
 I really enjoyed Terminator 4 aka Terminator Salvation, and I hope that if Terminator 5 comes out, it has all the future scenes from Terminator, T2, and T3. This was a radical movie. I got to see new forms of robots that Skynet created. I thought that this movie was a nice departure from bad cyborg-good cyborg fights. it was cool to see Roland Kickinger with a CGI of Arnold's face, as Arnold played a T-800 in all 3 Terminator movies. it was freaky how the cyborg gun turret recognized Marcus Wright, but did not shoot at him, because it knew that he was a Terminator cyborg. it didn't matter to me that Arnold was not in this movie, because I got a good thrill out of it none the less.
 This movie never really never got the credit it deserved at the box office.  This is a really good action flick.  My husband said it was the best movie he'd seen in a long time (and we watch a lot of movies).  It's got non-stop edge-of-your-seat action, and I thought Christian Bale was GREAT as John Connor.  Newcomer Sam Worthington was good in this, too.  If you read the reviews, you'll see what's driving the number of stars down is the fact that people don't like it that there are extras on the blu-ray version, but not the regular dvd version.  This movie gets five stars from me.
 I waited till Dec 1 to buy this and it was AWESOME! This movie had all the elements of the Terminator movies, it had the cyborg tracking John, it had the Terminator chase scenes (again and again), it had the fiery Terminator factory end scene, YES!, it had Arnie as the Terminator and he looked very, very close to how he looked in T1/T2, it had Sarah Connor, the music, the story, the director, it was all pieced together so well and Bale makes it so believable with his angry acting, just awesome. BUY IT!
 many of the old fan hates this movie. I am young fan and like the war of future. terminator Sarah Connor chronicles made me a fan. There so much to take advantage of.  If have not watch the trailer this movie should more thrilling.  The moives does have it flaws like john Conner's wound at the end. Also it the main character Marcus really helps make the movie.
 It's difficult these days to please a sophisticated world audience.  We've seen it all and it takes a lot to move us, inspire us, make us feel the gamut of emotions and be entertained.  Yet this installment of the Terminator series does just that.  IMHO, it ranks as one of the best epic science fiction movies ever produced.  The acting is outstanding, the characters are endearing, compelling and artfully developed.  Christian Bale plays the perfect relentless and conflicted John Connor. Sam Worthington beautifully brings the brave heart of Marcus Wright to life along with the tragic circumstances of his existence.  Moon Bloodgood excels at playing the beautiful Blair Williams a woman with unflinching strength and conviction.  The sweet youthfulness and fearless persona of Anton Yelchin playing a perfect Kyle Reese along with newcomer Jadagrace Berry (Star) together make the perfect complement of innocence contrasting starkly with their life on the bleeding edge.  The special effects were first rate, along with the script, sound and pace of the movie.  If you love sci-fi, you're going to love this movie.
 I liked Terminator 1, #2 is one of my all-time favorite movies, #3 was a sad joke, and #4 is a fitting end to a wonderful series.  I liked the little details that tied in and paid tribute to the previous movies
 The director's cut runs approximately 3 minutes longer, and inserts a few new scenes, but no major plot points.  This is NOT the major unrated cut that McG has referred to in past interviews, where he suggested that 30-40 minutes of additional footage would be added.  We'll probably see that in a future edition.  Here are the major differences between the theatrical version and the director's cut (spoilers follow).  1) In the opening action scene, when John Connor is leading his unit into the flooded underground Skynet base, a T-1 terminator (nice touch from T3) suddenly appears behind them.  His men destroy it before it can do any damage.  I'm glad this scene was cut; it inadvertently breaks the tension too quickly.  2) When John pulls his little "frogman stunt", he is seated before the Resistance Command generals, and General Ashdown (Michael Ironside) berates John.  Ashdown says, "I don't believe in prophecy, not when one can re-write the future", pulls out his gun and points it at John's head.  I liked this scene, because it illustrates John's present and minor role in the Resistance, especially with Command being skeptical of his "predictions".  3) Blair Williams/Moon Bloodgood's topless scene; really just a side shot as she washes herself in the rain in a non-sexual manner, and Marcus glances at her briefly.  4) Marcus/Blair Williams/redneck fight; the action is a little longer, and a little more brutal.  Marcus stabs one of the attackers with a screwdriver, and we see the impact, as well as the victim painfully removing the screwdriver.  Also, Marcus uses another one of the attackers as a human shield against another's shotgun blast.  5) Marcus/Blair Williams campfire scene is slightly longer with additional dialogue between the two.  6) Captured humans at Skynet; when one of the prisoners attempts an escape and is shot, we see the bullet impacts.  7) John Connor's speech to fellow Resistance members to not obey Ashdown's orders to attack is extended with a few sentences about his mother.  I liked this scene, not sure why they cut it.  It ties T2 in, and shows the impact of Sarah Connor.  (Is this where Christian Bale had his stage lights tantrum?)  8) Marcus/T-800 fight scene is slightly longer, shows Marcus getting pummeled a bit more by the T-800.  Also, John tries to revive Marcus an additional time, before collapsing in exhaustion.  I would like to add that I enjoyed Terminator 4; much better than the campy T3, and just a shade under T2.  The action was definitely there, and McG included a lot of thoughtful touches from the past movies, e.g. photograph of Sarah Connor, the origin of John's scars, John's like for Guns N'Roses, Sarah Connor's taped voice recordings (actually Linda Hamilton's voice), use of and of course the Arnold cameo.  Who can say no to Michael Ironside?  What I didn't like was Blair Williams' geisha makeup which she wore during air combat.  It made no sense, and was probably one of the deleted portions.  Bryce Dallas Howard was believable as Kate Connor, but her screen time was too short.  Hopefully, a future cut will show more of her relationship with John.  Some have said that Christian Bale's performance was wooden, or that John Connor's role was overshadowed by Sam Worthington's role as Marcus Wright.  I disagree with both counts; Bale played Connor as he should have been; grizzled, scarred, gruff.  Given that we know so much already about the future and John's role from prior Terminator movies, it makes sense to have another character portray the center protagonist role.  I also liked the idea of the audience first seeing John as a minor Tech-Com officer, steadily rising through the ranks and gaining influence.  Additionally, the movie's opening and closing scenes had a poetic touch to it, which I appreciated.  Marcus begins the film about to be executed, giving his body to a cybernetic program.  The film ends with the same shots of needle plungers being depressed, albeit for a different reason.  Marcus leaves the world as a cyborg, but giving his body to a human cause.  I did have one concern about the movies; how come the Arnold T-800 didn't die when John Connor shot the molten steel onto its head?  Turns out there's a perfectly scientific explanation (McG consulted a metallurgist).  Here's McG's answer
 while in the broad view this movie progresses the plot very little it is a solid action movie and covers the plot terrifically. the action isn't over the top and any explosion scenes are executed perfectly without making it over the top. you should probably watch the first three movies to be able to pick up on the plot immediately but you can get only fine if you don't assuming you've seen the first 3 previously
 Excellent movie.  It successfully tied the three previous Terminator movies together with Salvation, all the way from Arnold to Skynet.  Great special effects, too. This is a MUST OWN MOVIE if you own and/or enjoy ANY of the three previous Terminator's.  The Arnold Terminator was a fantastic surprise when I saw the movie for the first time in the theater. The Arnold-factor alone truly solidifies a bond between all four movies.
 I have to give this five stars because I think most of the bad reviews are from one of a few types of people
 I will be the 1st to say when I saw this in theaters I left with alot of questions. But with the maximum movie mode where McG pops up every now and then and explains things and tells you the thought process for alot of scenes I finally understand how this one fits the other 3. Still I think only the true die hard fans of  the Terminator movies will appreciate  this movie.
 I liked the movie it goes along with the story and they even brought back the original terminator "Arnold Schwarzenegger. A lot of action and destruction so if your a guy like me which loves vilence then this a good movie to see if you haven't seen it.
 OK, this a must own, I enjoy this movie as much as I enjoy the whole series. Finally we are in the future. The fight is never over.
 Saludos! Para las personas que quedaron decepcionadas con la ultima entrega (me incluyo) de las pel&iacute;culas de terminator llega esta nueva que revive esta gran saga
 The director's cut is better than the original but did not have as much added back as I would have liked and I personally think the special features would have fitted on the movie disk. This movie could have been better if it had more scenes added back in or at the least more special features.
 I actually liked this movie... Of course im used to seeing Arnold in these series. But, the story line of this movie kept me interested enough to keep watching. It's definitly worth watching!
 If you have liked even one of the Terminators, then you will like this one.  My favorite of them all.
 imagen 5/5 audio 5/5 extras 4/5 los extras no tienen sub esp audio frances ingles sub esp frances ingles
 After seeing this film in theaters I immediately drew a comparison to Blade Runner.  That film was released at a time where critics complained about the lack of a strong narrative and not enough substance.  I think this film befell a similar fate and was widely dismissed upon release.  Well I loved every minute of this film from the opening frame and waited over 6 months for the Blu-ray release.  This movie is not only highly entertaining but also touches upon the ideas that make us human.  I think after the Cristian Bale rant was somehow released a lot of the critics and audiences failed to appreciate his performance and considered this movie to be a mindless action film.  It's funny that the Transformers movie came out a little after this movie and was really panned (rightly so) for being a mindless exercise.  This film at least builds upon the previous mythology and creates several new interesting characters such as the Sam Worthington character who is only looking for a second chance.  At the end of the day I think in years to come this film will be given a second chance and will be appreciated for it's strong narrative, brilliant casting, wonderful cinematography, creative action scenes and strong direction.  Ever since the first Terminator film I have waited for another dark mythology driven fantasy of a future that is always a possibility.  We must never forget what makes us human.
 i love this movie in the teather, but in blue ray is more detailed and with an excelent sound you will centanly enjoy
 This was a gift for my son-in-law for Christmas and I got it for a super price because I pre-ordered it on Amazon as a gift. Thank you Amazon
 Hello !, I received this B-RD in time and not damage, cheers!. Best regards
 I just seen this movie about 4 days ago. Its a really good movie, and honestly the best out of the Terminator series. Definitly a movie worth buying. SO GET IT LOL.
 I'm a Terminator fan and like all the movies and I wasn't disappointed with this one for sure.  It was also at a very reasonable price through Amazon especially since it had just come out on DVD.  I'm happy with my experience.
 Terminator Salvation was predictable and mostly unrealistic.  However, there was a gritty emotional component to the movie and storyline that just worked enabling you to connect to the characters.  As a result, it was a darn good movie.
 great continuation of the Terminator saga.. Salvation should of came right after T2-JD, but at least we have it now! love it, love it!!
 I gave this to my son-in-law for Christmas.  This was what he had asked for.  He's watched it and enjoys it.  Shipping was immediate and the DVD was in perfect working order.  This is the place to buy.  Never a problem.
 the product arrived way before the deadline in perfect condition, I would say NEW or like new.
 A terminator that is not advertise the star of the show ,but really brings the story in a better level than the other terminators . To all of these people Bravo !!! GOOD JOB.
 THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WERE OKAY HOWEVER, PREVIOUS MOVIES WERE AT ANOTHER LEVEL. MOVIE SEEMED DARKER THAN NEEDED BUT ACTING OFFSET SOME OF IT, WOULD RECCOMEND THIS MOVIE TO OTHERS.
 This is a terrific movie for a loyal follower of the Terminator Series. Christian Bale does a fantastic job in his role as John Conner. Intense, gripping and hold onto your seat action. Excellent sequel. I do hope he does a second movie as the same character.  One of best things was the delivery of this movie to my home. Ordered it on Friday morning and was watching it the next day! Cudos Amazon!!!
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he has already watched it 4 times. Looks great on his new bluray player. He said it's even better than watching it in the theater.
 This movie is nowhere near bad as people say it is. It isn't even near bad period!  Now some may have had different expectations going into it of what it would be, but that's their own fault. The movie is awesome.
 great pic that fills the gap, and like the other films has the terminator as the savior
 Being a loyal fan of THE best terminator of the series (the first one) and having seen the sequels; I set my expectation levels very low for this one; particularly because of the PG-13 rating which reaked of pandering to the mainstream.  I have to say... I was shockingly surprised at how enjoyable this movie turned out to be. I don't have to mention how amazing the action sequences were but they were some of the best I've ever seen in any movie. While a few reviews mention the story and editing being choppy, I would have to agree only with the editing. The story linked the past sequels surprisingly well while at the same time creating an alternate future with a whole new subplot involving a whole new character. If you know your T- Series movies.. you know what I am talking about. Little touches throughout the movie added to the nastalgia such as the GNR moment, Arnold coming back (sort of) as the original terminator which looked so real. They literally took shots of the original movie to put arnold back in this movie so he looked just as he did in 1984. Even the scar on John Connor's face (which is in a future scene on T2) was added in the movie when he was scratched by the terminator. Little touches for fans like us made the movie that much more fun to watch.  I have to compliment the actors as well. I trully believed these characters would become the actors in the earlier movies especially Kyle Reese. Although, I found myself scratching my head with the little girl who added absolutely no value in the past sequels or this movie's story line.  This movie is a must see for T fans and new fans since it can also be watched as a stand alone movie. I was truly surprised at how much fun I had watching this movie, even though it's the first to tone it down with a PG 13 rating. I really wish they would have made it darker and grittier by making an R rating but it does rank as my second favorite in the series.
 I've seen this Blu-ray twice, Director's Cut once. The extra three minutes isn't much, but it does add a bit of smoothness to the story. If an extended version ever comes out (late 2010?) I'll be there to get my copy. I also read most of the complaints about this movie in between my two viewings. It didn't make any difference. Thankfully this movie doesn't remind me of T2 that much. Instead I think of Blade Runner and the recent TV series Battlestar Galactica. These are all treatments of similar ideas (replicant androids, and/or dominant robots) which I really enjoy.  I'm happy with the story, the casting, the acting ability of the cast, and the state-of-the-art production quality; AND the design and visual concepts, special effects, music, etc., etc. Considering the 118 minute running time, I don't see where a minute was wasted in telling the tale. Some of the complaints I've been reading here are about what more explanation the story needs. The-Powers-That-Be have cut it to its current length. We'll have to wait for a longer version.  I don't get all the complaining! One person says there are too many characters and the scope is too large; but T4 is a world war. Other people refer to the original films as being better somehow, and I heartily DISAGREE. I confess! I've never liked Arnold's Austrian-accented "witticisms", and I also did not enjoy him as a "good guy in T2. T1 was better, but that was a long time ago. Now that everybody has been schooled on the foundations of the Terminator saga, it's time to step up to the next level of the story. T4's director, McG, did just that, and very well, IMO.
 Ordered this for my husband for Christmas - he was very excited!  Exactly what I ordered and I received it very quickly!
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 One of the best movies to come out of 2009, Terminator Salvation was exactly what the franchise needed to reinvigorate itself.  2003's Terminator 3 did for this franchise what the Maginot Line did for France in WWII
 I have to disagree with the critics when they cut this film down.  First off, yes, they will probably never make a terminator film as good as T2 again.  However, this film was very entertaining.  It was a really nice spin to add another substantial character to the mix.  The story was good, special affects amazing and acting was great.  The action sequences were nicely done as well.  The Blu Ray looked just as good as I remember in the theater and comes with a nice amount of extras considering the cheap price it's selling for.  Don't expect alot from the added three minutes.  There were a couple small scenes I noticed and the rest were indiscernible.  Looking forward to T5.
 I dont care what naysayers or even critics who get paid to criticize the film, this IS a worthy sequel. Sure it aint the same without Arnold being there throughout the movie but ever since watching flashbacks of the future war in the previous installments, id say it was about time that someone made a film that shows what happens next after judgement day happend. If you watch closely, you would notice more than one homage to the first two films. From seeing the ruins of observation area where the first terminator arrived in T1, Marcus showing Reese how to handle a shotgun by tying a string to it which Reese did in T1 to help hide his gun in his trenchcoat, to a similar chase scene with a truck & the motor-terminators lookin like the first chace scene in T2, and even John Connor playin ( You Could Be Mine) by Gun's N Roses to lower a motor-terminator into a trap etc. Anton Yelchin really impressed me as a young Kyle Reese throughout the film just as Sam Worthington played a great cyborg who later finds out he's a pawn to eliminate mankind. Christian Bale pulled off John Connor well himself. As for Moon Bloodgood, Common, & Bryce Dallas Howard i would say it was unfair to discredit them when they didnt get that much screen time. But anyways, if you're a true terminator fan you will enjoy this film. Especially the climax that leaves you wondering what awaits John connor in further battles. Keep in mind that the film takes place in the early years of the war and if you still dont like it, stick to the Terminator
 What a great film! Blu ray is awesome! Not only great film and sound but tons of extra's that give a great couple hours enjoyment.
 First of all I absolutely LOVED the 1st movie, *kinda* liked the 2nd, and DESPISED the 3rd. I don't actually care why other people gave this movie bad reviews (to each his/her own) but I have had someone tell me they thought Terminator Salvation was "too dark".  Well yeah... That's the type of movie it's meant to be--post-apocalyptic and all. This was the future I've been hungry to see ever since Reese's flash-backs from the 1st movie and I'm glad it wasn't just another excuse to show off some cute smart-mouthed kid actor, etc... This one was gritty, which is really something I happen to dig in sci-fi movies.  Sometimes the reviews don't do justice. See it for yourself and decide whether or not you like Pepsi ads and Guns n Roses or a dark, moody thriller and, uh, more Guns n Roses...
 The Terminator Saga has been one of the most recognizable in science-fiction film lore and for good reason. The idea of timeline manipulation and the impending machine rebellion (which we all know is coming, right? 
 This movie was really good.  Confused how so many did not give it a good rating on Yahoo and other sites.  I am impressed.
 Didn't even know about this addition to the series until I was looking at them on Amazon.  Will enjoy watching it with the rest of the series
 Please describe the audio/video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.  The video quality was excellent.  The item description above says it is 2.40
 THIS WAS A VERY GOOD MOVIE AND I HAVE EVEN GIVEN IT OUT TO MY FRIENDS TO WATCH IT. CHRISTIAN BALE WAS THE RIGHT CHOICE TO BE JOHN CONNOR.
 As soon as I found out they were making another Terminator I was like "oh. no! Not again! I loved the first two movies (Classic scfi), but the third movie was less than exceptional. When I learned however, that Christian Bale would play John Connor, my attention was grabbed. Suddenly I wanted to see it. So, saw it in the theatre and not only was it good, it was great! To my additional suprise Sam Worthington (whom I had never seen before) in my opion was as good (if not better than) Christian Bale in his role as Marcus Wright. His character was so believable, you find yourself cheering him on, wanting him to survive. MCG did an excellent job with this movie! By the time the credits rolled, I was hoping MCG and Bale would team up for another go. I pre-ordered the DVD I liked it that much!
 Great movie, great price. I really like the movie, I went to see it in theatres and then bought this one. The video quality is amazing and the movie is awesome. No regrets.
 We rented the movie (video on demand) and loved it. We stopped it 45 minutes into the movie to refresh our drinks.....it felt like only 15 minutes had passed. Definitely worth the rental !
 I saw it thinking it was going to be so terrible. Do not listen to reviewers. They think it was terrible. I liked it better than the originals. The action was great, storyline was actually pretty good, and the acting was terrific. I only found it to be a little short because I didn't want it to stop.  Action
 Im am a huge Terminator fan, and have seen all the movies more than twice, and I have to say this is the BEST of the whole series!!! The movie is action packed and has a sloid plot, with many twists and turns, that leave you guessing throughout the whole movie. Christian Bale And Sam Worthington in my opinion both played an excillent role in the movie. I won't really tell the plot for those of you who have never seen it, but all i'll say is that it takes place a few years after Terminator 3, and Skynet has terminated half of the human race, now creating different types, and models of Terminators to destroy those who survived the deadly attack, now called the Resistance. Buit when Skynet produces it's deadlyest Terminator model yet, the fate of the world is again in the hands of John Connor, and a few freinds, oh and lets just say...lol....Arnold's Back. 5/5!
 this is a great movie, of course it is not a james cameron movie, it is not supposed to be!!! but it was so much more entertaining than the other terminators. we loved it, promise you will not be dissapointed, cool action futuristic movie!!
 AWESOME addition to the series 
 this movie is the best ever seen. we been waiting a long time for this particular moment. and now its here.
 product was in excellent condition. shop with confidence. would buy from this seller again.
 Blu Ray is the only way to watch this movie...excellent sound with surround sound setup and the picture is extra crisp.
 MY FAMILY AND I LOVED THIS MOVIE. IT WAS THE BEST ONE YET..FULL OF ACTION AND ENTERTAINMENT.. TWO THUMBS UP..
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 Terminator Salvation is an extremely beautiful action movie. We finally get an entire movie based around the future war. Not only do we get to see the classic terminators, but we get a ton of fascinating new implements of Skynet. Watching this movie on Blu-Ray will be an amazing experience.
 Got this DVD some time ago from Amazon but wasn't able to review it until now.  The director's cut is not much different then the regular version but the extras are very nice additions. I'd reccomend this to anyone who liked the film but have not bought the DVD.
 Some spoilers follow...  I really expected a bad movie considering it was "Charlie's Angels McG at the helm, but it actually had the same "B movie feeling the other three had...he could use a little help in the story editing department (the flow was a little clunky here and there...almost like stuff was missing), but the script seemed solid enough to me. Like most movies these days, I'm sure there is a great deal of footage on the floor so to speak, that could end up being an extended version of this that could possibly clarify things a bit.  The production was outstanding...this will a great demo disc on BR, especially with the sound design...very layered and intense. The special effects were great and everything from sets to make-up to costumes and photography was a step up from the earlier films, giving it an epic feel. It has a gritty look to the action that suits the setting and story perfectly. The physical action were really well done...again, adding an intense realism to the movie without being over the top.  Stand-outs include the sensational "Harvester chase scene and both times Conner is in a chopper...watch out!  Another surprise here is the choice of Danny Elfman, and his score sounds quite good...a little too reminiscent of his work on Marky Mark's Ape flick maybe, but it still works none the less....he gives the music a more traditional orchestral sound opposed to the over-use of synthesizers that many action films rely on these days. It was cool to hear Fidel's main motif pop in once in a while at just the right times. There's an interesting recurring motif for the Marcus character that reminds me of Ron Grainer's work on "The Omega Man", further adding to that cool `70's apocalyptic vibe that parts of this movie has.  Now the cast...as mentioned by many other reviews, this is definitely Sam Worthington's show...the story invests a lot of time in Marcus' journey through the film an it helps that Worthington does a really good job with his physical performance (especially with those little nods to Arnold's "stillness along the way) and he comes across well acting-wise too. I found his struggle with what he really was provided the most poignant moments in the movie...a man trapped in a new existence as a Terminator, fighting to stay connected with his flawed humanity and looking for some kind of redemption for his own past and ending up providing a "salvation for the resistance and it's new leader....cool stuff and an interesting twist on the whole "Terminator story.  Bale was almost a supporting actor in this thing...he was competent, but not outstanding. Again, his role could have been sabotaged by the script and the editing as much as anything... Compared to Marcus, Bale's John Conner seemed a little one-note with his performance throughout the film. Could be considered the nature of his character here but... There were some cool moments with him though, like when he pops on that GnR tune before capturing the MotoTerminator that brought back memories of the Connor character's motorbike stunts in T2. I also liked that it was pretty clear that not everyone in the resistance (most notably the higher-ups) though he was "all that", but the grunts in the trenches did...gave him an everyman appeal that was pretty cool.  Another show-stealer was Anton Yelchin as Kyle Reese...this young man is proving to be quite the chameleon as an actor this summer, first in "Star Trek as the precocious boy-genius Chekov and now here he is almost literally channeling Michael Biehn (right down to talking through clenched teeth) as the young resistance fighter Reese.  Both of the female characters are a little short-shifted here, but both Howard and Bloodgood do a good job in the brief scenes they have.  Like the recent "Star Trek picture, this one had a lot of visual nods (and some obvious lines) to the earlier films, from the cool opening credits looking similar to the ones the first film to a lot of physical gags from other movies as well, especially with Marcus. The action sequences were well-staged and packed some punch. And yes, the Arnold cameo featured some excellent work from ILM...very well integrated both visually and in the story....very cool. The ending? Well, I'll just leave it at...I like what the film presented way better than the "leaked one....yeah, maybe it seemed a little sappy to some, but I though it fit well.  The main thing that really shines though in this movie for me is that it really looks like an effort by folks that really cared about the Terminator saga and wanted to do a great job. As with any of these "franchise movies, there are always fans who disagree with the approach taken with the film or story elements or casting choices or whatever. But it works great for me...I hope this movie finds a big, receptive audience on DVD and Blu-Ray...  But...if this ends up being the end of the line for the Terminator saga (and the slowing domestic BO suggests it might be)...it's a good one, but I'm game for more...
 I just don't get the negative reviews. I refused to watch it because of the many bad reviews. I finally decided to watch it last night. I was expecting a lousy flick. What a pleasant surprise. This movie is great. Almost as good as the first Terminator but definately better than parts two and three. If you don't like this movie you just can't appreciate originality and great action. 10 STARS OUT OF 10!
 Already had a DVD of this movie...bought the Blu ray for the improved video quality.  I was not disappointed. The video quality on this Blu ray is excellent and consistent throughout the movie (tested on a 60 inch plasma HDTV).  Highly recommend if you are looking for improved video quality.
 I have been hooked on the Terminator series since the 1st and this one did not disappoint at all.  Special effects and the acting were excellent!  Christain Bale never lets me down - he has become one of my favorite actors ever since American Psycho.
 I have not been ale to watch the movie. The seller clearly posted this as HD, but I was too dumb to know the difference. I have no way to play this disc but that's all on me. The seller posted it correctly. I was just to hurried and did not pay attention. Since it's my error, I never asked about returning it. I'll try to resell it or just donate it if I have too.
 awesome film, better then T3 and problem was storylines but this was doing the writer strike, other then that awesome movie
 Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.
 It goes without saying that the "best Terminator film was the first, simply because it *was* the first! There is something to be said for originality, after all. Still I am far more impressed with "Terminator Salvation for a couple of reasons
 If you like the Terminator Series, this movie is a must. It is a very good story line with excellent effects. There's only one part of the movie that I thought was a little "cheesy, but that's my opinion. I know what the reasoning behind it was, but I think it was just unnecessary. I won't say what it is because I do not want to spoil it.
 To the action lover this movie will be greatly appreciated. I think that even those who are not so much impressed with action films will like this one.
 They finally changed it up from the "a new terminator is trying to kill you and I'm here to protect you scenario.  Good special effects and good story to entertain.
 Christian Bale out did himself as John Conner in this 4th extension of the Terminator Saga with a Dark side never seen before! There was no mercy or compassion for the proto type Terminator Marcus Right until that proto type gave up his life for John Conner. I was completely surprised at the ending of this movie and amazed at its impact on my own thinking!  Excellent story line and drama with the best visual effects seen since T-2  Th<a href="http
 Wow, Terminator Salvation is actually a really exciting movie!  I went in already a big fan of the original three Terminator films, but Terminator Salvation really does a fantastic job continuing with the series.  It's not a secondrate or cheesy attempt in comparison to the previous three Terminator films either- it's actually really darn good.  I admit I mostly like the Terminator films because, well first of all, they are action-packed in a way that's pretty easy to understand and follow.  I simply *enjoy* them.  I know what's going on.  It's not science fiction created in a completely confusing way.  The storyline is what it is- machines are designed to kill humans and take over the world.  Secondly, I feel a LOT of tension whenever I think about humans trying to run away from an enormous, dangerous machine created for the sole purpose of destroying anybody that moves.  I can't tell you how many dreams I've had where I was running and hiding as much as I could ONLY for a huge machine to suddenly show up and force me to continue running.  I love it!  As for Terminator Salvation, there's some really cool additions to the machine creatures.  I really fell in love with the robot snakes (as I like to call them, hehe).  They are actually huge metal claws that hide in the water.  Also, let's not forget the scene out in the desert with that HUGE machine that actually has motorcycles stored as a last resort inside his legs (I kid you not!).  Apparently whenever someone is out of shooting distance for this particular machine, he opens up his legs and sends machines on motorcycles after them.  Awesome!  The storyline is typical affair however.  You *know* what to expect.  There's nothing especially hard to grasp about what's taking place.  Overall, with todays technology and the way Hollywood delivers action flicks these days, the action scenes involving the robots going ballistic is just incredible and seems more believable now than it did in years past.  The same remains true here.  Great movie.
 I went into this flick expecting a big, fat flop.  But what I got was a suspenseful, informative movie with a driving plot, exceptional acting, and a few splashes of memories of sweet days gone by.  I am SO glad that Christian Bale signed up for this one.  His presence was the kicker.  Many movies that are at the fourth installment are bashed by critics and slammed by the masses before they even reach the public eye.  These movies are destined to fail simply because they are preternaturally steeped in "sequel doom and, therefore, expected to fail.  With Christian being there, you know that the entire production team was aiming for quality, and they did not disappoint.  There were many edge-of-your seat moments and plenty of pure suspense to go around.  Even though the scene with Ah-nold in it was computer generated, it was awesome to see him again in a movie.  Actually, it was a bit bittersweet.  Because of the success of "Terminator
 Back in 2003 as I was driving with my Mom from seeing Terminator 3
 I have been waiting for a 4th Terminator film for six years, and I'm glad I finally got it! It had a great storyline, great actors, great special effects, and a great direction! In the year 2003, Marcus Wright is on death row and sign his body over to Skynet for medical research. 15 years later, John Connor is the leader of the Resistance against the machines. He finds out that he is on Skynet's hit list along with his father, Kyle Reese, who is a teenager. Marcus is back and meets Kyle and Star. They try to get to John Connor, but Kyle and Star are captured by a machine and taken prisoner. Marcus reaches John and his crew to tell him about Kyle. We soon find out that Marcus is a terminator who thinks he is human. Marcus helps John by going into the heart of Skynet's headquarters and disable its defenses so John can save Kyle Reese and the other prisoners. They must battle some tough Terminators in order to make it out alive. I highly recommend TERMINATOR SALVATION!!!
 (**Contains minor spoilers**)  First off, this is not Arnold's Terminator. If you're expecting the same thing as the first three, you'll be disappointed by this movie. Nor is it a serious philosophical work. It is simply a continuation of the first three, from a somewhat different -- but not contradictory -- light.  The story follows John Connor and Marucs Wright, two very different individuals whose fates nonetheless seem intertwined. Connor leads a raid against one of Skynet's prisoner-holding facilities; in the process, many die. Connor makes it out alive, but so does someone else...Wright, who was being held in the facility, emerges a few minutes after Connor is extricated. Thus begins a long, twisted path on which both men embark. Along the way, they find themselves on the same team -- often doubting the other's intentions -- and yet at odds when the dark secret of Wright's resurrection -- after his execution before Judgment Day -- comes to light.  Meanwhile, they learn that Skynet is using them both to ensnare Connor as well as Kyle Reese, in order to manipulate history in their own favor; at the same time, Skynet is manipulating the Resistance itself, offering up a sort of "Trojan Horse in order to take out high command.  There are many twists and turns along the rocky road to "Salvation -- personal, and of the Resistance -- but both men make the journey. In the end, one will sacrifice all to give the other a chance at life.  Now, aside from my brief retelling (trying not to give away too much), my opinion. It's very well done, and highly enjoyable, to me at least. Obviously, there are many who disagree. But I enjoyed the twists and turns, and actually saw the movie several times while it was playing at my local theater. Would I recommend seeing it before you buy it? Yes, if for no other reason because so many are so disappointed in it. I, however, think it is one of the best, if not the best, in the series -- certainly better than 2 and 3 imho. Keep in mind that my parents were from the generation that saw and loved the first two in theaters, and I'm not; and, frankly, I don't know how much my Dad -- who loved the first -- would care for this one. I approach this having seen the first two around when T3 (which I wasn't terribly fond of) came out.  Also, this is best seen more than once to make certain that you catch everything; for a "light movie (which it certainly is), it tends to jump about, and make sudden detours. Not unpleasantly, to me at least, but there it is. My advice? See it with an open mind, and don't expect a masterpiece. If you do, you might like it; I personally thought it was awesome.
 "Terminator Salvation is the beginning of a new saga in the "Terminator franchise which begun in 1984 with James Cameron's hit "The Terminator". Directed by McG, this takes place fifteen years after the events of "Terminator
 After seeing so many really-bad and so-so "blockbuster movies recently, I was extremely pleased with this one.  Highly recommended.  Oh, the blu-ray treatment is top-notch too.
 good cast, good story, great effects. good to watch in order..   ... ... ... ... .... .... ... ... ..
 Outstanding; much more substance compared to other Terminators; acting on a much higher level due to Christian Bale.  The most satisfying of all, now for Terminator-Victory!
 I almost didn't watch this movie because I could never stomach Christian Bale & by the time I was finished watching it, I had totally changed my mind about him!! I now LOVE him but especially adore Sam Worthington!! This was top notch special effects & amazing acting by all in the movie. The story line was fantastic and well written also. I think I have watched this at least 20 times already and I never get sick of it! I totally recommend this to add to your "Terminator collection.
 Terminator salvation is one of the best movies. I was happy to find it avaliable to download. I watch it almost every week.
 It is what you would expect, but in a good way, for those who are interested in the action/drama genre
 I loved this movie when I saw it on the big screen.  I still love it now.  Great movie, ton of action and great acting.  If you love buying action movies, this one is one to buy.
 The emphasis on story may be gone but the gritty style of this movie will leave you yearning for a more worthy succesor to the terminator films.
 I just finished watching this movie with hubby an hour ago for the first time. I never seen or new there was a Terminator 4. I just new about Terminator 1 and 2. When I looked up 1 and 2 to order off of Amazon I found out about 3 and 4. I now have all 4 Terminators. I've been watching each one in order the past few days. And I think Terminator 4 is a good movie. I don't think it is the best Terminator. The 3rd Terminator is the best one, but I enjoyed it just as much as the other three.
 This video is awesome. Remy, Juelz Santana, and Ne-Yo perform their hip-hop and R&B hits at The Roseland Ballroom in NYC and tears up the stage. There are also many new talented artists who are interviewed and music videos. I love The Spot Review show! It's like a breath of fresh air. If you are tired of seeing the same faces in the music industry on TV, you need to check out this show.
 Beethoven Symphonies Nos. 4 & 7, Coriolan Overture Vladimir Jurowski, conductor Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment Theatre des Champs-Elysees EuroArts Blu-ray Disc  In my opinion, this disc illustrates once again why Maestro Jurowski is earning a reputation as one of the premier orchestra and opera conductors of today.  The three Beethoven works performed on this disc are examples of classical music-making at its very best, with tempos and dynamic shadings that are spot on.  In addition, the use of period instruments and a small-scaled orchestra provide listeners a clarity of detail, textures, colors, and harmonies that are quite beautiful.  Noteworthy also are those occasional passages where the tympani and/or horns are featured.  In these particular passages, these accent instruments are heard to better advantage than one normally encounters, and the effect is impressive.  And finally it should be pointed out that the introduction (and subsequent playings) of the main theme of the last movement of the 7th symphony are truly wonderful.  This is primarily due to the violinists use of a style of bowing known as (I think) "spiccato"---a bowing technique that gives the music a bit more "bite and definition than one usually hears.  To me, hearing the theme played this way is exactly the way it was meant to be heard.  Both the picture and sound quality of this Blu-ray disc are excellent.
 From the very first bars of the Coriolan Overture, it is apparent that this is Beethoven at his very best. Vladimir Jurowski and his absolutely brilliant Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment give us a new reading of old favorites that may well blow you out of your chair. There is plenty to discover
 This is a sharply etched set of Beethoven works as played by an orchestra using instruments typical of Beethoven's period under the firm and disciplined direction of the young Russian conductor Vladimir Jurowski.  Many will associate Jurowski with successful performances of opera where there is generally a strong dramatic impulse to the interpretations, frequently up-tempo choices of speeds and generally tight control. This often leads to exciting results within the theatre world. The question therefore must be, how does he fare in standard concert works such as these?  In my opinion he does very well indeed and along expected lines. The concert starts with a grippingly taut performance of the Coriolan Overture. This is followed by an equally tight and dramatic account of the 4th symphony with sharp articulation from the orchestra at generally crisp speeds. Drama is accentuated by prominent timpani with hard sticks and cuttingly forceful brass. This is not a comfortable concept, but Beethoven himself was not a comfortable character either.  The concert concludes with a strikingly dramatic performance of the popular 7th symphony that follows all the previous characteristics with the exception of the speed chosen for the last movement. This `apotheosis of the dance' is taken at a relatively steady speed which, on first hearing, came as rather a disappointment to me - but definitely not to the rapturous audience. However upon further hearing it became clear that the chosen speed, which was adhered to with remarkable consistency, was exactly right in enabling the vital concluding bars with blaring horns to truly hit home with precise articulation and power - the overwhelming effect that Beethoven surely had in mind at the time of writing.  So for me this is a very fine and convincing disc of `period' Beethoven performances. Taken on its own terms it is probably unlikely to be bettered in terms of drama, accuracy of performance and period style. It is certainly a far cry from the alternative viewpoint taken by Thielemann with the VPO for example. There should perhaps be room for both concepts.  The recording is exceptionally fine in so far as the sound fully captures the energetic `rawness' of the intended sound. This is backed up by dramatically sympathetic camera work that manages to be detailed without being invasive.  In my opinion therefore, this warrants the full 5 stars. However, if you like Beethoven to be big and sumptuous you may not like it and would be best advised to search elsewhere for musical satisfaction.
 There are of course numerous authoritative readings of the pieces recorded in this DVD. The Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment, however, is a period instrumental ensemble.  There are some people who adamantly refuses to accept any 'period' performance of Beethoven's grand symphonies. I approachded this disc with reservation myself, but the performance as recorded quickly dispelled any of my remaining concern. The recorded sound is very good.  I first played the disc without viewing, and was rapturous of the accoustics, and much more so as I listened further by the performance. Jurowski has a good credential as an opera conductor.  He is in charge currently of the Glyndebourne Festival, and has conducted at Italy, Germany, USA, and at large opera houses, even the MET, all to critical acclaim. Perhaps it is time to acknowledge that this musician's strength lies not only in opera.  The wonderful pianist Sviastoslav Richter began his pianistic career doing piano rehearsals for opera houses.  Nobody termed the legendary Richter an 'opera pianist'.  What is in the operas, often goes into a composer's instrumental music, W A Mozart is a clear example to boot. The conducting of Jurowski is clearly dramatic, but at the same time totally idiomatic. You will not find a Beethoven that is like Wagner. Having watched him live, Vladimir is clearly one of those 'conducting before the music' conductors. For young conducting talents, the No. 7 Symphony here reminds me of Guido Cantelli's own stereo recording of this masterpiece, a performance that is totally youthful and energised.  Jurowski and the OAE comes really close to that legendary reading.
 This documentary is very interesting and I recommend it. It does a good job of showing the lives of various trans-men. It deals with the struggles they each had to face as parents transitioning from female to male and mommy to daddy.
 I think this is the most underrated movie I know of. And I frankly don't understand why it's not a major hit readily available on DVD. It's very well directed and cast -- I especially like Giancarlo Giannini (sp?), but Conti and Olmos and others were great too. However, the real power of the movie derives from the quality of Celia Gittelson's story. It's intelligent, warm-hearted, deep, and very funny. I watch it on sad evenings before I fall off to sleep, and life's not so bad.  I can't help using this as a forum to explain what I see in the movie.  The Pope grows heavy from being an abstraction -- longs to return to the life of a priest where he can do some concrete good for concrete people. And suddenly he finds himself with an opportunity to wander in the world incognito.  This of course leaves room for all kinds of hysterical lines by people who don't know who he is ("You can go straight to hell. Who do you think you are? or "Maybe he's a priest? "Naw, a priest would tell us we go to hell for this."), and how his friends at the Vatican try to cover for him ("You got a job?... With all due respect, your Holiness, can't these villagers sort their own rags?")  And there's one concrete thing that he wants to do. He -- the most significant -- is guided to it, by one of the most insignificant a deaf girl from a small village (Isabella) who has taken the step of leaving her home to find him... and this act somehow demands that he respond.  It's the story of how the Christ figure (who I regard as our own true self) comes to earth and lives among us; how he works; what doubts, fears and confusions he has; what matters to him; what effect he has on various types of people. It's an explanation of the mechanism whereby mankind is redeemed.  The mechanism is to go to a place where people are defeated, take on some arbitrary project which represents a positive step, and simply act. The extent to which you know what you're doing is irrelevant. What matters is the intention.  The Pope chooses in this defeated village to rebuild the aqueduct. He knows nothing about construction. And as none of the important people -- the adult males -- will help, he gets his help from those whom society deems insignificant -- orphaned children, widows.  And then you see the incredibly venomous and destructive reaction which his actions evoke in the negative forces in the society. They begin by burning the partially reconstructed aqueduct. At this point Isabella's beautiful, sane and soulful mother -- with whom he is falling in love -- asks him, "So what are you going to do? "I'll build it again. "He'll just burn it again. "So I'll build it again. And when he comes back, I'll be here. I'll be waiting for him.  It maybe sounds stupid, but on several occasions in life, I've felt defeated -- my actions seem to be in a void, no one notices -- and this movie somehow helps me to get off my duff and 'rebuild the aqueduct'... restore my faith that my intention is heard somewhere in the ether, even if I can't see the results.  I find myself these days also relating the film to world politics. It's an essentially European film, and it restores my faith somehow that despite all their criticism of the US these days, Europe does understand the mechanism of nihilism and restoration. Europe too is on some level understandably defeated. And for all her doubts and failings, I believe the US is a positive force in the world...  The second attempt to burn is headed off by his band of ophaned boys whose allegiance the Pope has usurped from the main bad guy (Olmos). In the third burning, the incredibly charming leader of the gang is killed. He's the sacrificial lamb which spreads the Pope's intentions among the community as a whole. The Pope now feels defeated, but the community fills in.  And then there's the one town drunk, Abalardi, who lives on the outskirts, tends sheep, and is the only one who recognizes the Pope for who he really is. ("Please excuse the sheep. They see so few Popes... They fired you or what? "No, I hadn't thought of that. No, they didn't fire me. Maybe God did... "I can put your mind to rest on that... there's no such person.") Abalardi has the best role, and it's acted perfectly. At last the Pope asks, "Who are you, Abelardi? I can keep a secret.
 What a heartwarming, touching, perfect movie. Why doesn't someone release this gem on DVD. Don't need no special features, don't need no previews, don't need no cast bio's - just need this wonder film on DVD!
 I SAW THIS FILM AS A CHILD AND IT IS ONE OF THE FILMS I AM MOST FOND OF.  IT IS RARE FOR A MOVIE TO LIVE IN THE THOUGHTS OF SOMEONE FOR SO LONG BUT I HAVE ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT ONE DAY I WOULD FIND A COPY FOR MYSELF.  TRULY A GREAT FILM.
 This film is not just a must see, it is a must own.  You will definitely want to bring out this film over and over to see again.  From its creative, unique plot, funny lines, irony, beautiful scenery, marvelous acting, and wonderful, not just feel-good but make-you-think message,  you will want to add this movie to your favorites list.  Saving Grace delights, inspires and gently admonishes the viewer to find and be faithful to the things in life that really matter, despite the naysayers and obstacles that mount up to try to obscure the simple good all around us.  This film is the opposite of in-your-face religion; instead it is about all of us finding the love and goodness in the rough and simple places all about us, rather than in the high places.  When I stumbled onto this movie some years back in a video store, the film quickly became a favorite, that I regularly showed to family and friends, and to youth groups.  All loved it, both the guys and the girls.  I would always bring it out Saving Grace to view when I became overwhelmed or beaten around by life.  To my great remorse, my VHS copy was lost when I loaned it out and never got it back.  That was several years ago.  Now I am on this site looking for a copy on DVD to buy, and grumbling because it doesn't seem to be available.  Once I find the DVD version, I will purchase at least 5 copies,for myself and to give as gifts to family and friends.  I hope the powers that be come to their senses and make this beautiful film available on DVD.  It also would be great to see on TV; I can imagine it becoming a recurring favorite through the years.
 This is a movie that lifts me up when I'm down.  I too wish it was on DVD.  I read through a few of the five star ratings and really liked what they had to say.  I wish more people in the world were like this.  I know of few people who are very good to other people and have charitable dispositions.  I like to watch this movie and try to live the example that was set.  Please get it made into a DVD.
 I saw this movie first in 1995 and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I love the story, the characters, the fine acting.  It is a truly a beautiful movie.  A gem.
 Story, movie and acting all come together in this movie. They sure don't make them like this any more. It's a must have. I WANT IT IN WIDE SCREEN FORMAT DVD. NOW!!!
 Tom Conti's "Saving Grace is a largely unknown, underrated movie, perhaps because it was made abroad and most of the casts were unknown actors (save Tom and a young Edward James Olmos). However, the plot of the movie and the story line was excellent.  It tells the story of a future Pope Leo XIV (played by Conti), who was isolated from his flocks, living in Vatican and surrounded by Vatican bureaucrats he had to deal with everyday. He wished that he is able to travel outside to see how his people live their lives and deal with real-life problems. One day, somewhat unexpectedly, he got his wish. He accidentally got locked out from the Vatican and decided to travel to a rural and impoverished Italian village that suffered from all the disasters and misfortune one can imagine (epidemic, unemployment, chronic poverty, failing infrastructure, etc). He decided to attempt to rekindle the spirit of the local people by (at first) single-handedly rebuild an old malfunctioning village aquaduct. Soon, he started to win followers from the young hopeless residents of the village, but he also encounters many obstacles and learnt a great deal about himself and how his ministry supposed to be like during his time in the village. This experience transforms the way he conducts his Petrine ministry in many ways.  This is a must see movie for Catholics (or anyone for that matter) that often thought that the Pope, the bishops, and the clergymen were often out-of-touch with the concerns and problems of lay Catholics. I wish the experiences of Leo XIV could happen more often in real life and transform the way Popes and bishops govern the Church. But till then, you should watch this movie, enjoy it, and pray that the transformation told in it would occur in our Church today.
 This movie is great! I have it on vhs and have watched it for years but have been waiting for an official release to dvd but it hasn't happened. When I saw that Amazon manufactures it on demand I was skeptical, but I ordered it anyway and was not disappointed in the least. The quality of this dvd is just as good as what any studio would release. So if you're hesitant in purchasing this because Amazon manufactured it, DON'T BE!  Purchase it-you won't be disappointed either!
 It literally took me years to figure out the name of this movie.  I just remember seeing and loving this movie back when I was a child.  Like the 40+ others reviewing this I say, "GIVE US A DVD OF THIS TO BUY! This is such a wonderful heart warming movie! I wish that there was some way to get it out on DVD! I've watched it many times and it always makes me  believe again in goodness in the world.
 I can in no way improve on what has been said already.  This film should be be treated as a classic that will be watched for many years to come.  PLEASE!!! get this onto DVD.  I will buy it immediately along with extra copies for others.  This is a real jewel!
 I saw this charming film on the recommendation of my brother in law. A film about a pope who gets locked out? Eeeehhhhhhhh, I dunno.  My husband and I watched it and were absolutely charmed. We have been looking for a DVD version for the last few years to add it to our library and share with our kids.  BRING THIS GEM TO DVD!
 A friend recommended this to me years ago, and when I saw the video, I loved it. Later my wife bought the VHS for me, but I hope that it will be released on DVD one day.  Although listed as a comedy--and it does have a strong humorous flavor throughout--it is a powerful drama about spiritual growth, hope, despair, love, and self respect. Reminiscent somewhat of "Shoes of the Fisherman, starring Anthony Quinn, from several years earlier, this is the story of a Pope's returning to his roots of being a pastor and helper of mankind--something he found difficult, if not impossible, to do in the Vatican. Somewhat by accident, he embarked on a spiritual journey and once again proved that he was a true priest of God.  If you haven't seen this movie, please do so. It is somewhat of a "sleeper and may be difficult to find. Quite frankly, I don't know why it didn't get more visibility.
 I remember seeing the preview to this movie when it was released in the theaters, and thinking, "Sounds Funny! Well, we may have been a little mislead by that. However, this movie shows what we all must go through at one time in our lives
 When I first saw this movie it lifted me up. If only a real Pope could be so spiritual. Lent it to a Buddhist priest and a Catholic friend and they both praised the movie, and the feelings it brought out in them.  The Giannini character says God doesn't exist but he hopes that's not true. The movie makes you believe that, if God does exist, it would be a wonderful thing. And maybe God does exist.  But it's not a religious movie, it's a movie about people and a movie that's wonderfully done . . "Full of wonder . . hmm.
 Why, oh why, doesn't this wonderful, family, heart-warming film appear on DVD? It is a gem for any day of the week. Ponti is a wonderful Pope (and I am Methodist).  Please, pleeeeeeze, bring out in DVD format. My VHS format is old and yellow..... and fuzzy.
 Wonderful movie of a young pope (for a pope) who feels he has become inaffective and sneaks off to find his way.
 I was very thankful to find this movie. It's one of my favorites. Catholic or not, you'll enjoy this touching movie.
 I had seen this movie many years ago and lost track of who had it in my family. I decided I needed to see it again. It was worth more than I paid. Rare to see a non-religious "religious film. With warmth and humor the story of Pope Leo and the defeated village of Monte Petra reaffirms the value of elegance in story telling and the power of great and honest acting to move the soul. The humanity rooted in love, even when love can be a hard pill to swallow, can and in this case does, inspire. Tom Conti's character in very human,striving to cope with almost superhuman responsibilities. His "escape to find his people allows him to find himself again...and his spiritual Guide. Enjoy this one with your family!
 I am soooo excited that this movie is FINALLY available on DVD!  If I could own only 3 or 4 movies - this would definitely be one of them.  Heartwarming, subtle humor and a great story.  Catholic, non Catholic - it doesn't matter - you'll love the story.  Don't Miss it!
 I taped this film from TV some time ago and have watched it over and over. It's funny and heartwarming. Conti and Giannini give wonderful performances.
 A long lost gem, this is such a wonderful movie! Tom Conti is perfect as the Pope who's accidentally locked out of the Vatican and finds a purpose in helping a small town escape from the evil seduction of dependency on government handouts.
 I Just finished watching SAVING GRACE,for the 4th or 5th time. A moving, funny, enjoyable and inspiring film with an incredible cast headed by Tom Conti, along with Giancarlo Gianinni, Fernando Rey, Erland Josephson and others. Who would have thought a movie about THE POPE could be this human. See it.
 I am very happy with this purchase.  The tape artrived in good time.  The movie arrived in a nearly perfect box and the tape was also in very good shape.  I was very pleased.
 I bought this for a friend because it is one of my favorite movies ever!
 This movie will engage you from beginning to end. All of the characters are complex and each is very convincingly portrayed. It's appeal is not an overly sentimental presentation of the "old god becomes human theme. Instead it takes a man who happens to be pope and allows him to temporarily abandon the vestments of his position. The central character has all the flaws of any man and makes mistakes that in some instances result in trajedy. Tom Conti's performance is outstanding. His character is both passionate and sensitive but like the rest of us struggles to make the right decisions and take the best action. The results are not predictable. You will laugh and cry but above all else it will challenge your views of what constitutes good and evil. And in the end...(I'll let you decide).
 All this time, I thought I was the only who loved this movie as much as you do.  I had a copy of this movie at one time and was so eager for my friends to see it, I loaned it to a preacher when he had surgery and I never saw the movie again and he joined the Navy and moved to Spain.  Ever since, I have been looking for this movie on DVD.  What a disappointment that it isn't on DVD.  Whenever I think of the movie, I can't help but smile.  It has such true meaning for humanitarian causes.  Please keep me posted when it comes out on DVD (if ever).  I am so glad there is a Saving Grace following!
 This is a wonderful family film that is way too hard to find.  Video stores should continue to carry it.  I'm so glad to have this video in my collection.  Every family should.
 What a gem this film is! A true delight for the whole family! With lessons on morality, modest humor, and triumphant hope amid the struggle against oppression and despair, this film is a treasure to be watched repeatedly!  The acting, writing, and direction are all excellent. The cinematography and location scenes are all beautiful! My only problem with the film is that its translataion onto tape caused it to jiggle on the screen. Maybe that's because the tape was used and old. I do not know. Nonetheless, when and if it comes out on dvd I intend to buy at least two copies.
 I ordered the movie "Amazing Grace with Tom Conti and Retro Rocket Entertainment has been excellent to deal with. they were prompt in answering my concerns and very good about helping me with my concerns. they are excellent to do business with and I would recommend them highly.
 I rented this movie a couple of time a few years back. It is funny and a real faith builder too.  It is a shame that the film is out of print and was never put on a DVD.  In the meantime, I can still enjoy it on my trusty VHS player.  I strongly recommend that you scoop up one of the last copies of the movie still available
 What a wonderful, heart warming movie. Not to be confused with another movie of the same name starring Craig Ferguson. Tom Conti gives an exceptional performance as Pope Leo who, inadvertantly, lives among the common people. What a movie! Great seller
 I had been looking for this movie for a long time. I'am so glad I got it. What a great story.
 For the most part, surfing movies only subtly delve into the totally experience of surf adventures.  You may see an airport scene here, and a flat tire on the rental car there.  But viewers may not get the full essence of a real surfing adventure.  Endless Summer II is a tremendous mix of awesome footage at beautiful breaks, interesting experiences from the cast, and delightful break from the typical surf film.  If you have any bit of surfing blood in you, you will be extremely pleased with this pick.
 Know what I did the other day?  Woke up with the theme song from Endless Summer in my head. It was snowing up and down the east coast, so I popped in Endless Summer II (on VHS - still waiting for that DVD), turned up the heat, cracked open a couple Coronas with my roommate, and instantly was back in the sun, on the beach, in the kind of place where deeply spiritual connection to people and place combines with waves and nice looking girls in bikinis (or less if you're in Biaritz, Fr.), the kind that only comes from surfing. The thing about this movie
 This movie is pure goofy fun.  Great footage of surfers doing their thing in some of earth's most beautiful places.  The humor is so goofy and cheesy that you can't help laughing and cheering your way through the movie.  On a winter's night after playing all day in the snow, O'Connell and Weaver are the perfect guides to endless summer fun......
 This is a great surfing film that shows the lives of surfers, both what they do and who they are. I highly recommend this flick for anyone who has ever surfed or thought about riding a wave. Once again Bruce Brown has out done himself.
 That's a good movie with a good storie and good surfing. I've just seen it once and I don't know how many times I will watch before being bored.
 Awesome video, great videography and humorous narration of two young men who trek the globe, catching waves during an "endless summer of fun and adventure.
 It is hard to improve on the original, but this DVD comes real close.  Any surf film can show good waves, but what separates ES II is Bruce Brown's narrative (reminiscent of ES), the characters, and how this movie flows.  There is enough non-surf events going off that it stays fresh from start to finish.  Add this one to the collection, and hope that the formats don't change too soon.
 I've made it a personal tradition to watch this movie during spring break each year throughout high school.  It always gets me excited about summer.  I HIGHLY recommend this film for anybody who loves to travel to new places.  The guys in this film have the opportunity to go to several exotic places that most people wouldn't even consider for vacationing.  But each place has its own charm and appeal, and the surfers are able to have a blast wherever they end up.  Great film all around.  Awesome surfers, awesome waves, awesome producer.  Simple as that.
 Simply the most classic surf video ever!  Certainly a "must have for any respectful surfer
 this is perhaps the greatest surfing documentary of all time. i thought no one could top the endless summer I, but clearly i was wrong.
 If you enjoyed Endless summer I then this is a must. This movie  captures the atmosphere of the surf scene and makes you want to just get out there and go for it. The steps of the Endless summer I characters are retraced and new exciting locations visited and surfed. A healthy dose of humour is thrown in as well
 The sequel to  The Endless Summer  has much better surf footage than the original and I think that the soundtrack is a tad better than the first as well...but both movies are excellent...makes you wonder when they will do  The Endless Summer 3  !!! Take me along for the third installment !
 I rented this video for my 13 and 15 year old sons and their friends everyday for an entire summer! I kept thinking, "this is the last time they'll want to see it NOT SO! I could have saved a bundle if I'd just purchased it the first day. I made a joke about putting it on a loop so it would never go off. I did not tire of having it on because the music is pleasant, the narration smooth, charactors likable and the scenery & surfing breathtaking. We've since purchased a couple of copies each of Endless Summer 1 and 2 (along with movie posters). The boys are 16 and 19 now and we still love the videos. One son took a special detour to Biaritz France, just to see where they surfed.
 Endless Summer II is without a doubt the best movie I have ever seen! If you are into surfing, or even if your not, CHECK THIS MOVIE OUT! It is well worth your time and is the best surfing movie ever. I have been surfing for four years and this movie perfectly conveys the emotions, sights and sounds of surfing. Excellent sound and music, A+ cinematography, some of the best scenery caught on a surfing movie ever, and some of the most influential surfers in the world such as Pat O'Connel and Robert Weaver ever to grace a surfing movie, make this movie a definate keeper.  Bottom Line
 No other surf video has caught the soul of surfing like ES II!  Of course it has unbelievable surf footage...it also has unbelievable surfers...then you add in the adventure of an around the world trip...but the thing that makes this movie special is it captures the passion that we as surfers have for the awesome power and majesty of the ocean.  Any video can show some nifty moves that the beachcomber would be blown away by...but here for all to see is unveiled a small glimpse into the unique world of the surfer.  Here, unveiled, is a peek at what drives each one of us to paddle back out to the break, day after day, and what makes surfing the most spectacular, addicting, adrenaline pumping sport in the world!  Anyone from a 3 decade veteran to a Kansas farmer will enjoy this landmark movie. ES II follows 2 surfers from cali as they make their quest for the endless summer around the world.  Along the way they visit costa rica, france, africa, australia, and s.pacific.  Their are huge days at jaws in Hawaii, cold days in Alaska, never ending waves at jeffries in S.Africa...all topped off by a bear encounter, a croc chase, and some class 5 rapids.  If you want adventure than this is your movie.  If you want beautiful photography than once again this is for you.  Great movie!  Don't miss it!
 This is a very good movie with some excellent surfing footage with both long and short boards. The movie does a great job of capturing the same feeling of the original 1964 movie with a more modern updated feel. I really appreciated the shortboard footage in this movie along with the humorous narration. This movie is a must-own if you are a surfer or anyone that appreciates the soul and art of the sport.
 If you are a surfer who is stoked to see some great surfers riding the best waves in the world, this movie is made for you.
 This is the coolest movie that I have seen in a long time. I saw it about 2 years ago and I still think that it is my favorite movie of all time.  Even if you don't surf it is a fun movie to watch. It had great camera shot  and humor. The parts in Australia are the best in my opinion. I lve the  seen with the smallest wave too.
 The Good, The Bad &amp; The Ugly.  The good is the all that is surfing, which this movie is all about.  The bad  is Hollywood's corporate stranglehold on creativity.  The ugly is all those  amateur movie  reviewers, myself included.  However, most don't know the true (behind the  scenes)  production and post-production struggles between the surfers  involved in the project and the funding &amp; distribution company, which  suffocated many talents. There was some pain involved. Yet despite all the  struggles, an incredible and entertaining 35mm surf documnetary was made,  and should be seen all.
 If you surf, or want to surf, or just like the ocean, then get this video. Great footage of some awesome waves(breaks) and also a KILLER sountrack as well. Gary Hoey and Dick Dale. Cant go wrong with that! I just wish they  would release it on DVD now....
 The video show some of the best  surfers and breaks ever.  The footage is great.  Some of the best surf in the world.
 I would have to disagree that this is better than the original. I'm not saying that it is bad, because that would be blasphemy, but the orginal still remains my favorite.
 One of my fav Chris Walken movies, Communion. Not a typical sci-fi or alien movie by any means but the kind I like. Based on supposed true alien encounters, but not promising to be real as the case with this new crap like The Fourth Kind. One of the last true great alien films of the 80s/90s era. The only other alien film I really enjoy besides this one is Fire In The Sky which goes along similar lines as this film. The story of a man who is abducted by aliens but hasn't realized/come to terms with it until he uncovers this truth in psycho analysis. A true wonder and definitely a defining role for Chris Walken.
 Communion is a terrifically atmospheric sci-fi that scared the wits out of me. I found the scene in the woods with the lights to be all too familiar. I heard that Walken was and is a total non-believer. He's sure a great actor. When he was scared trick or treating I jumped out of my skin. Needless to say, I highly recommended this alien abduction movie that's based on the alleged true recollections of Whitley Strieber. Watch it and see if it rings any bells.
 The movie closely follows the book some say its a hoax a lie or imagination.I say lets find out great story 80's dated style but an overall bizarre account
 What an absolutely thought-provoking movie... period. Whitley Strieber's euphoric experiences shapes our lives in ways that we could never have imagined. Movies are almost always difficult to be made and expressed in the same way as are books, but the awesome Christopher Walken pieces it together in the most brilliant way. His acting is superb. To see Christopher Walken portray the full range of emotions that overtakes an abductee such as Whitley Striber is to see his greatest acting skills ever! Make no doubt about it, Communion brings forth to the attention of everybody watching it, the fundamental questions of life that we have all been looking for.
 This is a movie about the true abduction experience of Whitley Strieber and his family at his upstate New York cabin. This is a really good dramatization of his experiences. Anyone interested in the subject of UFOs should have a copy in his collection. Highly Recommended!
 This was a great movie; and introduced the dynamic acting of Christopher Walken to me.  It also scared the you-know-what out of me.  I must have seen this movie a dozen times and still get scared each time.  If you've ever had even a remotely similar experience as what is depicted in this movie, you'll be leaving the lights on at bedtime guaranteed.
 I love this movie. Yes it is definitely a B-movie, but as a B-movie I think it's one of the great ones.  It comes from the era when Mad Max and the Road Warrior were all the rage and so has the same "lost in a decaying forbidden zone kind of feel.  After trying to be a serious actor and starring in things like the TV mini-series "Rich Man, Poor Man", Peter Strauss' career obviously stalled, as by 1983 he was reduced to starring in B-grade fare like this. And Molly Ringwald, fresh from "The Facts of Life and prior to her becoming the 80s teen movie queen, has never been more annoying -- which is just what the script called for her to be
 Yes, that's right
 This movie freaking rules. When I was a kid it was on every time I was sick home from school, on public TV, at about noon. It was very consistent. I TRUST THIS MOVIE. Buy it. It will always be there for you in times of need and is perfect with soup and kleenex and a couch.
 The movie has a good story line.  The actors do a great job.  Special effect (for 1983) are good.  I saw this when it came out in theaters.  This was the first movie I watched with Molly Ringwald and became an instant fan.  I am glad I added it to my collection.
 Eureka!  I have had a VHS tape of this classic sci-fi movie for a long time.  I've been a sci-fi fan my whole life.  I'm also a long time fan of Peter Strauss.  So how could I not love this movie!!  I was ecstatic when I stumbled over the DVD while going through Amazon recommendations for my profile.  I didn't even have to think twice.  Even though some may considered it a B-movie I love watching it.  I can finally retire my VHS tape!  If you like good clean fun, action and adventure and a bit of sci-fi to boot, you'll enjoy this movie!
 This was the first movie I ever saw with Molly Ringwold.  I knew she was something special by this movie.  It's a good movie if you like Science Fiction.
 I first owned this flic on VHS tape when it first came out. I loved it! I played it many times till one of my relatives hi-graded it and destroyed it in his poorly maintained VCR. When I tryed to find another copy I couldn't; so sad. At last, Amazon, and I'm happy again! For fast paced total entertanment that doesn't require much heavy thinking this cant be beat.
 Picture a Tough-hard as nails space captain who owes more money than there is in Fort Knox...  Pay every one off, easy-just rescue three hot women from a forbidden world.  Who can he call on for help, a money hungry space-cop, a hot robot bombshell, a junker space ship that's just spare parts flying in formation, and a young survivor girl.  If you enjoy fighting mutants, rescuing damsels in distress and good one liners, here's your movie.
 This is one of my favorite movies.  I watched this way back, and I later bought the tape when the price was $25 and considered it a great value.  I still watch that movie once in a while.  It's high adventure and an all together great movie.
 After not expecting movies like  Krull  on DVD, here comes more good news.  Spacehunter  is coming to DVD on December 4! (Same day as the first Babylon 5 disc) Spacehunter will get the basic Columbia/Tristar DVD treatment
 I can't believe some of these jobs they have in the military!  Very cool  -- and dangerous stuff!  Great video!
 The picture quality is photographic and now I can hear the birds chirping at the start of Commando... bliss! Having to rent these classic movies in VHS format has hindered my full appreciation of their outstanding quality. For those like myself who are too young to have seen them on the big screen, watching Commando is a new and delightful experience. Although I am not a huge fan of violent movies, I can assure you that Commando is one of the best 'comedies' of all time with almost enough memorable quotes to rival Fawlty Towers! Running Man is my favorite of this collection only surpassed by True Lies as my favorite Arnie. And with the inclusion of Predator and Total Recall, none of the titles are 'fillers' (unlike other collections), these are all blockbusters. You'll love Commando for the commedy, Running Man for the action, Total Recall for the sci-fi, and Predator for the adrenaline rush. Other great features include
 action, Action, ACTION, and... Yes, thats right, more hard-hitting action. Arnie really knows what his audience wants. I will now review each film individually.  TOTAL RECALL. With perfect doses of Action, Sci-fi and  Special Effects, this film is a near perfect Action/Sci-fi. Arnie acting is  at its best and the supporting cast (including Sharon Stone and Ronny Cox)  are all very believable. 5 STARS. PREDATOR. Another Perfect Action/Sci-fi  (what would you expect from the director of Die Hard) Everything in it  (the Music, the cast, the sets) all combine to give the film a certain feel  (like in the alien films) The sction and violence comes hard and fast and  the special effects (by the Brilliant Stan Winston) are State-of-the-art. 5  STARS. THE RUNNING MAN. A chilling view of the world to come. Arnold is  back (as he promised to be) and in one of his most violent and exciting  movies. The bad guys are also some of the toughest Arnie has faced,  (Sub-zero and Buzz-saw to name two) and the sets are frighteningly  realistic. Might be a bit rough for some. (as with all of these movies) 5  STARS. COMMANDO. If Rambo had a Daughter, he would be Commando. This has to  have one of the highest body counts of any American Movies. Non-stop Action  and Laughs. (the laughs come from the classic lines Arnie gives, EG. When  he drops a man off a cliff and says  I let him go .)5 STARS.
 An exellent DVD, featuring all the great players of past and present, full of highlights interviews and exellent story line, describing each of an ultimate player's skill, like scoring, speed, mentality, etc. Exellent music to go with the story, and the final highlight featuring michael jordan could'nt be better (even thou I'm a Laker Fan), wich made me also order ultimate jordan eventualy.
 Talking about music, would anybody be expert (and kind) enought to help me on that 
 I got the product faster than I expected. I am very pleased with the whole process.
 While this is not your typical romance, it is in fact the differences that make this a true masterpiece. The movie starts with Roberts having a meal with her good friend and editor George. (George happens to be gay.) It is interesting that George is not ashamed of being gay, but he doesn't scream it from the rooftops either. He is to be the voice of reason in this comedy of mishaps.  Roberts is happy to get a call from her former romantic partner Michael. But this soon turns to panic when she realizes that he is marrying Kimmy. (Roberts is getting an invitation to the wedding.) George tries to calm roberts down, but to no avail. She is determined to break the wedding. Whether we are routing for Roberts or find her actions cruel, somehow we get the impression that she is fighting a doomed uphill battle.  We meet Kimmy, and we have no reason to doubt that they are a proper match. To be sure, there is one weak point that Roberts finds and exploits, but let's be fair. What relationship doesn't have some weak point?  Roberts realizes that her plans have backfired, and she desperately calls George for help. George tries to be a friend to Roberts, but his patience wears down when he sees her new plan. (Pretending she is engaged to George to make Michael jealous.) While George plays along, it is clear that he has had it with this whole thing. He nails the crux of the matter when he says
 My Best Friend's Wedding is probably Julia Roberts best romantic comedy, even better than Pretty Woman. Dermont Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupert Everett also star in this tale of a food critic played by Roberts who is invited to intend her best friend's upcoming nupitals, but the thing is she is in love with her best friend and tries everything in her power to break up the wedding. I won't give away the ending but this is actually a good and solid romantic comedy and I think everyone who decides to watch will throughly enjoy it. Good luck!
 I enjoyed this deliteful romantic comedy.I am not much of a Julia Roberts fan But I enjoyed her in this movie.
 I hold this movie close to my heart, why you may ask? Because I was going thru the same thing Julia Roberts was going thru in this movie. I was in love with someone who did not belong to me. It was a hot affair 10 years ago that ended disastrously, and I ended up the loser at the end. The lesson here is, Life Goes ON. Julia's performance was so true and honest, she always steals my heart. Great movie!
 Thanks for getting this DVD to me while I am stationed over seas.
 One of my favorite Roberts movies, and just the way I like her
 This movie was excellent.  It had comedy, love, and sad moments.  And it when totally against what I expected to happen!!  I am ashamed to say that I wanted the main guy to dump Cameron!!   All in all, a great film.  I don't own it, but I just might buy it.
 Lovely girls, handsome men, humorous, beautiful and romantic story. I do enjoy watching this movie. I like George's dialogue a lot (not because he is gay!). But I am curious about one thing and feel not so right about another. Why Michael is so attractive to those two girls? This is an unexplained point in this movie. Of course we don't need to say everything in a movie, but just from my impression of THIS man in THIS movie, I don't feel that he has more charm than any other man on this planet. While I feel George really has some charisma
 How can someone fail to love Julia Roberts in this movie?!! It is a light romantic commedy of a woman got driven by her buried emotions. She tries everything to get her lover back before he gets married... although Julia Roberts becomes evil but you can never hate her because you feel for her and you see how she trembles down! She's face to face with her lover and his sweet bride whom she have no excuse to hate except that she's marrying her lover! An internal conflict, an emotional contradiction... and a love burning her down! Oh Julia Roberts facial expressions are so touchy. In this movie you LAUGH, CRY and will enjoy it again and again!
 After a five-years Break (!!!) Julia Roberts is back! Cooler, sexier, funnier and better than ever! Julia Roberts has 5 days to get to New York, to destroy a relationship and to fall in love with the man she always loved! Does it this sound easy to you?! Well it isn't and Jules has a lot of work to do... So sit back and enjoy this review of... My Best Friend's Wedding
 This movie showcases two super talents. One being Julia Roberts and other, Rupert Everett. Surprised.. don't be.. just look out for  George  and you will know why I have been talking about Mr.Everett rather than  concentrating on praising Ms Roberts sky-high. Julia Roberts does a  brilliant job of a girl who is on the brink of falling in love(with Dermot  Mulroney) and realises it a tad too late. And then Ms. Roberts does  everything to mess up things between Dermot and Ms Diaz.  This movie is  definitely going to steal a smile from your countenance and make you giggle  like a 16-year old.  Ms Roberts enacts the role of a   desparado  with a finesse incomparable. The surprise package of  the movie is Rupert Everett in a role of Julia's Editor. He is  outstandingly funny and stylish, especially in the last scene. Of the  others, the less said the better. Dermot Mulroney is as stone faced as a  stone-aged caveman. Diaz is screechingly irritating but endearing in some  scenes. All in all, a movie that will tickle the funny bone in you.
 This movie kicks butt!  I only wish I had two friends like Micheal and George!  You can't help but smile at this movie.  The songs are awesome too-especially their own rendition of  I say a little prayer for  you .  Rupert Everett steals every scene he's in and will completly  steal your heart. You should definetly see this.
 So what if this movie doesn't have the most plausible plot! It's not supposed to. When people ask me what my favorite movie is, I tell them this one without a second's hesitation. I think I saw it 7 times at the theater.  It reminds you of the first time you told somebody you liked them and how  nervous you were. I do like the ending because it brings the movie back to  reality. You don't always win. To anyone who likes this movie, I would  suggest seeing  Fools Rush In  and  Return to Me. 
 First of all...I loved it! Talk about a film that anyone willenjoy, this is it. For those close-minded movie-goers who think thatthis film is just for  women-only  or that you should go see it  just to please your significant other , then you are completely wrong.  You will like, if not love this film. The humor is funny, the acting superb, and story believable. Julia Roberts and Dermot Mulroney are excellent as  best friends  and Rupert Everett's character will make you laugh out loud.  Anyone who has ever had a member of the opposite sex for a best friend will find that this movie hits a nerve...or should I say  funny bone . It really is like banging your elbow on a chair arm and everyone around you begins to laugh, and then you begin to laugh, but deep down inside you are saying  gosh darn it (or something similar) that really hurt .  If you think the film is going to be predictable...then think again...there are enough twists and turns to keep you guessing on the outcome. The film would be excellent for all ages.  Bottom line...call up your  ex, old or current, opposite-sex best friend , get together, go see this movie, and throughout it you can jab each other in the side and say  yep, that's something you would do ....and afterwards, you will walk away and know why you could never have married each other...for it could have ruined a  wonderful friendship .  END
 It has Julia Roberts...nothing else needs to be said. Buy it!
 THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC....IT HAS LINES THAT HAVE YOU REPEATING OVER AND OVER AGAIN....MY DAUGHTER AND I LOVE WATCHING THIS MOVIE TOGETHER...ITS A NICE FAMILY MOVIE.
 I don't understand all the fuss about Julia Roberts, she doesn't play very well and she isn't even good looking! Cameron Diaz instead is magnificiant in her role, she's totaly convincing and really beautiful. This movie deserves 5 stars mainly because she's in it. The story is quite good, it's funny at times. If you want some entertainement or you want to see Cameron Diaz, buy this movie.
 MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDDING is a hilarious romantic-comedy. Julia Roberts is truly at her best in this film as Julianne, a food critic who's long-time childhood best friend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) is getting married to some other woman, just when Julianne starts to have feelings for him! The woman Michael is marrying is Kimberly (Cameron Diaz), a college student with a fillthy-rich father. Julianne is hopelessly in love with Michael, so to get Michael back, Julianne must find a way to stop the wedding and make Michael fall in love with Julianne herself! She gets her partner and friend, George (Rupert Everett), to help her win over Michael. The ending is actually surprising, because you'd think Julianne wins back Michael, but she actually doesn't. So it is good to see the protagonist in a film to not get what they want in the end, but can still have a happy ending. The whole cast is absolutely superb! And one of my favorite scenes is when Julianne and George pretend that they just got engaged (George is really gay), and while meeting Kimberly's family for dinner and they ask how George proposed to Julianne, George starts singing the song "I Say A Little Prayer", and then everyone else in the cast starts joining in, except for Julianne and Michael. It's a very funny movie with a witty script. If you have not yet seen MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING, then what are you waiting for? But definitely get the special edition DVD for this movie because it's better than the other DVD. I just love MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING! Great date movie, too. A must see.
 I have always been a fan of Julia Roberts and the movies she stars in - her smile is infectious, it lights up the screen. In 1997, she made a comeback with a starring role in the romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding. The film went on to become one of the most successful girly movies of the whole decade, and after watching it earlier tonight on TV, it's not hard to see why. It still holds up seven years later. The comedy is fresh, funky and slick. The plot is nothing original, but it holds up brilliantly because of the film's four main stars. You have Julia Roberts, of course, who is no doubt a future Hollywood legend. Then there's Cameron Diaz in one of her best film roles - not quite topping her sexual cameo in The Mask three years earlier, but still bringing much humour to her role. Rupert Everett and Dermot Mulroney are the two main male actors and also do their roles justice.  Julia Roberts plays Julianne Potter, a fast-talking confident Chicago food critic who used to date Michael O'Neal (Dermot Mulroney) in their college days. They since broke up after nine years and moved apart. They made a pact, however, that if by the age of 28 they both were not married, then they would marry each other. When Julianne receives a call from Michael three weeks before that pact deadline, she assumes he is ringing to get back with her. However, Michael is calling to introduce Julianne to his seemingly wonderful, irritatingly perfect fiancee Kimberly Wallace (Cameron Diaz) and announce their wedding which is taking place in just three days. That leaves Julianne three short days to break up the marriage and win back the man she has only just realised she loved all along. She will either win or lose - that's the conclusion. Ronald Bass' perfectly-constructed screenplay keeps the viewer on the edge, forever guessing if she will win her battle. Julianne's gay friend George Downes (Rupert Everett) agrees to help her, but only to a certain extent, and he is a hilarious asset to the comedic intentions put forth by the writers of the film.  The film's plot seems at times far-fetched, and it is, but this is a light-hearted, romantic comedy with many clich&eacute;s built in for good measure! The comedy is spot-on - there aren't many laugh out loud moments, but more of a continual giggle-fest that will have you smiling for most of the film. Julia Roberts is a certain crowd-puller. People from all over the world will flock to see her movies, and this one was exception. Cameron Diaz was half the superstar in this film that she is today, and her glowing smile and charasmatic confidence shines through in her ditzy role. Rupert Everett reminds me of Hugh Grant in this film, which can be no bad thing!  The film has many memobrable scenes, including Kimberely's hilarious karoke nightclub performance of "I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself. The restaurant hilarity of the group's performance of Dianne Warwick's "I Say A Little Prayer is also perfectly executed, with only professional directors pulling it off - amateurs could have easily messed it up big time. The big city bread truck chase is hilarious, and the film has many touching moments. Julianne's constantly foiled attempts to sabotage the impending wedding are brilliant too
 MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING is a fun romantic comedy that stars Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, Rupert Evert and Dermot Mulroney. The story involves Juliette (Julia Roberts), a food critic who realizes she loves her best friend Michael (Dermot Mulroney). Juliette finds out that Michael is getting married and decides to go to stop the wedding from happening, and to try to win him back. From the get go, Juliette is scheming to put a wedge between Michael and his fianc&eacute; Kimmy (Cameron Diaz). Her plans are often foiled and ultimately in the end, in a poignant moment, her friend George (Rupert Everett) asks her if she is chasing Michael and he is chasing Kimmy, who is chasing her?  There are some real fun moments in the movie, like when Juliette pretends she is engaged to her gay friend in order to make Michael jealous. They end up singing "Say A Little Prayer at breakfast. The movie is enriched by a great cast who have chemistry. Julia Roberts convincingly plays Juliette, who should be the enemy, but you end up rooting for her even through her hatched plans. Overall a fun romantic comedy fans of the genre should love.
 Before seeing this movie I wasn't much of a Julia Roberts fan. But now I am! I thought she played an excellent part. As well as the other characters. In the beginning I predicted what I thought was going to happen. I was completely wrong! That's one reason why I liked it so much. I also liked how the suspense kept you in the movie. Like what she was going to next and if she would ever get Michael. I also liked the part at the restaurant where they sing  I'll Say a Little Prayer for you .
 this is the best movie i have ever seen! it makes me cry just thinking about it... i really recomend buying this movie cause its da bomb.. no seriously! if your the kind of person that loves to cry and loves sad  movies.. this is the movie for you! although this movie is suposed to be a  comedy it is also very sad.. even if i watch it twice in a row it still  makes me cry cause i feel so sorry for Julia Roberts... 
 I have to admit that this is one of my favorite movies. It is an absolutely hilarious, romantic comedy. The story was based on an interesting love triangle composed of Julianne (Julia Roberts), Michael (Dermot Mulroney) and Kimberly (Cameron Diaz).  Julianne and Michael have been great friends forever.  They even dated and made a pact to marry (if neither found someone years later).  At the beginning of the movie, Michael calls Julianne to inform and invite her to his wedding.  Immediately, Julianne becomes overwhelmed with jealousy and plans to break up the happy couple.  Michael and Kimberly completely trust Julianne and do not suspect her plan.  In fact, Julianne's meddling seems to make the couple's relationship even stronger.  Kimberly seems to be the perfect fiance in every way. She is willing to do whatever it takes to make her man happy even if she has to sacrifice her own happiness. She also seems to be very naive because she never really knew what her fiance's best friend was up to until the end of the movie. (I guess that is the whole point of the movie.) The dialogue was good and full of laughs.  If you liked Notting Hill or Runaway Bride, you will love this movie. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who likes romantic comedies or is getting married in the near future.
 julia roberts is not good at all,but diaz is perfect even if her musical skills are not revealed. the story is funny, so buy this movie
 1997 couldnt of happened without this movie!!! funny!! Julia Roberts and Camron Diaz are great in this film!!! Must have!! I cant believe its almost 10 years since it came out. Feels like yesterday when i first saw it.
 I received the item in perfect condition and the shipping was qucik, as well.  Thank you!
 This is one of my favorite movies.I've watched it over and over again 'coz I was captivated by the story and cast. I really loved this flick,it's really hilarious,and cute!  Julia looks great in the movie,and she truly  did a good job.This is the kind of movie that makes you laugh and gets you  thinking  what you really want,and who you are.Go watch it!
 This is my daughter's all-time favorite movie and has been on her wish list since she started it. I was happy to FINALLY get a copy for her. It arrived in excellent condition and very promptly. The seller was great and my daughter has already selected her charmingly handsome gay escort should her "best friend-boy marry.
 IT'S JUST A GREAT MOVIE....SHOWS US THE FOIBLES OF LIFE AND HOW EVERYTHING GOES OUT THE WINDOW WHEN MR. RIGHT COMES ALONG.  JULIA ROBERTS IS PERFECT IN THIS ROLE AND DERMOT MULRONEY CAN HOLD HIS OWN ON SCREEN WITH HER. LOVE CAMERON DIAZ AS THE 'OTHER WOMAN'.  PATS ON THE BACK FOR THE CAST SELECTIONS HERE, NOBODY PLAYS A BAD PART.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED I HAVE VIEWED IT MANY TIMES AND I WILL WATCH IT MANY MORE TIMES IN THE FUTURE.
 This is a really good romantic movie. I love Rupert in this movie. And I am so glad that Julia's character failed to break up her best friend's wedding. I also thought Cameron Diaz was good. The ending is simply the best.
 I just find this an absolutely delightful film. It's very well cast and although the storyline goes from the sublime to the ridiculous, it's still manages to keep you entertained.
 I love this movie!! One of my all time favorite movies with a bitter sweet ending so to speak. I love all the actresses/actors that are in it, they did a great job!!
 Julia Robert is a friend to a guy who is about to get married. There's one problem she loves him, she tries to break up the wedding. And in the process she figures out that he's truly in love with her. At the end the wedding was a success, and Julia falls for a different guy at the reception. I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars!!
 I just love it!  It's a romantic comedy which was enjoyable to watch and would watch it again and again!  I love the humor and some singing done in the movie.
 This is a kind-of real-life romantic comedy.  There is much criticism about the ending, but it's how real life turns out.  Julianne's (Roberts) fight to get her man is not necessarily reflective of true life--which is not a bad thing--but it's hilarious.  I recommend this movie if you want to cry and laugh in the same two hours.
 Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) has everything that is required to be a romantic comedy heroine - wild hair, a huge smile, a gay best friend (Rupert Everett) and a dilemma in her love life. Her best friend/ex-boyfriend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) has just called her out of the blue, leaving a message on her answermachine telling her to call him - urgently.  Julianne remembers that years ago, she and Michael vowed to marry each other if they were both still single at 28. She's going to turn 28, and leaps to a happy conclusion. However, on returning his call, he drops the bombshell - he's getting married to somebody else. This weekend. Well, what's a girl to do? Armed with her afore-mentioned gay best friend, George, Julianne sets off to Chicago to see what she can do about breaking up the couple and securing Michael for herself.  His fianc&eacute;e, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz) is 20 years old and Barbie doll perfect. She doesn't even have a tiny flaw that Julianne can use against her. She is extra-super-nice to Julianne, giving her the position of Maid Of Honour within half an hour of meeting her and bringing all the defences down to admit to her that she is jealous of her relationship with Michael.  Julianne is ruthless. She'll do whatever it takes to get Michael back - and she does a lot of it. She tries to embarrass Kimmy at a karaoke bar, but despite a terrible singing voice Kimmy has chutzpah and wins the audience around. In a bid to make Michael jealous, she convinces George to pose as her husband which he does with pizzazz (describing their first meeting, he muses wistfully, "I knew we'd end up like this - like some glittering Doris Day-Rock Hudson extravaganza"). And finally she writes a nasty email to Michael's boss, supposedly from Kimmy's father. This is the turning point of the movie. Up until now we have seen Julianne as the heroine and Kimmy as the foe who must be obliterated at all costs. And this is perhaps where we realise that maybe this isn't just another run-of-the-mill romantic comedy. But now, maybe we don't want Julianne to win any more. Maybe, just maybe, sweet Kimmy should be the one to end up with Michael. It's not so clear-cut now, and the script keeps us guessing until the end. Roberts gives a great performance here, making Julianne sympathetic even when we don't like her very much. She doesn't have much chemistry with Mulroney as Michael, but then nor does Diaz; perhaps this is the point of the movie. However it is Rupert Everett who manages to steal almost every scene he is in. It's very enjoyable, and slightly black - but only if you want to see that side of it. One to watch.
 MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is definitely my favorite wedding film. With an all-star cast including Julia Roberts, Dermot Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupertt Everett, it makes this film even more worth-watching. Julianne (Roberts) is a food critic who soon realizes she loves her best friend, Michael (Mulroney), the day he decides to marry Kim, a perky blonde from a very wealthy family (Diaz). Determinded to win him back, Julianne will do anything to break up the couple's wedding - and she only has four days, with the help of her... friend, George (Everett). Every scheme to win Michael back is, of course, hilarious. MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is an excellent, feel-good romantic comedy about one who finds true love for the right person at the wrong time. Will Julianne win Michael? You'll have to see this to learn the answer! But it's actually very surprising at the end. This film is very original, too. This film is definitely worth watching!
 This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It's very sweet from beginning to end.  Julia Roberts plays Juliana, a former tomboy who finds out her best friend Michael (Dermott Mulroony) is getting married to a  younger woman, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Juliana then realizes she's in love  with Michael and tries to stop the wedding.  It's a fun movie with romance  mixed with comedy.  It reallymakes you cry at the end.  If you like Notting  Hill, you'll love this too!
 This is a great movie. I enjoy watching My Best Friends Wedding every time. I specially love the beginning when the four girls are singing a song and doing a little dance. Sometimes I will rewind that part a few times before watching the movie.
 Julia Roberts does a great job of playing the bad guy and then redeeming herself. Cameron Diaz is great as well. If you're willing to take this for what it is then you will have a lot of fun watching this and be vastly entertained. This movie is 20 years old and it has aged very well. P.S. There are some musical interludes which made me smile.
 I absolutely love this movie. Julia is adorable in it, and her character is really enjoyable (although the whole food critic thing was just a plot device to allow her to slip away to Chicago for a few days). Mulroney is sexy as hell, and the gay best friend is the end all be all to gay best friends. The ending makes me cry every time to this day (along with the boat ride where she almost tells him she loves him), and it makes you just want everyone to find someone to love and be with and to enjoy life with. Buy this, and watch it over and over when you need a pick me up. It is very funny (especially the "Say a Little Prayer scene), and a great time!!!
 This movie is great. I have watched it several times. The acting is great and there is alot of fun to be had.
 I have to agree with the analysis of a recent reviewer who points out the self-centeredness of the lead characters in this Chicago-based tale.  Food critic Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) and sports broadcaster, Michael O'Neil(Dermot Mulroney)had promised while in college that they would marry each other if neither had married before they were 28, which right there makes love seem like a game where they are concerned.  But three weeks before Julianne is to turn 28, Michael announces his engagement to a 20-year-old college student named Kimberly Wallace(the always sunny Cameron Diaz), much to Julianne's dismay, and realizing her own feelings for Michael, tries to sabotage the impending nuptials--a scenario which, with the skillful writing of Ronald Bass and the skillful direction of P.J. Hogan becomes one of humor and pathos, rather than just one of completely outright meanness and manipulation.  Kimberly embraces Julianne, and after knowing her only a few minutes, makes her her Maid of Honor, a role she pretends to play while trying to create friction between the couple, using various methods,and lastly employing her gay friend, George Downes(Rupert Everett)to pose as her fiance, hoping to make Michael jealous.   Much of this film's entertainment value comes from the well-chosen cast. Philip Bosco and Susan Sullivan portray the bride's dignified parents Walter and Isabelle Wallace,Rachel Griffiths and Carrie Preston are Samantha and Mandy Newhouse, like-dressing characters from the South, who will also serve as bridesmaids, Chris Masterson as the Best Man-to-be is a fairly shy, and awkward youth, although, along with a few peer group members, he gives one of the most amusing scenes in the movie, which involves helium,Paul Giamatti plays Richard, an empathetic bellman, Harry Shearer plays Jonathan P.F. Ritt, and M. Emmett Walsh plays Joe O'Neal.  More delightful moments occur during an outing at a seafood restaraunt, where, while conjuring up a story behind their fake engagement, George leads everyone in singing Dionne Warwick's "I Say a Little Prayer", and when one of the bridesmaids gets her tongue stuck on an ice sculpture.   Things come to a head when Julianne follows George's advice and finally reveals her true feelings as Kimberly stumbles upon the scene, and a viewer can only hope for some just resolution.   For me, this film has called to mind the lyrics of a 1958 song by Don Cornell called "Play Some Music for Broken Hearts", in which the final stanza is
 The item that i ordered got here in record speed! I was really happy to see it came so fast.  The DvD that I had purchased was in amazing condition, no scratches, like new!
 I've been watching films since the 1950's, so my opinion should count for something. James Felix McKenney (Director) has come a long way. In this film you can see he has learned one of the most important lessons in film-making
 Being a big time horror fan and a diehard collector I love this movie alot, the acting and special effects were right on point. You encounter a lake monster in the dead winter was a brilliant idea and concept, the monster effects was hands down freaking awesome and unique. Hypothermia is a downright horror/science fiction monster you must have in your collection of monster films. Having this film in my horror collection is truly a honor, hats off to MPI Media Group, Glass Eye Pix and Dark Sky Films for bringing and distributing this film to horror fans like myself who live and breathe horror films. Hypothermia gets 2 thumps, a perfection 10 and 5 stars...HYPOTHERMIA KICKS MAJOR BUTT IN THE GENRE OF MONSTER/HORROR FILMS
 This excellent multinational production of the Mahabharata feels almost Shakespeaerean at times - the language so eloquent and poetic, the themes so profound and universal, the action so epic.  Truly great literature brought to film. Briefly, the Mahabharata is a tale of two rival sets of brothers, cousins to eachother, each born into royalty and with divinely guided paths in life.  The result, however, is a great war, death, destruction, but a final glimmer of light preserved.  Vishnu after Shiva. . Peter Brook's five-hour version of the Mahabharata is theatrical, philosophical, spare, poetic.  It is rendered in gentle, nearly monochromatic hues and with often silent backgrounds, interspersed with periods of hauntingly beautiful music. The actors are gifted, if a bit too grand and mythic in their presentation.  As in the written versions, the characters motives are seen to be, in turns, grounded and human, and unearthly and enlightened. Such a powerful mix, and such a penetrating vision of life -- all from over three thousand years ago! I highly recommend this film, anbd the special features of the DVD make it that much more valuable.
 I too grew up hearing stories of the Mahabharata and watched this adaptation on the BBC a few years back.  This is theatre at its best, and it truly captures the essence of the Mahabharata.  The stories and concepts are all covered, but those who are expecting an all Indian cast wearing traditional garb will be sorely disappointed.  Hinduism is a way of life, a faith of choice and plurality.  These ideas are reinforced with a multicultural cast.  When I first heard that it was not an all Indian cast, my expectations for the play dropped dramatically, but I can assure you, what Peter Brook has done is astonishing.  I look forward to watching this with my children, though after they have been inundated with bedtime stories from the Mahabharata.
 Years ago I watched this on television and later video.  I was blown away by the depth of the material and the performances of the cast.  This is definitely no hollywood production but it is great theatre.  I emphasize that it is just that - theatre.  I have since read the original Indian texts (translated) and it took me many months, the writing was complicated and it took me ages just to identify with the names (sorry but I have a Western upbringing).  Once I got over this it is fair to say that the intricacies and subtleties of the full story are completely lost from Peter Brooks work. Completely!  This is probably why so many people who are familiar with the text are so unhappy with this version.  Chopra's - very long (but well priced and a great series) - interpretation is far more faithful but lacks, in my opinion, the intensity that is present in Brook's work.  Chopra's version whilst being far more faithful is also clearly aimed at Indian TV audiences (e.g., there are filler scenes that breakup the momentum of the story) also the audio quality on my DVDs and subtitling is poor.  I have since watched Brook's version many times and decided it is not really a story about the Mahabharata at all (it seems very different now) but nevertheless carries a story of its own (perhaps more of Brook's story) but its real strength is its ability to enthrall with very little else but strong characters and a few props.... that is just great theatre in my mind!  But it would be a mistake to take a 5 hour interpretation of the text as faithful - especially since Chopra took 94 episodes to do the same (which still misses some things in the text - I definitely recommend Chopra's version - definitely good value and conceptually much deeper than Brook's version).  But the names are the same and Brooks version gives a taster to the wisdom of the text.  I love Brook's (and strongly recommend it) version as a theatrical work but now believe it should never have been called the Mahabharata.
 My wise cousin told me to watch this film before I come to visit her in India, and how right she was. The story of the  Mahabharata  permeates Hindu culture in much the same way the Bible has formed Western consciousness. But such a story! The basic tale is of a feud between two branches of a family, rulers, sons of gods but all too human. Having no prior knowledge of this great epic I found it a bit confusing at first, a lot of background is related in a brief beginning, the multi-national, multi-racial cast led to a little confusion among characters. But the story line quickly develops as the legitimate heir loses his kingdom to the other branch of the family in a crooked dice game. The tension builds as Yudhishthira gambles inexorably for higher and higher stakes, finally losing his brothers and beloved wife. He is offered one final chance to redeem all or escape, and agrees to throw the dice one more time against his brothers' advice, and loses. His reason-- I had to give the cheaters one more chance to save themselves.  This is the first of many very complicated moral dilemmas presented, but there are no easy answers here. Is it permissible to lie to avoid a greater harm? Is cheating in a fight wrong, even if your opponent is guilty of many wrongs against you? At first it seemed that there were good guys and bad guys in this story, a notion sometimes reinforced in imagery, such as in the chariot fight between Karna and Arjuna, with black and white horses. But we quickly see that life isn't so simple--the good guy strongman Bhima kills his enemy and eats his heart with gory relish. Even the god-man Krishna urges tricks to defeat the enemy. The women in the story were strong, complicated, grounded. Can a woman love five husbands equally? Yes, in this world. Does the mother of five sons grieve for the sixth she abandoned long ago and who became the enemy of his brothers? Yes, and her pain is compelling. I felt I could watch this film many times and still not understand all of it. The vision of the world is so different from a western view--gods and men together in the world, good and evil existing within both. And I'm sure this wasn't a totally faithful rendition of the story. But compared to the impossibility of picking up the text cold and trying to read it, this is a wonderful alternative.
 I was entranced by The Mahabharata, as presented by Peter Brookes. Since my childhood, I have heard, read and seen The Mahabharata in my mother tongue, English and Hindi. Irrespective of the medium, it has always impressed with the great canvas on which human yet larger than life characters are etched but the grandeur of the drama has often masked the underlying philosophy - that the difference between humans and gods is infinitesimal, that every person is imbued with some qualities that are god-like (so that depending on circumstances anybody can appear god-like), even the so-called gods have human frailties and can be touched and befriended. Peter Brookes has successfully denuded the characters of their physical attributes and forced us to really understand this philosophy that we too can become gods depending on which qualities we care to nurture within our selves.
 I was raised on stories from the Mahbharata and my parents showed me this movie when I was about ten years old.  Even though it is low budget and very, very long, I loved it.  I started showing it to my friends, who have no Indian background or knowledge at all and they loved it too.  I'll never forget when we were about thirteen years old we started watching it at a sleepover and were too tired to finish.  In order to see the whole thing before our moms came to take us home we would have to wake up at 6
 It was more than ten years ago that the Dutch television broadcasted 'The Mahabharata' by Peter Brook. First on three wednesday evenings, a couple of months later on one evening with just enough breaks to get to the toilet or get some coffee. This old story about the beginnings of Indian history, culture and religion is a fascinating story, with all the questions concerning life itself in it. We had it on video and watched it at least once every year, but for the last couple of years because the videotapes got worse. Now we have the dvd's (after a long search) and enjoy the whole action, the thoughts, the colors and the depth of the whole play.
 I cannot comment on how faithful this is to the original.  Nor can I comment on whether or not it may or may not be offensive to Hindus.  I don't know.  I hope it isn't, however, because it is certainly a beautiful work of theatre as art.  My family begged me to watch this for years and years, but with raising a family, I just didn't have a spare 5-6 hours.  Recently, however, I finally had time -- and it was so worth it.  The performance was so finely acted and directed.  I think especially of the brother who tells a lie for the first time.  How he touches his lip after the words are spoken, amazed that untruth could come out of his mouth.  I think about the actor who played Krishna -- Wow!  And especially, the actor who plays the old blind king.  That is just so well done.  At any rate, if it is offensive to Hindus, then don't see it.  But if it isn't, then it is truly worth the time.
 Weighing in at 5 hours and 25 minutes, "The Mahabharata is an epic tale based on the religious text of the same name.  While I'm far from ignorant of the Mahabharata, I'm no expert.  All I've read is the Baghavad-Gita.  You certainly don't need to be well-read on Hindu mythology to appreciate this film.  I first saw this film by renting it at a video store specializing in rare and imported videos.  I then purchased it through Amazon.com because this was something I just had to have.  The film is actually a stage play.  But don't let that discourage you into thinking that you will simply be watching actors perform on a stage.  This is one extravagent production!  The costumes are very rich, the sets are large and realistic, and the camera work is angled and edited in such a way that you'll think you're watching a film instead of a straight stage production.  For example, during the war chapter, actual horses are brought onto the stage where dozens of actors fight in a well choreographed manner!    The acting is something that I have never seen before.  I don't get out to see many plays, but what I've seen in this is amazing.  The camera gets in tight on the actors faces and these actors do a superior job of expressing severe intensity.  Especially the two actors who play Krishna and Arjuna; wow!    If you're into Hindu mythology on any level, then I assure you that you will enjoy this film.  Despite its length this film never gets boring.  Mind you, I wouldn't suggest watching this in one sitting.  There are two discs, watch one, and watch the next one the next day.
 Mahabharata, directed by Peter Brook, is a great movie. It is a must see for all who are interested in epic mythology and who would like to understand more about the religious philosophies and culture of India. As an Indian I have heard countless stories about Mahabharata and seen many Indian movies based on Mahabharata. The story is vast and often spawned many discussions on arguments on why things were what they were - the plot, chartecters, etc. I first saw the theatrical version of the Peter Brook version in 1989, and was amazed by the beauty and grandeur of the production and also was quite impressed how effectively the strory was told and enacted by an international cast of stage and screen actors.  Mahabharata is a must collect item and worth watching once every year !!!
 If you are ever roving around in the video store (or library, for that matter), and are looking for a film that is going to make you think, keep you on the edge of your seat, teach you important life lessons, and appeal to your senses, "The Mahabharata is the film for you. However, you are going to need a whole day to fully appreciate this masterfully told story.  (It clocks in at around 8 hours, total.)  I know that sounds daunting, but, believe me, it is well worth it.  One of the most gifted geniuses of the stage, Peter Brooke, has directed/produced an amazing labor of love, with his adaptation of the epic Sanskrit collection of stories, centered on two sets of warring brothers (the Pandavas and the Kauravas), both in hot pursuit of the throne.  It took Peter Brook eight years to fully conceptualize and complete this film, and it shows.  The actors span a dozen countries, come from a cross-section of backgrounds and are also multi-generational.  In his choice of casting, it truly cuts to the heart of, what I believe is the central point of "The Mahabharata.  It is the story of the plight of mankind.  If that isn't a more universal story, I don't know what is. Beautiful, brilliant, and very appealing to a diverse audience.
 Many reviews here deplore the butchered three-hour version with good reason.  Be sure to scroll down to the DVD details to make sure you are getting the six-hour version.  There is a Hindi version of this great epic, which was very popular in India, but it is extremely long, with many digressions that Western audiences will find distracting.  The Peter Brook version has been painstakingly translated and designed and made accessible to a modern Western audience, much the way Laurence Olivier did with his Shakespeare movies.  For those with intelligence and sensibility -- i.e. for adults -- this is one of the most profound stories they will ever see.  For those without -- i.e. for adolescents -- it will be a bore.  The Mahabharata is longer than and as ancient as the Bible.  Some of the parallels between the two are too close to be mere coincidence
 This is the creation of the poem to engrave drama in the hearts of man, which culminates in the 18-day war between the noble Pandava princes and their scheming cousins, the Kaurava kings that decides the fate of mankind.  We see how free will and fait can co-exist. Notice that Krishna has an agenda that may or may not be that of the other players in the game. Even in the 18-day war every rule is broken every value is destroyed, leaving no difference between whom is good or who is evil, who is an enemy or who is not. As Krishna does throughout the movie, we see that the only way the Pandava can win is to use any means.  Peter Brook encapsulated the essence of the Mahabharata in a 9-hour play. Then the play was adapted to this six-hour visual media presentation. Visually and melodically stunning this presentation is so well presented that you hardly realize the effort that went into making this representation reflect the true Mahabharata.  Mahabharata literally means Great (Maha) India (Bharat), yet its meaning is the story of mankind, as one would see that mankind started in India.  There are other film and book versions of the story some better some not as good however this is a brilliant work and should not be missed.  In book form, I suggest as a good starting place "Mahabharata -The Acclaimed new rendering of an immortal epic of war and destiny. Retold by William Buck.  Also, do not over look "The Power of Myth -- by Joseph Campbell, Bill Moyers.  <a href="http
 In India, folks will happily watch (if they can) 60 or more episodes of a traditional saga -- done in a single studio, with actors sitting on cardboard props against a blue screen -- and love every minute of it, because they already know the tales by heart and are entering into the celebration of them.  So how does one condense the longest epic poem in the world into a format that will be watched by Westerners with (comparatively) short attention spans?  Yes, this DVD does presume some knowledge of the original; so if you don't know the story, get a Cliff's Notes or look it up on Wikipedia; your viewing will be a lot more pleasurable if you're not trying to figure out the plot as you go.  The delivery is in practically Shakespearean English, to give it the elevated sense the subject requires, and this may take some getting used to as well -- especially since the international cast, representing (visually) ALL of humanity -- can sometimes stumble on the delivery (I agree; subtitles would be a good idea).  Overall, Brook and company have done an excellent job of capturing the essence of the epic Mahabharata, and bringing its central themes to a western audience -- albeit not via spoon feeding; the audience has to recognize the themes, as they're not presented overtly.  I've watched the DVD more than a dozen times, and never cease to be impressed with the depth and subtlety of the writing and direction.  In my book, it beats Bollywood any day, and makes a foreign masterpiece very accessible to us.
 This is the creation of the poem to engrave drama in the hearts of man, which culminates in the 18-day war between the noble Pandava princes and their scheming cousins, the Kaurava kings that decides the fate of mankind.  We see how free will and fait can co-exist. Notice that Krishna has an agenda that may or may not be that of the other players in the game. Even in the 18-day war every rule is broken every value is destroyed, leaving no difference between whom is good or who is evil, who is an enemy or who is not. As Krishna does throughout the movie, we see that the only way the Pandava can win is to use any means.  Peter Brook encapsulated the essence of the Mahabharata in a 9-hour play. Then the play was adapted to this six-hour visual media presentation. Visually and melodically stunning this presentation is so well presented that you hardly realize the effort that went into making this representation reflect the true Mahabharata.  Mahabharata literally means Great (Maha) India (Bharat), yet its meaning is the story of mankind, as one would see that mankind started in India.  There are other film and book versions of the story some better some not as good however this is a brilliant work and should not be missed.  In book form, I suggest as a good starting place "Mahabharata -The Acclaimed new rendering of an immortal epic of war and destiny. Retold by William Buck.  Also, do not over look "The Power of Myth -- by Joseph Campbell, Bill Moyers.  <a href="http
 Make no mistake; this is an abridged version of the original 1990 interpretation and in spite of this, I give it five stars. Peter Brook was the director of the Royal Shakespeare Company in London and of the International Centre for Theatre Research in Paris at the Bouffes du Nord. He has worked on many projects with Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re (President of the French School for Film and Television), who wrote a mini-script of The Mahabharata (Methuen Drama, 1988) that Brooks translated into English. The play came to New York in a nine-hour full stage version (Brooklyn Academy of Music, 1987); it was followed by a six-hour film version which was telecast in Europe in 1989 and by PBS in 1991and has become a DVD collectors' item; I hope that IMAGE will come again with the 285-minute version. Now there is this three-hour version, which was projected in the movie theatres in the mid-nineties. Fortunately, this version conserves intact the original section on the Bhagavad-Gita, and includes the original documentary on "the making of The Mahabharata (54 min.) as a bonus, which deserves to be seen. The cast is composed of a selected group of 42 international actors (India, USA, Burkina-Faso, Japan, Vietnam, Italy, England, Senegal, ....etc.). The music was composed by Toshi Tsuchitori; the songs were interpreted by Sarmila Roy (there is a beautiful CD with the film music
 I first heard of the Mahabharata when I was reading reviews for the video of the play, Nicholas Nickleby. I was rather interested in it. I finally bought the DVD last year because I felt like I had to have it for some reason.  It was worth every penny.  Everything about this movie is perfect. The sets are gorgeous. I love all of the natural elements like water and rock and fire everywhere. And the sand is pretty cool too. Out of all of the performances, two of them are my absolute favorites, Mallika Sarabhai as Draupadi and Mamadou Dioume as Bhima. Had this play opened on Broadway, these two actors would have won Tonies for their parts. Peter Brook and Jean-Claude Carriere created an amazing piece for the stage and for film. There were some moments of the film where I just sat in silence spellbound. One example is when Krishna (wonderfully played by Bruce Meyers) stands above Arjuna (another great performance by Vittorio Mezzogiorno) revealing his true form. The symbolic gestures are stunning and the special effects are enchanting without losing theatricality. Most of all is the overall message of the poem itself. The poem dares to explore all aspects of human life, something that epics like The Iliad or The Odyssey just don't do. Peter Brook is a theatrical genius.  Especially informative is the behind the scenes featurette. It's fun to watch people hearing their views on doing the play and working with Peter. Mallika Sarabhai is even more likeable offscreen than on as we see when she's speaking in the documentary and offering insight on how The Mahabharata is not just religion but pop culture in India. I believe Yoshi Oida (the amazing actor who plays Drona) puts it perfectly about what The Mahabharata has to offer, "In (the) film, we are playing greater (people), greater than us. So, I feel that if I imitate (these people) every day, maybe I (will) become (a) greater person. Yoshi, I intend to do the same thing.
 Watch the making of, and you'll see director/co-writer Peter Brook speak about his contempt for actors who seek personal fame, when they should put their career-making egos aside and focus instead on the work itself... yet Brook's name appears in giant letters on the box, and in the USA the DVD is even listed not as 'The Mahabharata,' but 'Peter Brook's The Mahabharata.' What a tool!  Jean-Claude Carri&egrave;re and Marie-H&eacute;l&egrave;ne Estienne apparently spent 8 years co-writing the screenplay with Brook, yet their names do not appear on the DVD front cover at all.  The making-of documentary includes footage with actress Mallika Sarabhai saying of Brook
 There are two version of this stage production being offered here.  And although they are from the same production, the one that's titled "Peter Brook's The Mahabharata is a 2 DVD set, over 315 minutes while the other one dated as "2008", is only 1 disk and 170 minutes.  The criticisms of the shorter version may be valid. Amazon appears to be applying the reviews of the shorter one to both. The longer version is much more complete and easier to follow, AND is very enjoyable.  It is easily FIVE STAR quality. But the reality is that if the Mahabharata is presented quicker than maybe 2 months of straight delivery, it's abridged.
 Really impressed with this movie.  It was worth the money.  By watching the behind the feature, it really helped to understand the movie from beginning to end.  Looking forward to watching the movie a second time.
 THE DVD I GOT IS NOT VERY GOOD, IT DOES NOT HAVE SUBTITLES AND THE IMAGE IS BLURRY, BUT IS HAS BEEN A LONG TIME SINCE I TRIED TO GET THIS PRODUCT, SO I SHOULD BE GLAD YOU GOT IT FOR ME. THANK YOU, BEATRIZ BELTRAN.
 This is the best adaptation of the Mahabharata ever that i have seen. It is definitely something to own.
 Pours wisdom right into the soul. It changed my life. The largest poem on Earth and it is about YOU! This 6 hour film is derived from the 9 hour stageplay. Absolutely unique and tells you about the meaning of life.
 My 3-year-old daughter, as well as my 16-year-old daughter, loved this movie. I found the content agreeable.  So what if a girl has a crush on a boy, or had been asked if there was a kiss? It's a natural and human progression, afterall, don't parents greet each other with a kiss or affection in the presence of their kids? Barbie Diaries captured the youngest's attention with very good music, and most importantly, the story is a good lesson on being true to yourself, being studious, (Barbie is an honor student in this movie) loyal to your friends and following your dreams. Even the advice of keeping a diary is a good one, we get to see how far we have come, how our goals are realized, etc.. No dark and evil characters like in Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus, Rapunzel, Mermaidia, Fairytopia, etc.., just the nuisance of a self-centered, shallow, popular girl who tries to make Barbie miserable, but all is settled in the end for the benefit of all. It's all good.
 Hi 
 Call me nuts and a dork or even call me childish.. Being 21 and still into barbies is fun.. Only difference is i dont play with barbie dolls i just collect them.. When i heard about this movie and seeing the previews i know i had to add it to my collection.. Its a great movie and it really has a great message that we all need to remember.. Just because we would like to fit in doesnt always mean its a great idea.. It can have its ups and down.. The music for the movie is awesome.. The graphics are out of this world amazing.. Although it couldve had a better storyline and some of the outtakes shouldve been used because they were awesome.. Only thing dumb out the DVD is a special feature called 'Kevins Paper Clip Movie Featurette'.. So i dont give to much away all i can say dont take my word for it see this movie for yourself.. ta ta for now..
 This movie seems so interesting cuase we will see how Barbie lives in the realworld with the new friends Tia, Courtney, Kevin & Todd. & for the first time an Mean character will be introduce in Barbie's world her name is Raquelle and she the Queen of mean aand she hates Barbies I already saw the doll on Ebay I can't wait to get her
 It's a little mature for the typical Barbie crowd.  I bought it for my four year old daughter, and I was taken aback a bit by the more mature themes represented on the DVD (high school, Fall Formals, crushing on the cutest guy in school, etc).  But I actually like the DVD myself.  It's sweet, and has great music throughout by Skye Sweetnam.  My daughter watches it with me, and we discuss things she doesn't understand.  She also loves the music.  But, once again, it would have been nice to have a bit more of a head's up on the actual content.
 I LOVE THIS MOVE!!! They have to come out with a second one. This movie is awesome. I'm a teen and i love it! i loved the other barbie movies but for once it is about real life. And the songs rock. i hope they come out with a soundtrack. This movie should definately be bought. It is fun with todays humor (only the good ones) and is great even for teenagers. take my word for it. It is amazing.
 I completely LOVE LOVE LOVE this dvd movie ! ! ! ! The girls in the movie are between the ages of 15 and 16. They're in their sophmore or second year of high school so it's nice for tweens and teens. I love this movie and it has a nice lesson at the end. It plays perfectly and it arrived two days early. This is my second favorite Barbie movie  next to Barbie Mariposa ). I've only had it for a week and I've watched it over 20 times 
 I am the mother of a Barbie-obsessed 4-year-old and bought this unaware of the plot.  I like the movie but think it's too mature for my daughter right now.  It would be great for a girl in middle school however.  I did find it entertaining.
 This is a Barbie dvd that teaches some real life lessons and inspired my daughter to start a journal.  What more could a mom want in a dvd?  Oh yeah, good music.  It had that too.
 Personally thought this was a great film, most young girls or teens can relate to The graphics are probably the best yet out of the rest of the barbie movies I also did not think that the movie was too mature for young audiences as a previous reviewer stated The scene when Kevin commented on the girls hugging wasn't in any way, shape or form meant to be crude Anyone should be able to see, that Kevin only tries to find ways to be get barbie to realize how much he loves her. It saddens me, to see that someone could have such a negative outlook over such innocent emotions I suppose it's because of reviews like that, why television cencors everything now days
 Honestly, I like ALL the Barbie movies. They are a little cheezy and have fun story lines that anyone can enjoy.  But this one is differnt. First of all, it has a GREAT soundtrack! I absolutely love the music. I'm 26 years old and would have the songs on my playlist and no one would ever know it was from a Barbie movie if they hadn't seen it.  This movie is geared toward older kids, but my younger kids love it as well. I also like the movie. Having to on occasion watch a movie 20 times in a row, having a movie you can enjoy can really help ease the pain of repetitive movies.  The story line is a lot better than some of the fantasy based ones. The dialog is fun and more mature.  All in all, great movie!
 Wow, I'm kinda glad Barbie did this. A teen like movie, I can't wait to watch it. but I wonder why it's showing on TV before it comes out. Oh well, I'm thinking of watching it caue it looks really good. Bratz, Danny Phantom, and My Scene ROCK!!!
 The DVD was received in great condition and in a timely manner.  I will order from seller again.
 This is old Fat Chance Bellydance beginners class in a new cover. If you like FCB, tribal fusion, or fun way to burn calories this is the Thing! Good for all levels, easy to follow for newbies , fun way to drill basics for more advanced students.
 The acting and story are superb. Blending a great western and history lesson in the what occurred in the late 1800's. If you are a Robert Duvall fan you will love it!
 Duvall at his best! Thomas Haden Church absolutely fantastic! The best western in years! Simply put...cinema doesn't get any better than this!
 Thank you Mr. Hill, and especially you, Mr. Duvall, for this wonderful piece of work. Whenever nature gets either one of you up at night, you can can go back to sleep knowing you did good, real good. Thank you.
 ROBERT DUVALL IS GOOD IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS MADE. THIS IS ONE OF HIS GREATEST WITH ACTION, LOVE INTEREST AND SUPPORT FROM HIS CO-ACTORS. THIS IS RIGHT UP WITH ASSINATION TANGO. THANKS MR DUVALL
 1.  I watched half of this via cable while on the road and was so intrigued by it that I got the DVD later on.  2.  Others have mentioned the pros / cons of this movie;  I just think it's one of the best Westerns out there--> great acting, a definite unique twist to the usual Western storyline, and it's based (I don't know how loosely) on a true story.  3.  A definite 5 star.
 An awesome movie.  I had seen it twice and decided I had to own it!
 We had previously seen this movie.  It was so good we wanted to add it to our library.  We enjoyed seeing it again.  We plan to watch it again and share it with our friends.  Thank you for your prompt service.
 This is really a great film to see! Good westerns are getting harder to come by these days. Maybe Hollywood will wise up and make more films of this caliber. Not a moment too soon!
 I thought good westerns died with John Wayne, but this movie will rank high with the classic westerns of yesteryear. Robert Duvall has true grit.
 I am a fan of westerns, but more a fan of great moviemaking and storytelling. Every once in a while comes a great western that leaves you thinking  man this is how a western should be done". With a great cast, story, and superb direction. Again actor Robert Duvall is at the helm of the movie "Broken Trail and again he brings the story to life just as he did for "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range". Without giving away any of the details, this movie has it all. The struggles, tragedies, and the love of humanity of the men and women of that bygone era called the "Untamed West". See it, enjoy it, but most of all, appreciate what great moviemaking is all about.
 This is a great western [mini-series] that should be on everyone's list of Top 25 westerns of all time. It entertains as a western and has an important social message as well. Robert Duvall is amazing as usual and Thomas Haden Church and the supporting cast are excellent as well. If you haven't seen this yet you're in for a wonderful treat and if you've seen it before as I have, at least three times, you'll remind yourself how perfect this western is; and it's beautiful in High Definition!
 I enjoy a great Weatern especially one starring Robert Duvall. I now have, what he calls his trilogy viz. Lonesome Dove, Open Range, and now Broken Trail. Robert Duvall and Clint Eastwood Weaterns are thoroughly enjoyable. I should like to mention I find Amazon provide an excellent service including s perfect follow-up to the purchase. Thank You.  Mike Davies
 A very good western, with somewhat of a chick flick imbedded, meaning my wife enjoyed it too.
 As an old lover of "oaters who thought the genre was mired in the narcissism of the Zane Grey/Owen Wister perceptions until that high watermark and irreducible teleseries, "Lonesome Dove, I was pleasantly surprised AND impressed by this two-parter, equally "true and moving if not quite as embracive and detailed as the former. This Walter Hill effort boasts as flawless a production, from writing through casting and the visuals, plus right-on performancw all around, as to set its own standards. And, as a Chinese-American, its singular and "authentic period Chinese plotline peg struck me as precedential AND arresting. Now, if only someone could make the "back story to the five Chinese girls who literally "make this movie what it is, playing off the standard western white hat/black hat themes. Beautifully, I must add. In my book, one for the books.
 Robert Duvall in another western in the league of Lonesome Dove? You bet, and with Thomas Hayden Church playing an equally as good part.I've watched this movie three times and I'll probably watch it another time before I put it in the rack.
 This movie looks so good on Blu-ray Disc. The Story is Good!!!    So own Broken Trail today.
 I absolutely loved this movie.  I'm not a big fan of westerns, but this movie was different.  It actually had depth to it and wasn't just some gunslinging western.  I liked the little romance part and the way things ended between Tom and Sun Foy.
 I really enjoyed the entire DVD but being an old time traditionalist, I was not happy with the ending which was just plain depressing.  Robert Duvall has now set the standard for resurrecting the old time westerns and proves that there is a demand for good quality movies not depending on sex or excessive violence in order to garner viewers.........  Mr. Duvall has now become one of my favorite actors and joins my other favorite Tom Selleck................
 I love westerns and am glad to see they are making more of them with great success.
 This is a movie well worth watching over and over it is a clean exciting movie that leaves you wanting more of the same. <a href="http
 Well... to start, I rented this video because of the accolades that I had heard at the Golden Globes. I then sat through all four hours in one sitting and watched it another four times within a week! This reminds me of Thousand Pieces of Gold with the wonderful Chris Cooper and Rosalind Chao telling the true story of China Polly. Finally, another western that incorporates the Chinese American experience. The language, acting, scenery are all magnificent.  Robert Duvall gets yet another glowing review from me. Probably the most natural actor... especially in the western genre. And Thomas Hayden Church brilliantly acted. His restraint and angst felt so real. I was so pleasantly surprised and impressed by his take on Tom Harte.  I'm so happy that this is available for purchase.
 This movie was recommended to me by a friend as one I would like being a big Western fan (especially of more modern Westerns!) I bought this Blu-Ray with nothing else to go on and it was pretty good. I didn't realize that it is a two disc/two-part movie and it is quite long, but despite that it is a good and entertaining story
 When I saw the duration of this film - FOUR HOURS! - I immediately reached for the delete button. How could anyone as important as me spend four hours on a single movie?! But my thumb was curious, and slipped from "delete to "play", completely disobeying my wishes. That was the beginning of a terrific slide down the slippery slope of self-indulgence.  Robert Duval brings verisimilitude to the role of the crusty old trail boss, and the supporting cast is truly supporting. No character wavers a jot from their role, and the end result is a gritty and believable portrayal of the west at the turn of the century. The scenery is real - and beautiful beyond description.  Along with the likes of the wonderful Michael Caine movie, "Harry Brown", this film takes its place among my all time favorites.
 A must see for anyone who enjoys Robert DuVall.  Great cast....and oh what a lovely story.  Well worth seeing even if you're not a "cowboy so to speak.  So get out the popcorn and watch a spectacular movie, the story line just keeps you right in the movie.
 Love Robert Duvall and in this movie he is at his best.  He looks to be a real horseman as I have known quite a few in my day.  Very authentic.  Well made movie with beautiful scenery.  As a matter of fact, I think we'll watch it again tonight.
 It is not every actor who can portray an Irish mob lawyer, a radio evangelist and a seasoned cowboy (my favorite) all with the same verve and mastery.  And you've got to love a man who knows how to ride a horse. Duvall rides his horse like he's driving a Cadillac - with total comfort, style and ease.  Very sexy.
 This is a great movie, of course my husband & myself enjoy Robert Duvall. This movie shows the decent side of some cowboys, & the ruthless side of a few. You don't know what will happen next as they drive the 500 horses and encounter Chinese girls. I think the show was very well done.
 Great Classic Western with a twist!  A father and his step son work to take a group of horses across country to sell them to the Army, then are sidetracked as they try to save a group of Chinese girls from being delivered to a Brothel in the West.  They treat them as sisters and daughters and the relationship is both sweet and tragic as they end up forced to fight the "owner as she sends men to try to retrieve them.  Highly recommend this if you like westerns with good stories.
 Broken Trail was recommended to me by a friend as a modern Western that I would enjoy. I missed it on TV, but had a chance to get it via Netflix recently. Watched it with my wife and truly enjoyed the movie. Good story, excellent scenery, interesting characters, and a gun fight, or two.  Robert Duvall continues proving that he is a great Western actor who can handle mature and complex characters. He is not the Duke or Clint, but has a style all his own. Thomas Haden Church provides a surprisingly strong performance as the reluctant nephew. He has come a long way from his "Wings days. Many other reviews detail the plot, so no reason for me to rehash it.  I think the two things I enjoyed most about the film are the scenery (stunning) and the realistic depiction of the West. I always imaginged the West to be a dirty, harsh, tough and dangerous setting. The movie does an excellent job of depicting this era. If you like other Westerns like Open Range, or Lonesome Dove, then you will enjoy this one as well. I highly recommend it.
 ...and you're likely to have a masterpiece on your hands. That was true of "Tender Mercies, "Lonesome Dove, and "Open Range, and it's also true of "Broken Trail, Walter Hill's mesmerizing, exquisitely photographed Western miniseries about a couple of cowboys--uncle and nephew--who come to the rescue of five Chinese girls who were sold into prostitution. Duvall's Print Ritter can't help but remind you of "Lonesome Dove's Gus McCrae or "Open Range's Boss Spearman, but at the same time Print is very different from Gus or Boss in subtle ways that only a master actor such as Duvall can make clear. "Broken Trail is magnificently acted throughout. Thomas Haden Church forgoes his usual goofy persona as Print's nephew Tom Harte, in a thoroughly convincing portrayal of a brave, sad cowboy, downtrodden by life yet beholden to no one. Chris Mulkey--bearing more than a passing resemblance to the late Howard Duff--is properly loathsome as the outlaw "Big Ear Ed Bywaters, and Greta Scacchi is deeply moving as Nola, a hard-luck woman menaced by Bywaters and enamored of Print. Viewers might complain that the young Chinese women don't becomne very individualized, but--given the movie's realism in showing that the girls can't speak English or comprehend Wild West culture--that was probably inevitable. Alan Geoffrion--who also wrote the original novel of "Open Range"--provides a screenplay that isn't all happily-ever-after, but is satisfyingly poignant and filled with rich dialogue and characterizations. "Broken Trail is a must-see for Robert Duvall fans and Western fans alike.
 I fell in love with this movie. The cinematography is beautiful and the setting is idyllic.  Robert Duval proved once again what depth he has as an actor.  He is a true story teller with his craft.  I hadn't seen the supporting actor, Thomas Hayden Church in anything other than "Sideways and was skeptical about him pulling off the role of Robert Duval's nephew.  He surprised me with his believable character.  The story is truly remarkable when you consider that it is based on real lives.  (Is that a spoiler?)  I highly recommend this movie!
 This is one of the best Westerns to come out in several years. It reminds me of of some of the older Westerns, great story and great acting. You can't beat Robert Duvall, he just makes you believe he's an old Cowboy. Thomas Haden Church missed his calling, he could have made some good Westerns over the years. The only problem is nobody writes enough good ones these days. Hopefully THC will get that chance to make a few more in his career.
 best tv movie i have seen in a long long time. it was great.
 This in one of the best westerns of the modern era. I was a stuntman in Hollywood during the 50's when the western was it's most popular. I worked on some huge projects but none as good as todays western. Broken Trail in as good as.....or better, then OPEN RANGE, THE UNFORGIVEN or SILVERADO. Duvall is the "real western cowboy. I worked with him on THE PURSUIT OF D. B. COOPER in 1980 and it doesn't appear that he has changed hardly at all. I recommend this film and guarantee you will watch it over and over.
 This is a fantastic western that certainly urges me to read the novel. The attention to details regarding the time period adds to the flavor of this action/drama. The story-line has plenty of trail grit as well as a realistic portrayal of early prostitution and the true fate of most saloon girls. If you're a western lover, this is a must see.  Chrissy K. McVay - Author
 This is an excellent western that has beautiful scenery, a great story line and excellent acting.  Robert Duvall as Print Ritter plays an old cowhand who decides to take horses from Oregon to Sheridan, Wyoming in 1898 to sell them to an Englishman who needs them for the British army.  He takes along his nephew played by Thomas Haden Church.  Early on they come across a slave trader with young Chinese women and girls being taken to a mining camp.  They run into a bad man who is real life (not some comic book character like some of the old westerns) and the story gets more interesting as it proceeds to a natural western like climax.  Along the way, the scenery, the acting, and the story line kept me interested, so interested that I enjoy seeing this western again and again.  And, unlike many modern westerns that seem to revel in violence (ever since the Wild Bunch of the late 1960s) this one is not overly violent, and it doesn't have to be.  It is very enjoyable and higly recommended just the way that it is.
 Great Movie, showing how ordinary people can show and practice human kindness and compassion to those less fortunate. A must see for movie buffs.
 After viewing the excellent saga of "Lonesome Dove & "Streets of Laredo I looked forward with anticipation to this Movie of the old west. Especially when it stars Robert Duvall, a most underrated actor. Well I wasn't disappointed, it's a great movie, which puts John Waynes West in a totally different catagary. Another underrated actor in my opinion is James Garner who played Tommy lee Jones part I believe in Streets of Laredo. I must admit though I was not impressed with "Return to Lonesome Dove". also I liked "Open Range All these movie give to me a more accurate idea of what the west was really like
 This is one of my very favorite movies!  The DVD was packaged very well, and delivery was lightning fast.  Many thanks!  Would highly recommend to others!
 This was an excellent movie, yet I had never even heard of it before I accidently found it in a bargain bin.
 Church and Duvall team up for an excellent movie in the tradition of Lonesome Dove.  A movie should be like a good book only in video and this one definitely fits that criteria.  A recommended see.  Doug Gollihar/Author & Writer
 this series is great. duvall,church and gwendolyn yeo are magnificent. the story was moving and made me weep at certain times.all the asian girls  were so pretty and sweet.it is a shame asian women were sex slaves in this country and others. we learn from this film and hopefully the love between the cowboys and the asian girls will spread worldwide. this film is highly recommemded.
 If you were an equestrian or just loved horses and real honest people, you will Love this movie. Well worth the money.
 this is a great movie and what a amzing story line about the human sprit .I can watch this movie all the time ...5 stars in my book
 We bought this as a gift for my father-in-law.  He is a fan of westerns and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 Just loved this miniseries. Robert Duvall is absolutely perfect, as is Thomas Hayden Church. Great story, perfectly executed.
 The camera work and scenery here is awesome. Even if the story line were not great this would still be a movie worth watching for the natural beauty of the horses and countryside. However, the story is a great story I enjoy watching this movie every time. Great acting.
 This is one of Robert Duvall's best performances.  If you are a fan, this is a must have.  You'll want to have this in your collection.
 This was a good movie, all 3 hours of it.  I would highly recommend it to any western fan.
 There aren't many actors today who can lay claim to the title "dedicated actor", but Robert Duvall can, anytime. His acting always delivers in one way or another. He is definitely at home in all of his western roles. From Open Range to Broken Trail, Duvall delivers.
 Very good -- never saw it when it first came out -- don't know how I missed it.
 Robert Duvall stars in another great western.  This is a great movie.  It would of been nice if it was all on one DVD, it is broken up into 2 halves.
 I CONSIDERED THIS A VERY INTERTAINING MOVIE.  IT WAS ABLE TO HOLD MY ENTREST VERY WELL EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A LONGER THAN AVERAGE MOVIE. THE TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WERE VERY GOOD AND EXTREAMELY BELEAVABLE.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE LIKE IT.
 Beginning with his role as Augustes McCrae in Lonesome Dove(1989), Robert Duvall has carved out his place in western cinimatic history as the Ultimate American Cowboy.  This is not to be confused with the great personae that a certain Mr. Eastwood, among others, has created during his remarkable film career.  We're not talking about the "man with no name that is today's hero, but rather the real cowboy that would also have been revered in his own time.  In Broken Trail, Robert Duvall continues his portrayal of the sage old cowboy who is frought with human frailties, yet hard-edged enough to survive the dangers of his period.  Just watch for Duvall's mouth movements such as spitting, chewing or the  one-handed smoothing his mustache with a bit of saliva. He is THE GREAT AMERICAN COWBOY and this wonderfully crafted western should be watched just for Robert Duvall's presence.
 I would compare this movie to BBC Planet Earth. Both films are great, have a lot of amazing shots and a few not so amazing. My machine plays this movie at about half of computing power, electricity is filtered, HDTV (used as monitor)calibrated with Spider2Express. This Blu-ray release is not as good as 3
 This movie is incredible!  It has a different twist to it that only makes it more appealing.  Duvall and Church are excellent together and I really enjoyed Church's character.  Great acting by all.
 What a pleasure to watch, at last, a western of the kind which made us dream of America. Every image of that movie could be a Norman Rockwell picture or one of the XIX - XX century great american paintings.  I don't know if the American Dream is still alive, but such a movie certainly keeps the Dream of America as such.
 Another great performance from Robert Duvall, who seems to have a knack for performing fine western characters.  Thomas Haden Church gives a equally fine performance with the added bonus of really looking like a weathered old time cowboy. All of the actors give fine authentic performances, esp the bad guys. The result is a good story well told. I just had to add it to my DVD collection.
 Robert Duvall - his usual superb self in the role of a western character.  High praise also for Thomas Haden Church.....splendid performance.
 Item arrived on time and in great shape. Who does not like a good wrestern? Robert Duvall is always great to watch!!!!!!!!!
 This is a great movie that I wanted toadd tomy collection.  It arrived in a timely manner and as described.  No problems and no complaints.
 The movie was a described.  It came even sooner than it was suppose to. The "sender was quite detailed and everything is great.  i will use this sender again, when possible.
 My ex-wife turned-me-on to Westerns, which were not high on my hit list before giving-in to her, (Yes, I was a easy mark for a sweet voice and and a pretty face, unfortunately it wasn't hers and she ditched me when I remembered who's it was that raced my heart! Tami, if you ever read this I am sorry for any embarassment it brings you, you know it's All true, so don't damn me, please?)  Anyway, once I made the conversion from Comedy to Western, I found Robert Duvall to be the epiome of a Western Hero. (Perhaps who Willie Nelson was thinking of when he wrote M Heros Have Always Been Cowboys)  This is one of Duvall's finest, watch it, enjoy it and never forge Tami, I won't!
 I have not viewed this film, but have read other reviews.  I realize Robert Duvall had larger roles in his named western trilogy.  But he makes an excellent imprint on the Walter Hill movie of Geronimo which starred Wes Studi as Geronimo, Matt Damon as a young officer.  It was a great movie and is still available.  I will be getting Broken Trail soon.
 "Broken Trail", a dream project for producer/star Robert Duvall, and AMC's first original film, is the spiritual heir to Kevin Costner's 2003 "Open Range (also starring Duvall), and one of the most moving, involving Westerns of recent years.  With a charismatic, extremely effective performance by Thomas Haden Church, as Duvall's long-estranged nephew, the film is one of only a handful of Westerns that combine epic sweep, superb characterization, and an understanding of the 'Real West', without shortchanging decency, or respect of an individual's worth. The era was hard, justice could be swift and brutal, and Duvall, as aging but upright Prentice Ritter, lives by his own rules; to protect the helpless in his care, to respect others, and to be unafraid to resort to violence, if necessary. Tom Harte (Church), despite some family history problems with his uncle, lives by the same code, and the two men, driving a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming to raise cash for a ranch, become the 'saviors' of five young Chinese women, sold into prostitution, who inadvertently fall into their hands.  These are good men, in a jaded world, and their journey picks up other 'strays', as well as the women; young Virginian fiddler Heck Gilpin (an engaging Scott Cooper), is rescued by Tom in a saloon; aging Chinese laborer Lung Hay (Donald Fong), and careworn prostitute Nola John (the wonderful Greta Scacchi) join the group after Tom saves the Chinese women from rapists, in a boarding house/bordello. While neither Ritter and Harte were overjoyed at the strange direction the drive was taking, they would not allow harm to fall on 'innocents', and the group bonds into a warm 'family', with Nola and Ritter finding a mature attraction between each other, and Tom and Sun Foy/#3 (Gwendoline Yeo, who speaks only Mandarin, in the film), gently falling in love.  Danger is never far behind them, however, as brutal ex-con 'Big Ears' (Chris Mulkey), with a score to settle with Nola, and a 'contract' to return the Chinese women to whorehouse owner Kate 'Big Rump' Becker (Rusty Schwimmer), trails them, leading a gang of killers...  While the film is long (240 minutes), director Walter Hill, an old hand at Westerns (his "The Long Riders is one of my favorites), keeps the story constantly engrossing, and Duvall and Church have a warmth and authenticity as the characters that will stay with you, long after the movie ends.  Shot in the Canadian Rockies, "Broken Trail combines grandeur and intimacy seamlessly, has moments of great humor to lighten the drama, explosive action, and a bittersweet sense of nostalgia...  It is, simply, superb!
 I watched this film on AMC. This is AMC cable network's first original production starring Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church. It is a fictional story that everyone will want to watch. The background for this movie is based on historical fact of the time. I knew I was going to watch this western as soon as I read that Robert Duvall was involved in the project.  This movie takes place during the late 1800s. It starts with two horse wranglers played by Duvall and Church. Duvall's character, Print Ritter, is Church's uncle. They decide too wrangle horses and sell them to the British Empire who needed them for the Boer War. In the movie we follow this magnificent heard of horses as they are driven east across beautiful country. During the drive they run into five Chinese women who were being kidnapped from the West Coast and brought to the interior west to serve as prostitutes. The story of our horse drive and the story of five Chinese women become intertwined.  What makes this western special is we see the personal growth of Print Ritter from lonesome cowboy to father figure. And what makes this western unique is we see the story from the view of the female characters. Though the movie did not end exactly as I expected, it was close, yet seemed more real.  This is a must see movie. The story line, acting, scenery, background are all top notch. It was hard for me to believe that this was not very large big screen production.
 Wow!  This is why filmmakers make movies.  This movie will capture your imagination and heart.  It is a big epic of a western, beautifuly filmed, with an intriging story line that will keep you guessing right up until the very end.  I am a devoted western movie fan, and this movie ranks up there with the very best of the genre.  Robert Duvall, best known as "Agustus in Lonesome Dove, dons western garb once again and stars in a lengthy, yet thoroughly enjoyable tale of a horse drive across the plains to Sheridan, Wyoming.  Duvall employs his nephew in the endevor, and they unexpectedly meet up with a variety of both endearing and unsavory characters along the way.  This is not a shoot 'em up western. It is not action-packed.  It meanders at a leisurly pace, as an actual horse drive would, yet an enjoyable pace from beginning to end.  Duvall, as the patriarch Print Ritter, and his nephew Tom Harte, (played exceedingly strongly by Thomas Church) take about 500 head of horses to Wyoming.  On the trail, they cross trails with an evil pimp who is moving five Chinese girls to a mining camp where they will be sold into the living hell of prostitution.  The Chinese are sweet innocent beings who are being mistreated by the pimp, and through a series of incidents, the girls become the responsibility of Ritter and Harte.  From there, the group picks up additional characters
 What is it that makes a good Western? Most people who hate Westerns will tell you that they're all the same and, in many cases such is true. Accordingly, I could go on and on about the elements of this movie that are characteristic of all good Westerns. But then I would likely be parroting the excellent points made in most of the previous reviews here.  But for the purposes of my review, I choose to talk about the things that make BROKEN TRAIL special.  First, the characters and the way they are portrayed is extremely compelling.  I like how Print Ritter, played masterfully by Robert Duvall, is an "equal-to-life hero.  He's not set here as a Western giant, the likes of John Wayne, who can do no wrong and who has complete confidence in everything that he sets his mind to.  Instead, Ritter is a man of doubts, strengths, concerns and confidences who approaches life as any one of us might. He chooses some things right and in other things he fall short. Wonderful "every man mentality. But then this is becoming a refreshingly consistent story for Western characters played by Robert Duvall.  Such is also true of Ritter's nephew, Thomas Harte played by Thomas Haden Church. There's friction between Harte and his uncle but then there's an abiding respect that helps form the foundation of one of the finest relationships ever to grace the Western screen. In its own way it's right up there with Gus and Call. Church's deliberate, plodding style creates a confidence in viewers that is nothing short of wonderful. One seems to feel that, come what may, Harte may very well be the last man standing and in the end he doesn't disappoint.  And then there's Big Ears Bywater played about as coldly (and wonderfully, I might add) as imaginable by Chris Mulkey. Without expression, even when Ritter defiantly smashes his face with a butt of his head, Big Ears is reminiscent in numerous ways of the demoniacal Blue Duck of LONESOME DOVE fame. He's the sort of villain that keeps the audience wondering whether this is a story that, in the end, goes to the bad guy.  But then I'll leave you to watch and see for yourself.  Gwendoline Yeo, Olivia Cheng, Caroline Chan, Jadyn Wong and Valerie Tian are wonderful in their portrayals of five young unfortunate Chinese woman, sold into prostitution and without any apparent hope.  Interestingly, they project an air of vulnerable strength that wins the hearts of Ritter and Harte, as well as the viewer.  No condescension, racism or the pathetic stereotype that might have emerged. You pull for these girls, not because they are helpless, but because their personalities shine clearly through.  Add supporting performances by Donald Fong as Lung Hay, Greta Scacchi as Nola, Scott Cooper as Heck Gilpin, James Russo as Captain Billy Fender and Rusty Schwimmer as Big Rump Kate and the spectacular, breathtaking cinematography and what emerges in BROKEN TRAIL is a Western drama that quite easily stands up with some of the best in the genre.  THE HORSEMAN
 I saw this on AMC and want to get it on DVD when it comes out!  It is one of those Westerns that you just know you will want to see over and over again.  It did not surprise me that it was that good as I could not imagine Robert Duvall being in a Western that was not well done!  All of the actors are excellent, the scenery is beautiful, the story not only holds your interest, but is very believable and depicts the people and the times in an accurate light.  I also liked the fact that this Western covered a subject very few Westerns make more than a passing mention of and that is the Chinese in the Old West.  I highly recommend this Western to all that like a good story and especially a good Western.
 This is a really moving and marvelous western. Robert Duval (also Exec. Producer) said he considers this the third part of his personal western trilogy (Lonesome Dove 1 & 2 being the first parts)... but the story here, and his character is different. (I didn't care for Lonesome Dove, BTW, it was too hard-hearted for me.)  Like most great westerns the real battle here is between corruption and ethics, even if they are wild west ethics. Duval and Church give 100% perfect performances, but Gwendolyn Yeo as the sweet strong mother figure for the Chinese girls is the heart of this piece, and she gives us brilliant moments of heart wrenching confusion, relief and joy. It is her smile which brightens this dark tale, this, and the Director's vision that true goodness does actually exist, and has strength and power. That mindset is what makes any western great.  In the traditional trail drive, non verbal male atmosphere, we have 5 kidnapped Chinese women ( rightfully not dubbed, so seemingly non-verbal as well) and this mix lifts the story far above the ordinary.  Greta Scacchi - looking beautifully her age - later comes in as a woman whose life has let her slip far downhill, and we have a truly great, restrained, mature, romantic scene between Duvall and Scacchi.  Through all of this is really beautiful and majestic cinematography, used to to it's best to highlight and magnify the whole story. Even in a genre known for landscape, this one is near the top for scenes of raw, expansive, natural beauty. We see why Duvall's character feels most alive on the trail.  This is a smart western for men and women, a western that is also a date movie... one of the greats of the genre.
 I can only hope they someone keeps making Westerns because the few that have been made the last few years have been outstanding. This one, a TV miniseries, is just great. I can't say enough good things about it. I saw it recently on DVD. It was a three-hour film. I thought I read somewhere that it was four hours, so I don't know if this version has been cut down. I only know what I saw, and I liked about everything I saw.  I also knew what to expect.....and that helped. I didn't expect a rough film with a ton of violence and nasty characters, language, etc. What surprised me was just how interesting a film this was for being three hours long and not having a lot of action. I attribute this to the dialog, the acting, characters you care about and the wonderful cinematography. It's hard to beat the scenery in a nicely-filmed western.  The words coming out of the two stars of the picture, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church were extremely believable material. These guys were tough, but not abrasively- macho, compassionate but not sappy. As "Prentice Ritter and "Tom Harte, respectively, they fascinating to watch. I liked what they said throughout the movie and they were extremely believable characters. They looked and talked the part.  This story is different because it's mainly about helping five young Chinese women, who are destined for prostitution, slavery and who knows what else. Ritter and Harte didn't volunteer for the job; it accidentally came upon them as they were escorting horses North for a nice payday. The two men showed wonderful compassion for these girls, despite the fact they slowed their mission down and had a problem with communication.  It simple terms
 If you like Robert Duvall as a cowboy (Open Range, Lonesome Dove) then you are in for a big big treat!!!!  I saw this on AMC the other day and I was truly inspired.  The acting is great, the story is excellent, and the camera shots are beyond comparision.  If you love Westerns like I do--get this now!!!  There are alot of familiar actors in this film that I reconized and it made the film so excellent.  Especially the one that played his nephew--what a performance--both actors are great as cowboys.  Get this movie as soon as it is released.  I know I will.  Don't miss it!!!!!
 Mr. Duvall, thank you for your persistance in getting this movie to the TV screen.  It is a wonderful portrayal of the Old West, two men, and the plight of Chinese in the Old West.
 This is a western which really demonstrates human values.  Robert Duvall (Prentice Ritter) and his nephew Thomas Hayden Church (Tom Harte) play weather beaten but honest cowboys, along with an educated new cow-hand Scott Cooper, who also plays the violin. These three dust covered cowboys, drive a herd of top notch horses northward in order to sell them to the U.S. Army, but due to sudden adverse circumstances wind up protecting five Chinese girls who were being abused for money by corrupt 'human lice'.  Donald Fong does a wonderful job playing Lung Hay, who also assists the three cowboys with the five girls, and later on a lady caught up with the bad guys, headed by Chris Mulkey, playing a cruel gunmen named Big Ears, who teams up with three other low life gunmen who are after the fine herd of horses plus the Chinese girls.  The actresses playing the Chinese girls are as follow
 The scenery in this movie would make it worth seeing time after time, even if the story were not so good. I was completely unaware of this title and ordered it for my Dad (Lonesome Dove - the movies only - huge fan) and we watched this several times when I was at home last. The story has a lot of twists and turns, not everyone is okay, not everyone survives. True to life out in the back country and wonderful acting. I don't know if I missed this if it was in theaters or on t.v., but am so glad to know about it now. My college-age son & his g.f. watched it with us one night and were truly fascinated. They thought the story was very well told and acted and the scenery was gorgeous. SO.....in short, it works for anyone who likes this genre & is between the ages of 22 & 81 -- or at least that is my personal experience!
 beautiful settings, wonderful casting, good storyline and screenplay, well edited, fantastically performed by almost every role player. what can you say and enjoy more of this kinda movie!? a nostalgic revisit of the 'lonesome dove' and its similar characters. the galloping horses in the picturestic mountains and plateaus, a pleasant and wonderful viewing experience.
 I have to preface this review (some cultural background) because its just another review if I do not. I am rather surprised that a Western has intrigued me as much as this movie. I liked Open Range but I think I was experiencing more than a Western with Broken Trail, kind of like unveiling the hidden meanings in poetry. Growing up in the "Black Community, we did not watch many westerns, if any, so I asked myself what is so intriguing about this western? I have no conscious relationship to this western. I have watched as little as 5 films more than twice, and I love analyzing and enjoying film since the 1980's. I think Broken Trail speaks to my inner spirituality and the importance of taking journeys.  I also think that the historical accuracy of the women most likely being Chinese, allowed me to just enjoy the film and not ask what are these characters doing in this film?! They were very attractive in many ways and because of the language barrier the facial expression and body language made it more interesting. The way #3 was falling in love with (Thomas Hayden Church) without words, was poignant. When she did not get on the stagecoach ride to San Francisco, at the end of the movie,  and just stood there with her hand on her heart crying,..Wow! I almost cried. Again I am from a neighborhood where being macho kept you from an ass-whuppin' and very often hid the sensitivity necessary to be a whole man. We had no connection to the country life, or any knowledge of Black cowboys at the time, so there was no interest in any westerns. I know its the hidden messages of caring for others, persevering through hardships, and the beauty of other cultures, that touched me deeply. Good job Mr. Duvall.
 I said it before -- Duvall can cowboy, period. I was born in Nevada, in the late 40s ( Gad, that makes me sound old! ), and I grew up around horses and drovers on a ranch. Duvall and Church have captured the feel of the old West -- the manners or lack therof, the life on the trail, and everyone who would like to see a little slice of life before modern conveniences should watch this.
 For those of you who are big fans of the TV mini-series, Lonesome Dove, and the Kevin Costner movie, Open Range, here's another one to wet your appetite with--Broken Trail, starring the great Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  It was only by accident (I was watching the Hollywood Foreign Press Awards show a few months ago and Duvall was nominated for his role in Broken Trail) that I found out about this three-hour mini-series made specifically for the American Movie Channel in 2006.  And, once I found out about it, I discovered that the mini-series was already out on DVD.  Miracles do occasionally happen!  Anyway, Broken Trail is the story of Print Ritter (played by Duvall) who inherits his sister's farm after she dies.  Her son, Tom Harte (played by Church), is left nothing because he took it upon himself to strike out on his own years earlier.  Ritter meets with Harte and explains what has happen, suggesting that maybe the both of them could join together and lead a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming.  Since Harte has nothing to lose, he agrees to help his uncle for twenty-five percent of the profits.  In their journey across the north-western part of the country, they pick-up a Virginian gentleman/fiddler named Heck Gilpin (played by Scott Cooper), five abused and abandoned Chinese women who'd been sold into a life of slavery, a prostitute with a broken nose who's played by Greta Scacchi, and an old Chinese man played by Donald Wong.  To make matters even more complicated, they're being followed by a group of killers, led by Big Ears (played by Chris Mulkey), and there will be a final showdown.  Broken Trail delivers in full force with the majestic scenery of the northwest, a story of goodness battling evil with the killing fast and violent, the superb acting of both Robert Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church (not to mention the rest of the cast, especially Chris Mulkey as the villain who never raises his voice, yet manages to project a true sense of evil), the eye for detail and accuracy about the Old West, and the excellent direction of Walter Hill.  This is the kind of Western that you'll want to watch over and over again with Robert Duvall playing the type of role that he was born for.  The DVD extras include a twenty-minute featurette on the Making of Broken Trail.  Thank God for DVDs.  Now, when a truly excellent movie like Broken Trail appears on a TV station that you don't get, all you have to do is wait for the DVD to come out.  Highly recommended!
 I saw this movie for the first time on American Movie Classics (AMC) and just kept wanting to see it again and again. This is one of my favorite movies now. The story is unique and riveting.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are wonderful in this movie. I love it because the main characters, Church and Duvall, are honorable men in a lawless, wild part of our history.  I wish the story were really true. There's plenty of horse riding, shooting and fighting, but there's also undercurrents of romance and love. It's just a great movie!
 This is a wonderful western withsomething to say, a great story line and wonderfull cast.  Robert Duvall is one of my all time favorite actors and he does another bang up job here.  I was also impressed by Thomas Haden Church, I never imagined him as the prototypical cowboy but he does a great job here.  Oh yeah!
 The scenery makes it worth the upgrade to Blu-ray.  Add that to a great plot, great cinematography, and award-winning acting, you get a movie that you might put in your personal 'top ten' list.  Yep, it's that good.
 This movie was like old time hollywood.  Then they had class.  Today mostly junk.  I loved this movie. Robert Duvall and all were marvelous and as I watched this movie I was entranced.  Why did this not win an award?  Stupid hollywood. I hope more quality movies TV or other will be made.  But I doubt it.  Hooray for Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.
 It is always a pleasure to see a well-done western. Broken Trail adds to that genre with a tale about two cowboys delivering horses from Oregon to Wyoming and the troubles start when they rescue 5 Chinese girls that are destined to be sold as sex slaves. Robert Duvall is one of America's most memorable cowboys and he adds to his legend here, Thomas Haden Church is terrific as the laconic, no nonsense cowboy. The beautiful part about this original AMC is that though we've seen everything a Western could possibly offer, Broken Trail keeps surprising you and getting away from the expected formula. It has a rich storyline that keeps building and a nice balance between action, humor and on the edge of your seat expectations. But you don't need to be on the edge of your seat, sit back, kick your shoes off, pour yourself a cup of coffee and revel in a well told story.
 The movie took me to another world. At the same time the actions scenes are fantastic. It is so emotional. Robert Duval is a great actor and he outperforms his role. I felt love and friendship when I was watching this movie. I bought this DVD and added it to my collection because I feel that I will be able to watch it time and time again. I strongly recommend it to anyone who likes westerns.
 BROKEN TRAIL is a film that is similar to RED RIVER, one of the great classics of American cinema, which stars John Wayne and Montgomery Clift.  Both of the films concern drives of livestock across hundreds of miles in the American west.  In BROKEN TRAIL, the livestock are horses, and the trip is from Oregon to Wyoming, while in RED RIVER, the livestock are cattle, and the trip is from Texas to Kansas.  Having watched RED RIVER a few times, I was expecting some sort of tension or schism to occur among the cowboys in BROKEN TRAIL, but this never materialized in BROKEN TRAIL.  Perhaps, this sort of expectation made me more involved with or interested in BROKEN TRAIL.  BROKEN TRAIL requires watching two DVD discs, each about 90 minutes long.  Here are the positive features of BROKEN TRAIL.  I was not able to detect any shortcomings
 FINALLY!!! I love American Westerns.  I love US History, Native Americans, horses and adventures.  I grew up thinking "Why can't Chinese people have significant leading roles in the Westerns? Were we not a part of the American history??? Railroad anyone? California Gold Rush? This is better than my wildest dreams!  5 Chinese girls in leading, respectable, roles in a Western!!!  I am so happy! Thomas Haden Church is so hot because of this role!  Everyone!!!  Go watch it!
 Both Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church excel and head a marvelous cast in this gripping western that is filled with amazingly beautiful images of the American Northwest.  About 3 hours long, but it seems much less.  I wanted it to go on and on.  Two men with a plan for the future discover just how many curves fate can throw in their direction, and they adapt wonderfully.  This is a western that your wife will enjoy as well as yourself;  sometimes the heartstrings are being pulled as well as the triggers.  The images on Blu-Ray are outstanding.
 This is one of the most beautifully filmed and moving stories of all time.Blu-ray only makes it even more beautiful to behold.Both Duvall and Church are superb in their portrayals of cowboys with hearts.This BD belongs in every man's library.
 This was a spendidly made movie. It was like "watching a beautiful poem or a "moving oil landscape. I was mesmerised.  As always, Robert Duvall gave a wonderful performance. He is such a multi talented actor, but the western is his forte. From Lonesome Dove, Tender Mercies, Open Range and now Broken Trail. It is his show!  It was my first time to see Thomas Haden Church, and he was equally as wonderful. His understated performance had me from the time he came onto the screen. Never trying to compete with or out do Mr Duvall, he held his own . . .  I understand their maybe a sequel with Mr Church. I am anxiously anticipating another beautiful movie, only missing Mr Duvall. . .maybe he is just making another great western somewhere. . .One can only hope!
 This movie is terrific. A stark look into the old west and how the bad people treated the less fortunate and the good people who had higher moral values. Great job by Robert Duvall and Tom Church.
 I love westerns, and this one ranks as one of the greatest of all times. Much superior to the over-rated Lonesome Dove. If I could give this 10 stars, I would!!
 I thoroughly enjoyed watching `Broken Trail' and after viewing westerns for over five decades I would now rank this movie as my favourite. It is superb in all respects. The landscapes are spectacular, the acting brilliant, the action at times breathtaking and a storyline that readily elicits, in the viewer, a full range of emotions.  The Blu-ray version does great justice to the movie. The colour, the sound and the sharpness of each frame make this movie a true high definition experience.  The credits at the end of the movie indicated that the story was based on true events and this surprise, without forewarning, acted like the icing on an already delicious slice of cake. It's a movie that I will watch over and over again.
 While you might not know it reading my reviews here at Amazon, I'm big on Western movies. When I saw Broken Trail and read the description of the movie, I decided to give this one a shot and, by gum, it turned out to be a good one.  Broken Trail tells the story of Print Ritter (Academy Award winner Robert Duvall) and his nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church, Spider-Man 3) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming. Along the way, they come across five abused chinese women who are being transported to a brothel to have their virginity auctioned off. Their lives become intertwined and that's where this saga begins.  Director Walter Hill did an admirable job making the movie. The movie has you, actually, believing that it is taking place during the 1800s. Things are accurate for the time in everyway and that's what I like most about the movie.Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church do superb performances as Uncle and Nephew.
 I have written before on many westerns. And I have written before on one of the entries in Robert Duvall&iexcl; Trilogy (Open Range). His Trilogy includes Lonesome Dove, Broken Trail and Open Range. I return with a review of a second movie from that Trilogy
 Robert Duvall rounds off his Western trilogy (Lonesome Dove, Open Range) in much the same way he started it... laidback on the outside and full of homespun wisdom, (Don't measure your wealth by how much money you have, son) but tough as nails when you get him riled.  However, Broken Trail should not be considered as an also-ran, coasting in the coattails of its obvious and considerable predecessor.  It certainly does owe much to Lonesome Dove, as the two men seek to herd 500 horses across the country to earn enough money to own their own land, all the while learning more about themselves and each other along the way.  However, this certainly has enough of its own style with Walter Hill back on great form (welcome back, Walter, it's been a while...), and the two leads Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church simply outstanding, to make this solid, entertaining, educational and moving in it's own right. The twist in this movie, is that along the way, they take in 5 innocent but abused Chinese women who have been at the mercy of a low life trafficker (yes, it's actually a chattel drive), thus reflecting the actual historical problem of the time, whereby Chinese daughters were sold into slavery and prostitution in the US.  Their new wards bring the two upright but gritty men into contact with horse thieves, gunslingers, brothel keepers and even the proverbial hooker with a heart of gold as their horse drive becomes altogether more dangerous and eventful than they had anticipated.  And yet, while including all these mores of the genre the movie has such an intenseness and realism, that the characters never feel like story conveniences or clich&eacute;s. Hill directed the pilot episode of Deadwood, which shows here in the gritty style, the unflinching look at the griminess and harshness of the time, and the harshness of the language, and yes, even the sparseness of the scenery.  The violence is not dwelt on however - indeed, in many cases the coup de gre is delivered off screen, and by the end of the movie you have actually seen a lot less violence than you might expect.  In fact, the very sparseness of the script and the corollary of this seen in the seemingly endless fields, with breathtaking mountains of the Rockies in the background (it was shot in Canada) and often photographed through a snowy haze as the cowboys hunker down for the long slog, actually make the movie all the more memorable and yes, beautiful in its own way. Bleak and harsh, and yet full of warmth and humanity, and a story where people matter in an era when there was plenty of hard times and hard people to dehumanize life, make this a quietly enthralling movie, full of unexpected moments.  Criticized by some for its running time, I reveled in the leisurely pace which allowed time to relish the scenery and enjoy the pauses in the conversation.  Highly recommended
 I gave this is a gift and them loved it, told me it's a really good movie and can see themselves watching it many times in the future
 Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make an excellent combination in this Old West seting. Great story line with excellent acting. If you like westerns, you will love this.
 I never get tried of watching Robert Duvall movies.  His sense of fairness and compassion comes across in every part he plays.  Thomas Haden Chruch's performance in this movie made me like him a little more.
 I have seen a lot of westerns and this one is right up there with acting, authenticity and western feel. Action and beauty, along with the great camera work, capture the true west. I know...I was raised in Wyoming and Colorado, branding, driving horses, cattle and even sheep(which was usually done by the Basks...as the movie depicts...and living the cowboy (not citified urban) life. It wasn't easy, but they were the best lessons I've ever had. This movie touches on sooo many of the real situations, type of talk and attitude that was prevelent at that era. Don't miss the chance to take some quality time and let yourself ride in this wonderful film. Robert Duval and the complete cast is magnificant....Happy Trails To You, Pardner!...enjoy "Broken Trail I picked this up as part of a buy up of cheap BD titles on Amazon that had semi-reasonable reviews and proper HD audio tracks (this show having not screened here in New Zealand previously)... Very impressed for a 2-part TV mini-series... Both Robert Duvall & Thomas Haden Church really seemed into their roles and bought a believability to their characters of two (rare) decent humanitarian frontiersmen (Uncle & Nephew), who still aren't perfect, and (as a result of their lives on the frontier) are still prepared to kill when there is no other option. Set at the very end of the Old West era (1898 - typically the massacre at Wounded Knee in 1890 is often considered the official end of the Old West as it was the end of the plains wars with the Native American Indians, but some areas remained unchanged right into the 20th Century), it starts in Oregon and heads north & east through the last untamed area of America at the time and eventually into Wyoming, as Duvall & Haden Church drive a herd of horses to market to make their stake money to buy ranches/land and start new lives...  This is a good solid western, with a strong humanitarian story, and a reasonable amount of harshness and bad luck as well. Duvall & Haden Church face numerous challenges, ethical dilemmas, and life threatening dangers during their journey and for a TV Mini-Series I think this is presented very well and keeps the story moving from one event to another without being unduly hasty... There is also some excellent (dare I say sumptuous) scenes of, well, scenery! The Blu-ray image quality seems very good, and several scenes made me want to start planning a trip to the US just to go up to the North West & Canada to see it for real (most of the movie is filmed in Canada I believe).  Highly recommended for anyone who is a Western Fan or such like... I bought this on a punt (i.e. knew nothing about it except what was on Amazon website) and am really pleased with the buy - will definitely watch it a few more times over the next few years... I didn't even realise how many awards it won or got nominated for, until after I had purchased and watched it!  Based on true events too, apparently...
 I have been buying from Amazon now for 2 years and they have never been late on a promised delivery time.  Now that I am buying Blu-Ray DVDs, Amazon is the only way to go.  If you buy 3, you can save enough on one movie to pay to for shipping, so you get 3 for the price of 2 at Wal-Mart or Best Buy.  Also, you can't find this title locally.  This is a under-rated gem of a film.  Reference quality transfer with just a few specks.  9 out of a 10.  Very good picture quality, even in the low light and night shots.  Excellent story and character development.  Audio doesn't use the rear surround speakers much though, about the only knock against this film.  Audio on the front is very good with dialog always easy to hear.  This is a definite buy on Blu-Ray if you like westerns.
 Great Western, highly recommend. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church both did a great job with this movie.  It had a nice switch with it dealing with them driving horses and come across 5 Chinese girls that they save from being sold into prostitution and many adventures along the journey.
 After all the westerns ever made, you'd think that they'd run out of good ideas after a while. But "Broken Trail proves that there is still life, and fresh blood, to be seen in THE American film genre. The three-hour film finds an uncle and nephew running a herd of horses to Wyoming, and unexpectedly become guardians of five Oriental women meant to become prostitutes. The journey that they all take together is a truly fascinating one, which has never been covered in this genre before. While the storytelling and cinematography are great, the two highlights are the casting and the music. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church are fantastic as the two male leads, and well-deserved the Emmys they won for their roles. The strong supporting cast, of which there are too many to name here, do fantastic as well. The score by David Mansfield and Van Dyke Parks is truly memorable, and adds to the strengths of this epic piece. As a fan of the western, I truly enjoyed "Broken Trail. If you enjoy this genre, and the acting talents of Duvall and Haden Church, then you'll enjoy it as well. Movie/DVD Grade
 This is wonderful movie where the cast fits "hand in glove.  Words cannot describe how uplifting, heartwarming and refreshing it is to see a movie that focuses on compassion and care for others such as this, rather than the ad nauseum sagas of the self-centered, surgically "beautified celebrities of today.  Robert Duvall has starred in many movies that depict real people in realistic life situations, always with a villain we "love to hate. MORE PLEASE!  M.L. Paxton
 What a pairing-Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  This was an example of intelligent movie making.  So realistic.  Moments of violence and tenderness were indicative of the many contrasts in this movie.  To have the Chinese females as central to the journey was realistic and clever.  After watching this movie many times I regained my faith in the movie making industry.
 Duvall is king, for a western actor. Very well done movie if you like the westerns like I do. Worth a view you wont be sorry for the time spent.
 I'm a big western movie fan and have not seen a western of this caliber for some time. This movie winds up the Robert Duval westerns that started with Lonesome Dove. Thomas Haden Church did a great job of being a convincing good guy with a rough edge and spirit. The movie itself has a new spin with the introduction of the story of the injustices that were suffered by illegal Chinese immigrants during the time period depicted in the movie. Gwendoline Yeo plays the leader of a group of young ladies smuggled into the country that are sold into slavery for the purpose of prostitution. The good guys save them from the bad guys just like in the old westerns of years ago. Thought prevoking good entertainment!
 Broken Trail is a wonderful movie.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are brilliantly cast as the main characters.  The scenery is beautiful and very picturesque.  I've watched this movie time and time again it is so entertaining and the ending is perfect.  Wish Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church would pair up in another western.  They were terrific!
 This is a great move. It is an honest rendention of life during this time frame. The charactors are not heros but down to earth people doing what they know is right and just. I highly recommend this move for all family members to watch together.
 I don't care about some western movies, but htis one was excellent to me it is a western with a little drama
 I loved this movie, as did my husband. I think Robert Duvall is a great actor and there was a lot of feeling in this movie. You can bet we will be watching this movie many more times.
 If you love Robert Duvall's westerns, you'll want to own a copy of this classic. Makes one wonder why the major studios can turn out so much chaff, then this indy production (read Duvall production) for AMC trumps so many others. But that was how Lonesome Dove came to be as well. OK, this doesn't have Tommy Lee Jones, Danny Glover or Anjelica Houston, but this sharp Canadian job nails the plot, acting and overall production very very well.  Enjoy it, we did!
 As usual Duval was superb,as was the rest of the cast.I felt I was there.It gave me the sense of the time and space of those early days of the west.A sad story in many ways,but beautifully told, and directed.The scenery was as only the west can be, magnificent! I will watch it many times with great affection.5 stars of course.  M.P. Ormsby. Wollongong.Australia.
 ASIN
 A really enjoyable movie in the same vein as Lonesome Dove, great outdors effects and stunning scenery, the acting is first class, excellent story line, very authentic attention to detail, and to cap it all off an outstanding performance from Robert Duval and all the actors in the movie. All the ingrients of a first class western, certainly gets my vote.
 Robert Duvall knows exactly what he's doing in these two films (Broken Trail and Open Range).  Beautiful scenery that is reminiscent of the "Old West is supplemented with a basic story-line that shows the intracasies of life on the "open range".  Duvall knows how to act and authenticate his role, especially in "westerns. He IS a cowboy, rancher, businessman and man with a "heart in his role.  The surround sound is magnificent, complete with peals of thunder and the crack of lightning, blasting from separate speakers (if your system is set up correctly). The crack of the pistols and rifles and thundering hoofs of the horses is realistically passed through the audio track(s) of these movies.  If you love "westerns", the way they SHOULD be, make these two films part of your collection.  Your grandkids will love you for it!
 Robert Duvall can gallop into a western without much in the way of preparation, such is his natural affinity for the genre.  Not surprisingly, he delivers yet another convincing and satisfying performance as the uncle who inherits his sister's estate and then strikes a deal with his nephew to set things right.  It's not the typical conflict of western epics, but good enough to set the story in motion and bring it to an odd but worthy conclusion.  Thomas Haden Church as the rejected son is the real surprise in Broken Trail.  While his character is low key, the honesty and humor Church delivers is far from it.  In every scene he persuasively portrays a man who responds to his situation with quiet strength and pragmatic acceptance of the outcome. Beyond stellar performances, the film offers great production which includes beautiful scenery and attention to detail.  There are moments when the story seems to noticably slow down, but this strikes me as purposeful.  The scenes in between story movement are what give it depth, and contrast the ugliness of human subjugation with the gorgeous landscape in which it takes place.  This is a rare film that stands up to many repeated viewings without ever becoming stale.
 Wonderful Movie. Great acting, great plot. This was a gift for my husband and we both really enjoyed the movie. Robert Duvall is one of his favorite actors and this was a superb performance. We both enjoy westerns. This movie did have some foul language, crusty old men type, but not an overabundance of foul language; we did however watch in using the Guardian.
 It's not rated but it's not for young kids because of some brief nudity. A big part of the movie is forced prostitution. There's also intense violence. I really wish my sons could watch this because the story is GREAT. Some hardened cowboys come across some utterly helpless young ladies and do whatever it takes to take care of them. This is classic, perfect Robert Duvall. It's gritty and completely realistic. The rest of the cast is good too.
 Good story, terrific script.  Well cast - everyone is really good.
 I was so happy to see this story again and what made it even better was the dvds were in great shape! No skipping, no scratches, no damages what-so-ever.
 An excellent movie with gritty characters.  The action is raw, matter-of fact, sometimes violent. But that's the way life is. The scenery is great. Broken Trail is a long two part made for TV movie so don't get confused when you see the credits rolling half way through.  Just hit the can and when you come back part 2 should be playing. If you like watching horses this is a good movie.
 A very touching, often profound, tale. Robert Duvall has been simply outstanding. And Ah! The landscape made me feel leave everything behind and pick up the trail, sit by a campfire, and talk to the stars. You will like it; a western film with so much humanity is rare. Most western films touch or have touched some mythical need--hero, savior etc. This one does something different--as if it tried to touch the time in tries to portray, necessary ruggedness does not loose the fact that deep down, undercurrent of emotion, tenderness still flows. Good show. Watch it.
 I thoroughly enjoyed the humanity that the story conveyed which was so weel put across by ALL the actors and actresses. Duvall is tops, Haden-Church very good and the chinese ladies were wonderful. The shots of the mountains and general country scenes were uplifting. A great movie I will treasure.
 I haven't seen this DVD, but I saw the mini-series when it was broadcast and agree with all the positive comments -- including that it is better than the more famous Lonesome Dove.  One thing I haven't seen mentioned here is that it gets my vote in Movie FanFare's recent "What's the all-time best movie shootout? poll.  I hit rewind on my DVR about four times just for the pleasure of watching the shootout sequence over again -- by itself that sequence elevates this to Western Classic status. Splendidly done!
 received movie broken trail in very prompted time and was in very good shape, made a nice add to my movie collection
 My complaints about "modern western movies is that they often have no heart and I often stop watching before they end. Broken Trail was done as a television mini-series and has plenty of heart and soul and I've watched it through to the end many times. The breath-taking cinematography, the hard-hitting action and the heart-warming characters make this movie experience seem much shorter to me than the actual 3 hours.  The one minor problem I have is with one reference by Ritter to the Rosetta Stone..and I have my doubts that a poorly educated cowboy of that era would have ever heard of the Rosetta Stone....but that is just my problem with this otherwise wonderful and believable story.   I liked Lonesome Dove as well as Open Range, but Broken Trail is my favorite of all Robert Duvall's masterful western character interpretations. Print Ritter (Robert Duvall) and nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming and manage to adopt a small herd of needy people along the way. The interaction between the two stoic cowboys (I also loved Church's character interpretation as the unappreciated but worthy nephew) and five abused Chinese women plus one abused white prostitute grows as the movie progresses. If I had written the story I would have given it a happier ending...but perhaps the continued tugs at the heart strings simply add to this movie.
 I love Robert Duvall, and believe that the only actor who does cowboys better is John Wayne - but that is probably generational.  This is a two bags of popcorn movie.
 `Broken Trail, ` brainchild of Walter Hill, is an old-fashion western, the good guys win out in the end albeit not without a close call.  The white-hatters in this film---played by the amazing Robert Duvall and relative newcomer, Thomas Hayden Church---prove their rough-hewn goodness by rescuing a wagonload of Chinese girls bound for a life of degradation in the mining camps of Nevada.  What gives this film a refreshing twist is its portrayal of frontier women, especially that of prostitutes.  Moreover, the plight of Asian-American women on the frontier is a story rarely told.  During the Gold Rush years, many young Chinese girls were sold into veritable slavery by their impoverished families.  Sent to the new world, such unfortunates were sold into mining camp bordellos where a short and humiliating life awaited them.  The portrayal of the frontier prostitute in this film differs greatly from the romanticized image of bon-vivant dance-hall girls.  `Broken Trail` captures the desperate existences and untimely deaths of these `soiled doves. ` Rusty Schimmer`s portrayal of the cynical, hard-hearted madam, Kate `Big Rump` Becker is pitch perfect.  Her selfish malevolence knows no bounds as she hires a cruel whore-beater, `Big Ears` (Chris Mulkey), to find her girls at any price.  Duvall`s character, Print Ritter, enlists the help of his nephew, Tom (Church), in herding mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming.  Along the way, they rescue four Chinese girls from their vile enslaver, not sure what to do next.  Reaching town, they look to relinquish their human cargo.  Yet, they soon change their minds.  Realizing what awaits the girls, they pack out quick, girls in tow, along with another `lady of the evening` seeking refuge from despair.  Nola Johns, (Greta Saachi in a very believable performance) soon catches the eye of the crusty old salt, Print.  Despite his definite attraction to Nola, Print proves to be an awkward suitor.  Duvall gives a complexity to Print, revealing a wounded heart, a broken past, and a shy exasperation with women in general.  `Broken Trail` upholds certain Western stereotypes while upending others.  Yes, there`s the obligatory shoot-out at the end, mercifully short, but well-done.  And yes, Print does ride off into the sunset, alone.  Yet, Tom shows a new side of the cowboy archetype.  He and one of the girls, Sun Foy (Gwendoline Yeo), finally admit their long-denied mutual attraction and ride off together.  Based on a true story, `Broken Trail` entertains and edifies like a good western should.  Evil is vanquished (with some difficulty) and we are reassured of our innate goodness.  More than anything, the film gives voice and presence to those previously absent in most westerns, primarily women and Asian-American women in particular.  With its gritty portrayal of what women really endured on the frontier, `Broken Trail` is a must see.
 To begin with, you can't go wrong with Duvall and Church together in a western. This movie has it all. Must see and worth buying.
 Another great job by Duvall and Church.  Unique story line and for once a decent ending.  Overall, a really awesome western.
 Broken Trail is now one of my favorit movies. I loved the scenery shown of America's west.  The story is a good one about a man and his nephew who while on their way to sell horses they round up from the wild for the Canadian army, they incounter and rescue a group of young girls from China who had been unknowingly sold into prostituion to a mining camp Madam & her coherts.
 Great cast, good story and great photography make for a winning combination.  Duval is great as usual but so is the rest of the cast, much better than most TV westerns and well worth the time.
 Duvall at his best with a great performance by church.  Great acting all around with a superb story line that "keep your attention".  Beautiful western scenery with a good solid positive ending.  Good video and sound.  One of the best recent western. Entertaiing and satisfying.
 Just finished watching this superb movie last night, and (like a kid), I'm tempted to watch it again! But I'll wait- so that I can enjoy it more, since I'm not a kid!   This is a great adventure in the "real", earthy, tough, no-holds-barred, sometimes bloody way, not unlike "The Culpepper Cattle Co.", another great fairly recent depiction of the Wild West. In my opinion, this is far more enjoyable than movies like "Unforgiven and "The Wild Bunch for it's story.  The story is touching, exciting, suspenseful, and sometimes humourous- in other words, everything you would expect from a great movie! And, it certainly helps to have fine acting, great cinematography, sound, and amazingly beautiful scenery. I'll not try to tell the story- I'm sure other reviewers have. But I think you'll enjoy this movie even more if you stop reading reviews all the way that attempt to describe the entire movie from start to finish, even giving away the ending! (Why the hell do people do that, anyway?!)   Anyway, for a special treat, (if you're in to the occasional "marathon type movie night), try watching this back to back with "The Culpepper Cattle Co. Either way, enjoy!
 This is just a great movie. Mr. Duvall and Thomas Church are just plain excellant in this movie.  Your "cowboy good over evil.  A cowboy does the right thing.  You won't be roped on this one.  Buy it, I'm glad I did.
 EVERY WESTERN WITH ROBERT IN IS BOND TO BE GREAT. HE IS ONE OF THE LAST EXCELLENT ACTORS LEFT. ACTORS WHO CAN PLAY A ROLL WITH SUCH REALISM IS RARE. I WISH HE'D LIVE FOREVER. I MISS JOHN WAYNE AND STEVEN MCQUEEN AND THEIR KIND!
 I borrowed "Broken Trail from my brother. I watched the first disc and couldn't wait to see the second half. Then I cracked the disc while pulling it out of the case. Oh no!  Rules of borrowing
 The movie was excellent.  I bought it because none of the rental copies were in good shape and we couldn't watch the whole movie.  When I got my movie from Amazon the beginning of the movie was not in good shape but once we got past the first few glitches it was fine.  Barbara Pryor
 I loved this movie almost as much as Lonesome Dove.  Robert Duvall is excellent, as always. Supporting cast are all very good. Not your average "western". I would recommend this movie to anyone who cares for the genre.  I vote it a "must watch film.
 Just as art is eye-catching, and models are the objects of art, "Bellissima captures beauty in multiple ways. The story is incredible, the music is very fitting, and the film as a whole is exceptional cinematography.  The film is about a mother that wants her daughter to excel as a model. The mother's life revolves around the success of her daughter. The daughter, however, is not entirely thrilled with the idea and her mother's determination. Several events come full circle, leaving one with a sense of irony about their lives and the twists of fate.  "Bellissima is a quick watch, and never boring You are bound to feel sympathetic for the daughter as her life takes several unexpected turns. "Bellissima is emotional at times and perfect for those who enjoy dramatic films.
 A humble and discretely poor woman , starred by my beloved Italian Actress in any age
 Here are five frightfully funny adventures with Casper, his friend Hairy Scary and the crime-fighting duo Mini and Maxi. The friendly ghosts travel backwards and forwards in time to deal with prehistoric cavemen and outer space criminals. They teach Mean Muscle McSnort some manners, make an appearance on the Tommy Starson T.V. show, and meet the glamorous Zsa Zsa Amour and the thirsty Count Fatula.  Includes the following cartoons
 This movie totally blew me away!!!! It has incredible animation, gothic sounds to make the movie feel just right, the scenery was breathtaking, and to top it all off the plot was just amazing!!! Every anime fan dreams about how good their movie would be if everything was perfect - well this is it!!!! Total Perfection!!!! Go see it at the theater!!!! Just do it!!! Now!!!!!you won't regret it!!! I couldn't stop talking about this movie with my friends all day at my job...AND NEITHER WILL YOU!!!
 I had a lot of high hopes going into the theater for this movie.  It exceeded those hopes in a glorious fashion.  I loved the original, the sotry, the art, everything.  So when I heard that Bloodlust was being played real close to my work I went to see it.   Amazing.  I am a true believer that the original is always the best, but this blew the original right out of the water.  The art form, the story (which was great because, I was wondering where the bloodlust was coming from, and when that was revealed the true nature of the story came in). Excellent anime.  I will definitely be seeing again in the next couple of days.  And, when I hear that it will be coming to DVD I will have my pre-order set.
 I'm sick and tired of everyone complaining that the anime was not in Japanese.  It was NEVER meant to be in Japanese b/c there is only one version.  Even the original is in English.  The plot is excellent as it stays true to the original and the animation is second to none.  Most will tell you that the original was better; however, I disagree.  The voices are pretty good, although not the best and the audio is very good.  I recommend this to everyone of my anime customers.  The action is excellent and I can't think of another anime movie that is more deserving to spend on than this one.  In times when action anime movies are rare, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is a true gem to buy.
 Vampire Hunter D
 I must admit, I didn't expect this movie to be that great.  I am a fan of the original, but I know that it isn't the most well done animation piece.   However, within the first five minutes of Bloodlust, I started falling in love.  By the end, I knew that I had to go out and buy my own copy.  I absolutely adore this movie.   The story is multi-layed and complex.  There are no definitive good and bad guys.  I was rooting for all the characters, even though I knew that, in the end, things couldn't possibly work out for everyone... Absolutely amazing animation and music complement the enthralling story and supperb voice-acting.  There are scenes in this movie that are absolutely gripping--you'll want to watch them over and over.   If there is one anime movie that is worth buying, Vampire Hunter D
 I bought this DVD without any prior knowlege of Vampire Hunter D. I never even saw the original Vampire Hunter D, but this movie is spectacular. The visual is just stunning. The movie would looked so much better if you could of watched it on the big screen. This movie contain nice action scenes, beautifully fluid animation, and a great story. Watching this movie, it seemed more like an American animation rather than Anime. It wasn't violent like Ninja Scroll, but it was just as good. Although this movie was drawned by a Japanese guy, the movie is an American production. So this movie contain no Japanese dialogue or English subtitle. It just in plain English dialogue, but the voice acting was well done. The Extras contain the usual things in most DVD, but more of it. I just wish it had some Japanese music. The music from the Japanese version trailer sounds great. Overall, VHD is a very entertaining movie. The end made me wanting more. I wish there was more information about D's background.
 I've seen this movie in japan the story line mixes old and new traditons on the beliefs with vampires. A great revisal yet new twist for the Vampire Hunter D collections which actually features over 100 stories. great updated CG grafics a start for new breed anime movies. If you liked the origanal 1985 version, you'll love the new  BLOOD  pumped into this one.
 Maybe one of the greatest animation films ever an amazing opening & plot...this film wastes no time & Vampire Hunter D goes through tremendous development as a character...plus the animation looks fantastic & the fight scenes are top notch
 The original D was a tour de force, such an original take on vampire hunters that anyone who saw the movie remembered it decades later. Now D is back and even tougher than before. The animation is simply amazing.  The crumbling crosses in the beginning really set the mood of evil and terror. What starts out as a kidnapping turns out to be oh so much more. The plot develops smoothly, giving little away beforehand. Soon you'll find yourself conflicted, then cheering for the vampire that D is hunting.  The end is another totally new twist that M. Night could learn a thing or two from. The villains, merging of vampire magic and technology, and D - all combine for another fantastic to this Dystopian far future where vampires rule the night, and D brings justice with a sword. And this face thing in his palm.
 When you see this movie you will think, "Ultra cool.  The delirious pace is one of the best things about the movie, but the characters are also well developed, the dubbing is good, the animation is great, and the situations are surreal and, well, ultra cool.
 Created by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano, Vampire Hunter D has emerged as one of the iconic figures of Japanese literature. His dark, apocalyptic future have thrilled readers since 1983. The 1985 anime adaptation, "Vampire Hunter D", further ingrained the Dunpeal Hunter in the public's consciousness and remains a cult classic. In 2000, fans were thrilled to learn that Urban Vision Entertainment was bringing D back to the big screen for a second animated outing.  "Vampire Hunter D
 Adapted from the third Vampire Hunter D book by Hideyuki Kikuchi, this was an international production done in part by American anime distributor, Urban Vision. Unlike some other companies, Urban Vision actually put forth its own moola to get anime made, in much the same way they did for Ninja Scroll
 It's an awesome movie. If you like anime, or just animation in general you'll enjoy this movie. Its an awesome movie and an instant cult classic.
 Art wise & story wise my favorite animated movie.  The visuals of the crumpling crosses and arrows falling like rain are incredible.
 With some fantastically elegant animation and great adaptation of the original Novel, Vampire Hunter D
 Though brilliant and original in it's art, the first Vampire Hunter D was over, and I was still waiting for it to begin, rather.  But in this movie there was some character development lacking in the first.  It was not bloody at all, to my mind, and I go to exteme lengths to avoid stepping on an ant.  The only fault was perhaps that the romantic vampire lover subplot was kind of sappy and over-used, but Vampire D was even more cool and enigmatic than before.  The whole vampire thing has been flogged to death by popular culture, but if it's done well it's still good.  They obviously spent more time thinking about it this time.  I can't wait for VH3!  You gotta love the possessed talking hand...  Also, the dvd lacked any extras like subtitles, for the hard of hearing, or alternate languages, but now I'm just whining. ;)  P.S.  The sword-lazer gun mix makes it a good gift for lovers of history or science fiction...
 Way better than the first.  The quality of animation is incredible as is the action.  The characters are very cool as well.  This movie has gotten me and a few of my friends interested in watching anime but none seem to compare with this movie.
 With his postapocalyptic world and medieval cowboy look, Vampire Hunter D is undeniably one of the coolest vampire-slaying antiheroes out there.  And the cool fact gets ramped up in "Vampire Hunter D
 This anime is definitely NOT childish as stated in some reviews. The character of the movie is hidden in the tiny little things all through it. It does a great job in representing a myth combined with all the flaws and desires in human psyche. Strong, artistic and unique, it remains one of my most favorites.
 This movie is a good example of the best of anime, complete with some of the flaws common to anime.  The animation reflects a facet of the peak of cell-drawn animation.  It may not be the most fluid animation, but--for anime--it is relatively dynamic.  The art of the background scenes the character designs and even the character animation is quite beautiful.  The soundtrack is excellent and could easily stand toe-to-toe with the soundtrack of any lavishly produced Hollywood blockbuster.  Of course, there are a few minor problems with the plot, some of the storyline developments seem a bit unlikely, and some of the dialogue is unintentionally hilarious.  These problems are not quite as obvious in this movie as in many other anime movies, however.  I found this movie extremely enjoyable.  I would suggest watching the original Vampire Hunter D as well.  It's not as good as Bloodlust, but is still a rather enjoyable movie and a good example of earlier anime.
 je voyais toujours ce dessin anim&eacute; au magasin et j'avais entendu dire que les graphiques &eacute;taient  &eacute;coeurants . Avec les critiques sur Amazon, je l'ai finalement achet&eacute;. Et je n'ai pas regrett&eacute;. Vampire HUnter D m&eacute;rite d're connu! Les dessins et les d&eacute;cors sont extr&egrave;mement d&eacute;taill&eacute;s. Il suffit de regarder l'ouverture du film pour en re convaincu. La musique est tr&egrave;s belle et &eacute;voque les anciens films de vampires. Il y a un je-ne-sais-quoi de m&eacute;lancolique dans cet univer post-apocalyptique o&ugrave; &eacute;volue D, un dhampire (un re mi-humain, mi-vampire)qui doit retrouver la fille d'un riche bourgeois  enlev&eacute;e  par un vampire notoire. Cette fois, D a de la concurrence
 i really thought this is one hell of a movie i only bought it because i read a few reviews on here and thought i'll chance it but it's awesome im gonna collect more anime 
 I've recently started watching anime and yes I have all the essential anime's from Ghost in the Shell, Akira, Ninja Scroll, Jin-Roh et cetera but Bloodlust is my fav out of those.  I'm not a huge vampire freak either.  I'm was takin by surprise by how well this flick was done.  I could go on to explain this movie but  bottom line - just buy it.  you will not be sorry.  Great addition to any collection.
 I liked this anime alot.moth the story and animation is nice. The half human-vamire continues walking,he enters a town that had many vampire hunters, here a woman has fell in love with a vampire count and they all try to free her and clean the place of the rest of demons. Its a horror anime so its not watchable always but its truly a classic.
 D is back and is already on is way to [stardom].If you have saw the first series you will love this film, it has all that makes an anime brilliant. Re vamped animation and fight scenes that will make you're pet monkey crall to the corner of the room. In other words this is a must see anime.
 It is not often that a sequel is something that truly justifies being related to the original work. Bloodlust takes the mythology created in D and adds to it without spoiling any of the mystery. We still wonder as to D's true motivations. Is he really a hero? Or has his seemingly obvious hatred for vampires and their kin driven him to destroy those with whom his natural inclinations surely lay. D rarely uses the true power that is contained within him. It seems as if he haates even being able to tap into the vast power that is his birthright as Dracula's son. The characters and the world created in the D universe are truly amazing. While set in the same universe, Bloodlust is suffienciently differentiated from the original by a faster pacing and a more revealing storyline. As the characters journey through D's world the viewers learn much more about the complex world which has evolved in that dark future. The production values of the movie capture the original spirit of Vampire Hunter D and can only give rise to a greater appreciation of the moral struggle that must be taking place with D. How can a being like that not go through most of the day without feeling that he has no place in the world that he is helping to create. All in all I can highly recommend Vampire Hunter D
 Some people seem to think that this is a remake of the original Vampire Hunter D.  It is not, this movie has a new story with the same burdened hero.  The animation is very different and much more like the newer styles than the original VHD.  The story does seem to hold its own and there are still some great fight scenes.  I think I might still like the original a little better, but I was not at all disappointed by this movie.  If you liked the first one and the animation style of newer movies like Spriggan, then you will enjoy this movie.  keep the faith, dEx
 This movie kicks...!  Art, music, voices, story, ect.  All of these deserve 10 stars.  This movie is even better than the first.  And sequals always blow ass.  But this one has broken that chain.  This story always kept me interested.  It was paced out perfectly i think.  The other thing about it, is that you don't have to see the first "Vampire Hunter D movie to understand this one.  That's why it is so good.  I still recomend seeing the first one though.  By doing that, you'll have a better grasp on the character D and where he comes from.   The digital art in this is also an A+.  Normally I don't care too much for it, but in this movie it is great.  For any anime fan, this is a must have.
 A word comes to mind when watching Bloodlust
 This one is as great as the first. Lots of action and some romance.
 Vampire Hunter D
 The original Vampire Hunter D is an Anime classic, much like Akira.  This sequel is by no means a let down.  The story and animation are excellent.  If you've seen the first Vampire Hunter D, you need to see this.  If you're new to Anime, both this and the origianl should be on your must see list.
 I can't say that I am the biggest fan of anime, but I can say this... If you love vampires, action, love, blood and a good story then bloodlust is just for you.  For those who have seen the first of Vampire Hunter D, there was more action then there was plot.  In this movie there is now a more in depth look at the characters and it actually involves a love story!  Even if you are not into all of that blood and gore I still strongly suggest that you see this movie at least once.  There is never a dull moment and it has a very detailed plot line.  Just watch it, you may be surprised( I was).
 To sum the movie up in two words
 If you have seen the first Vampire Hunter D, then you are probably wondering if this is any better than the first one...  Overall this movie is really, really good
 In one word amazin.g The Cell count on this aniem was so high, the budget so large.. you cant help but oogle evry scene at the impecable detail they added into everey single frame! without a doubt one of the best anime ever.  One note tho. NOTE FOR KIDS/CHILDREN UNDER 16!!! Many bloody scenes, adult scenes (no nudity), and lots of death... but then again.. if you have scene the first D move you will understand.
 ... This movie is great, and there's a reason why D's facial expression never changes
 A nice sequel for an all time classic anime. Brilliant animation with a great storyline make this an awesome anime altogether. All anime fans owe it to themselves to get this now.
 ...I HATE dubs.  But Vampire Hunter D
 I really prefer this flick better then the first movie, the first was good sept this one is a whole lot better cuz of the lengh, good voice overs for the characters, good animation, and a better story. So if u haven't seen this flick yet go and see it cuz it's awesome one of the best animes to come out on dvd this year  so i recomend this to any anime fan or a fan of the original, and also to people who dont watch anime.
 This is more of a response to one of the reviews I read. The guy gave it 2 stars because it didnt come with his precious japanese vocal track. Normally I'd complain too... except I noticed something. The DVD comes with the trailers for the japanese and the Vietnamese versions. Both, I repeat BOTH of the trailers had clips from the movie in them amd were in english... which means it was MADE in english. The only japanese or vietnamese that was spoken was the parts done by a native narrator like every movie. That's why it doesnt have the japanese dialoge... there never was any. But I could be wrong.
 This has to be the best anime and best vampire movie I have ever seen.  PERIOD!!  First off, the animation is just out of this world, it is leaps and bounds ahead of anything I've seen except maybe Ghost in the Shell.  It was just so crisp and clean.  Second, I have never seen a movie where the music just fit so perfectly.  I literally had goose bumps at some parts.  Third, the story is great.  Now like others have said it does have a few parts that you sorta have to quess on what's happened or how it's happening but it's nothing too major.  Fouth, The characters are just great and have real personaltiys and their not just cookie cutter.  Now on some of the other reviews people have said how they prefer the japanese voices and that they were dissapointed that they aren't in the movie.  Well guys I hate to break it to you but there aren't any japanese voices.  The voices for the characters were all done here in the states and the movie was never done in japanese that is why you can't have japanese dubbing.  I personally don't think the voices could have been done better, they just fit every chracter.  So all of you that don't own this movie go out and buy it right now!!!!!
 I don't write a lot of reviews here, and I wasn't planning to write one for this DVD, until I saw that someone gave it a bad review because it was English-language only.  Obviously, some people don't know about this, so I feel the need to explain.  The movie was originally dubbed in English.  The Japanese director and producers made this film IN ENGLISH, so there is no Japanese language version.  There never was one, so there's no way to put it on the DVD.  Japanese people have had to watch it in English with Japanese subtitles. Okay, now that that's out of the way, I just have to say that this movie is terrific.  It is a little bit sappy at the end, but what tragic romance isn't sappy?  It has great pacing, spectacular action scenes, amazing art, and convincing voice acting.  This movie does everything right.  Even people who don't normally follow anime will like this movie, and that's a promise.
 This movie is one of the best animes I've seen in a while.  It has absolutely stunning visuals.  The plot is a little complex, but not so much as to be confusing like many other japanese movies.  The character development did leave a bit to be desired, but they did craft a plot with a few more subtleties than the first Vampire Hunter D movie. Voice acting is top notch and, for those of you who seem a little confused, the movie was only recorded with an english voice track. (Much like parts of Blood
 I'm a big fan of the first one. A classic in every sense of the word. But this new one does more than just pay homage... it improves on the animation, and story of our favorite gothic half-breed. And lo and behold, the hand was actually funny! Well, when he wasn't taunting D, that is.
 First off, this movie was created with english voice actors.  This movie was not originally dubbed in japanese.  When the movie was premiered in Japan, they watched with Japanese subtitles.  Now after clarifying that, I'd like to say that I was so impressed with this movie.  I loved the original Vampire Hunter D movie and I felt this was a huge step up.  Both movies are classics for there time.  The first is not as impressive artistically yet can still be appreciated and even praised for being so much fun now.  But Bloodlust blew me away with beautiful artwork, amazing landscapes, and very creative characters and monsters.  The voice talent was also impressive and the storyline, yet thin was very gripping.  I also felt that the way this movie was compiled, reminded me of Ninja Scroll.  So if you were a fan of Ninja Scroll, give Bloodlust a shot, or vice versa.  Enjoy.
 I liked this better then the first flick , its not the same story its different.Its got a good plot,good length and flow to the story, cool characters,& the animation is awsome. So i recomend this to any anime fan out there
 this is by far the best anime movie i have ever seen!!!!!!!!
 Yep, I think that that title would easily say it all. This movie far outclasses anything else save Miyazaki that I've seen before, and I am a huge anime freak. In fact, I'd have to put it easily above Princess Mononoke, and that's saying alot. If you've seen the original, forget all about it. This movie will blow you away. Bloodlust is sleak and dark, with beautiful character designs, scenes and music. The plotline will leave you reaching for tissues more than once, with it's fated love and tragic heros. My favourite scene is either when D and Leila are in the rain together, or when Meier and Charlotte are on the bridge at sunset... oh, but the "sand manta's are awesome too.. None of this movie is cheap "filler animation. The producers squeezed every bit of gorgeous stuff they could into it, and the english voice actors do a fantastic job. I especially appreciated D's voice, it was a perfect fit. PLot
 I can only sum up this movie in one word...WOW
 Knowing the difference in time between this movie and the first American release of Vampire Hunter D, I kinda like this one better. I have them both and watched them in a row, but this one just clicked more. If you loved the first one, or are an anaime fan in general you WILL love this movie.....
 I've seen so many Animes, they all seem to be blurring together. This one shown out through all the rest, the animation is amazing, with a mix between digital 3-D computer animation and high quality hand drawn. D, is a very interesting character. You won't ever see another character like him in another anime, except of course for the first Vampire Hunter D. You'll be placed at the edge of your seat as Vampires, and various demons cause havoc for the the main characters of the film. There's plenty of special features, including tons of Previews for other animes.  Take my word for it, from a guy who's seen about every anime humanly possible, this is a stand alone masterpiece.
 I just realized the original Vampire Hunter D was made in 1985, thats almost 20 years ago!  And sweet Jesus has animation evolved since then.  The first thing you'll notice about Vampire Hunter D
 The first VHD movie tried to stay true to the source manga but failed due to budget constraints. This movie however is as good as it gets, the characters appear in the correct lineup this time, and the voice acting is much better as it was originally created for english speaking dialogue (the japanese had subtitles this time). There is significant use of CG (computer Graphics) but this is totally un-noticeable and helps create perhaps the best looking anime ever made, even surpassing Ninja Scroll and Ghost in the Shell. MADHOUSE STUDIOS is my favorite animation studio, the did Ninja Scroll, X, Vampire Hunter D
 Vampires, Futuristic weapons, love, war, Good, Evil....This DVD has it ALL!  Storyline is excellent and original.  Brings an interesting twist to the vampire legend!  A+++++++++ in my book!
 I just finished watching VHD
 This movie is ASTOUNDING!  It is a visual treat as well as an intelligent one.  The characters are well thought out and the movie's pace is non-stop.  This film is far superior, in terms of production value, to the original.  This film doesn't have heroes and villians in the traditional sense, but more like a prospective choice between the lesser of two evils.  Mata Yamamoto's art is fabulous! Yamamoto simply outdoes himself with Carmilla! Not to give away the story line, BUT female villians like her don't come around very often.  The DVD brings a whole new feel to the movie with the behind the scenes feature and the storyboarding aspects that enhance this epic's value. If you like Anime, or even if you are a fan of Yamamoto's previous work for the Final Fantasy games, you won't be let down. Nice Hat indeed!
 When i first saw Vampire hunter D, i thought it was the best anime i had ever seen, in my opinion the animation was amazing(i saw the movie in 1991, the movie was made in 1985). It has absolute everything
 Now I don't own this DVD but I have seen the movie. It is the same story as the first Vampire Hunter movie, a duaghter of some guy gets kidnapped by a vampire and he has to get her back! But D is in competition with another group of people to find her. The animation in this movie is amazing, I mean its great! The atmosphere is good and dark like it should be! The monsters are better looking, the characters are cooler and Vampire HUnter D is much better, his voice is better, his horse, his skin color! Please if you have seen the first movie and don't feel like watching this because the animation wasn't good enough for you then try this out (not to say the first D movie wasn't!).
 With D, the character of renowned anime status from the original Vampire Hunter D film, ans his symbiotic hand, this was an excellent experience in the theatre. The art is incredible, and the story unique, as well as having the gothic-tech feel of the original. This was, in my opinion as good or better than the original movie, I recommend it highly to all anime fans.
 I  had been waiting for years for a follow-up to my favorite horror anime,  Vampire Hunter D , and it has finally come, looking far better than I expected.  The visuals are a mix of the original movie and  Ninja Scroll  (in fact, Yutaka Minowa was the character designer/animation director for both movies), the latter of which being my favorite anime.  The music is classic, although not quite as memorable as the original.   However, the two problems I had with the anime are the story and the characters.  The story's not bad, just not as good as the original and very predictable.  The characters...well, let's just say there's no Regancy (or anyone close).  Leila was paper-thin, boring and a worm (what's with the sideburns?), and I was just waiting for her to get killed off.  Hand was a huge disappointment, annoying and cowardly; I was really hoping D would cut him off sooner than later.  The others were decent; Meier stood out because he was visually well-designed but again, didn't stand out personality-wise.   All in all, I give this DVD a 4.5 (it would be nice if some of these anime DVD's included original character designs); I'd recommend it for any anime fan, if not simply for the visuals, but all in all it's fun to watch.  But MAKE SURE to watch the original first.
 I recieved the movie in a timely manner in the shape that is said it was in which was great. I have no complaints at all it was a great transaction
 If you are into anime and vampires than Bloodlust is a MUST HAVE. This is something you will want to watch over and over again. This is a movie you don't want to end.  *slight spoiler warning*  Unlike in other vampire movies, this one has a twist. The vampire that steals the girl actually loves her.  ****  The action, the passion, the comedy. It is all there; Bloodlust has the whole package. You will not be disapointed.  If I had to criticise the movie it would be that there is no part two or that it is not twice as long. Seriously, this movie is that good.  I'll be buying another since I lost the last one I had.
 One day I went down to the movie store and rented this movie. I was thinking OK a half-good movie to pass the weekend. I watched it and I was like WOW! The graphics were amazing! O_O Meier Link was one of the coolest characters in anime. And D was just awesome. The plot was amazing as well. I watched this when I was 13.  I strongly recommend it to any anime lover.  I'd rate it for 13 and up
 I was totally blown away by the Animation and story line. The music needed to be as charismatic as the first VHD, but it does the trick. This is a must have for Anime and Gothic fans. D seems more sullen and tortued than the first one. This added a nice mysterious touch which leaves his character open to many more adventures and suprises.  After watching it over and over, I found new nuances each time. The original (if there ever was one) japanese track should have been included. The voice over acting was sufficient but had tell tale signs of translation problems, (can you say crouching tiger).The DVD case and cover is pretty cool too. I'm hoping to see more adventures of VHD, keep them coming!
 Before going deep on this review something must be made clear as there are lots of reviews that are not being acurate on this point
 The original Vampire Hunter D was one of the first movies that got me hooked onto anime, Akira being the first. I hold it in a warm spot near my heart, for numerous reasons. Sure, the animation isn't that great, but I believe the original Vampire Hunter D is about more than stunning good looks. It is a tale of  overcoming social boundaries, doing what is right and struggling to find out what 'right' truly is. Vampire Hunter D
 I saw this movie in the theater (Shocking!). It was sooooo good. The first movie was a bit goofy but this one was great. The plot, the Bishies, the coolness. I would sugest it to any one and every one!
 This is the best follow-up I've ever seen! As a sequel it stands alone. On it's own it can hold without the previous movie. Originally I was under the impression this was set before the last movie. After seeing I understand how people can get the misconception. The imagery is exquisite and the characters are real. You have to appreciate the way anime doesn't WASTE time with cheap songs to sell their art...I'm not jaded because of anime, it's the facts! If you love animation done right you'd never watch another Disney cartoon again. This might make you change your mind like I did, long ago.
 To all anime fans, I have seen alot and alot of animation so far and Believe me nothing like Vampire Hunter D-BloodLust at all, I admit it there are some GREAT ones as well such as
 OK NOW I'AM ONLY 13 BUT THIS MOVIE KINKS SO MUCH A** THAT YOU WILL CREAM YOUR PANTS. NOW I KNOW THAT IT IS AN ANIME BUT IT KICKS SO MUCH IT'S MORE OR LESS A 2 ONE THE FIRST ONE WAS OK IT WAS NOT THE BEST BUT FOR IT'S TIME I GIVE IT PROPS.  BUT IN THIS ONE THE VAMPS TRY TO KILL THE VAMP HUNTER.  PLUS THERE IS A LITTLE BACK SIDE OF A WOMEN SHOWING THAT MAKES ME HAPPY ALRIGHT.  SO IN ALL ONISTY I RECOMAND THIS DVD IF YOU LIKE VAMP MOVIES.
 What's hot
 This movie flat out rocks. Tons of evil characters and heroes that have their own unique special abilities. Almost identical to ninja scroll, but in the Vampire Hunter D universe. Buckets of blood to go along with stunning animation...This is what anime was made to do!
 I bought bloodlust and it just happened to be a japanese import. When I popped the disc in it started playing the original movie. Thinking the seller sent me the wrong disc, I was about to return the movie, but when I stopped it I realized there was a selection for bloodlust!  It turns out both the original and bloodlust are on the same disc!! Incredible, what luck!  All this and I bought it for only 10 bux!! As for bloodlust the movie, it's just as incredible as this disc!
 THIS THE BEST OF THE BEST IN ANIME
 Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust is a definite anime classic! It boasts outstanding animation, exciting action scenes as well as a solid plot of a dramatic story and very interesting characters.  D, a famous "Dunpeal or "Dhampir a half-human, half-vampire bounty hunter, is hired to rescue a woman named Charlotte abducted by the vampire Meier Link. Also after the same bounty are the Markus Brothers, Borgoff, Kyle, Nolt & Grove as well as Leila, a young woman with a deep hatred for vampires. Along the way, they encounter the mysterious and menacing Barbarois and ends in a final showdown at Carmilla's castle  The dvd also includes the featurette of the making of the movie, theatrical Trailers, TV spots, Urban Vision trailers and Fans' Favorite Picks.  This dvd should be in every anime fan's collection!
 Ah, yes, Vampire Hunter D-Bloodlust. This is an excellent movie to watch, and it's one you'll want to watch multiple times just because it's so good looking! Done in 1993, this is one of the best-drawn/animated movies I think I'll ever see in my entire life! The basic plot is that Vampire Hunter D is the son of dracula and a human mother, called in the movie a Damphir(pronounced
 I don't give it 5 stars .. i give it freaking 10. I absolutely love this movie and it shocked the hell out of me. I though it was going to be a regular vampire killing vampires movie and you know, nothing much but blood and fights which seemed fine by me. But then I watched the movie and of course it has blood and fights (oh so good!) but there is also the complexity of "D and the other characters .. they're all so interesting in their own way, that just made me care about the plot within the movie much more. THE ENDING ROCKS !!! I abso freaking lutely loved the ending ... just watch it and you'll know what I mean .. dammit i wanted to hug himm lol
 The rate system only goes up to five, but it deserves so many more stars.   The story is simply breath taking, the detail and quality of the animation is superv. The sound and voice acting is also of A+ quality, the dark and misterious "D is without a doubt one, if not THE most incredible anime character ever created.   From the opening scene to the action packed ending you will not want to miss a moment of it. The whole story about the vampire race is so depresing and well told, its simply amazing.   Complemented excellently by the sad love story. Dont wait another minute and deny yourself the pleasure of watching this excelent piece of anime.
 I cannot say why. It is, after all, animated. There are few animated full-length films on my best-100 list. Nevertheless, Vampire Hunter D is on my of-all-movies, top-10 list.  I am not knowledgeable enough to rate the animation. Maybe the most important thing is it is not evident after the first few viewing minutes; the movie just becomes an engrossing story. Animation only comes to mind afterwards; when something is obviously better done through animation than special effects (somewhat as black and white goes away after a few minutes of Young Frankenstein or Casablanca and comes to mind only when you think back on the film and realize color would not have been an asset). Bloodlust has fabulous characters and a story complex enough and good enough to draw you in completely. It is much better than the first film.
 I've always been a big fan of anime, and its somehow the allure of  vampire'y  themes that make such titles interesting. Many fail to live up to the hype, such as the original Vampire Hunter D in my opinion, but this one is just awesome. There's something about D's taciturn nature, and how Meier Link is evil, or is he? Nothing profound in plot, but the action is fast-moving, and if you think hard enough, the usual philosophical themes in almost any anime is there. Excellent anime for the general public, if you don't mind the gore.
 This is one of the best looking animes I have ever seen. It's a great improvement from the first movie and it has some cool digital effects. I'm no spoiler so I'll keep it simple. Vampire Hunter D
 I went into this film expecting to see some good visual art, but not knowing whether the story would be any good. It was incredible. It had all kinds of begrudging  courtesy  between the competing hunters, and a continuous effort on D's part to appear to be a bad guy, while actually being good. There's also the standard tragic doomed love affair, etc. for the chicks to enjoy.
 D returns in this action packed follow up to the original. One thing you will immediately notice, is the clean animation. There is a great mix of C.G. and hand drawn cells. The story of D and his life is a sad one. Wandering through time seeing those around him die and fade away, as he remains unchanged and fighting for those that hire him. Just the thought of D lets you know he has an extensive past with many dark adventures. Leila, a young bounty hunter, is after the same thing D is after - a young girl stolen by a vampire. Little do they know the problems that this girl causes. There is true love blossoming between the girl and the vampire, and that is among the most interesting turns of the plot. She wants to stay with him. Like I said, the action is awesome. One of my favorite's is when one of Leila's companion's uses an arm bow, slinging hundreds of arrows up into the air, then fall from the sky in a rain. Totally cool. You can see how far animation has come since the original, not that the original looked bad, just a tad dated. Also it was welcoming to have widescreen, which the original is not. Also the action is a little more discernable. You can easily tell who gets killed, and why. In the first it was a bit shakey in that area. Also, a much changed and more quirky. Funny stuff. Bloodlust is a great follow up to the original. Enjoy!
 Vampire Hunter D
 VAMPIRE HUNTER D BLOODLUST  The Vampire Hunter D films have always been some of my favorite animes ever; there is no doubt about it I am a huge fan of these stories. I have bought all of the books and such and while I have not read them yet rest assured I will and will most likely review those as well. But that aside I have loved this series since well before it was a series [the films I mean, I know the books are a series]. The first one just blew me away the first time I had the pleasure of viewing it so you know the second this was released I went straight out and bought it. Like I thought I enjoyed this one just as much as the first film, I don't know what it is but I just love this series.  D is back and this time he is hired to go after a vampire by the name of Meier Link, who has kidnapped the daughter of a wealthy man who has hired all the help he can get to get her back. So D id off and running [or riding, what ever] to catch up with them and get her back to her family. Little does he know that another group of hunters are already on Link's trail and do not appreciate D, it makes sense since he is the competition. This group is a bunch of guys and one girl called the Marcus brothers, a interesting bunch but none have any thing on D. even if that wasn't bad enough Link has a group of nasties of his own like Benge who can travel threw shadows, Caroline who is just as evil, and Machira the werewolf [real interesting guy here]. And if that wasn't enough there is also a place were Link will be protected by the world's rejects the Barbarois. Add the bloody Countess Carmila and you have a big test for D.  This is fun follow up to the classic first film and in my eyes is just as good, I love both no matter what any one else thinks. Like I said about the first animation has played a big factor for a lot of people but to me the better production values fit the romance story of this one, because that is really what this film is. The first film was about the evil of this world while this one is about the beauty that could be, a vampire and human in love. I like that the first film is mainly about D were as this one seems more like an ensemble piece. I mean sure it can get a little over done but hey I look at it like the more characters there are the bigger the body count, that just may be me though.  I also like that while brief there is a little e history to D in this one, when the old man remembers being rescued by D as a child. Perhaps that will be in a later film And if so that sounds like it could be a good tale, it might be one of the books that I have, I really need to read them. As for D you all know that he is insanely cool and mysterious and not one for talking that much. Meier Link is a cool enough looking vampire but he is one of those old school looking vampires, he can get vicious over his girl though. His girl Charlotte Elbourne is totally in love with his vampiric self and even wants him to bite her, crazy. They plan to fly away to the stars to a place were their love won't be forbidden.  The brothers Marcus are an intriguing bunch with one being the tough guy leader, one the hot shot, another wielding a huge weapon and one that while deathly ill can take an interesting course of action [check it out]. Then of course there is the female Leila who kinda plays [but not really, does that make sense] as the love interest to D even after various run ins with him, love the ending. Then we have the villains of the film like the Barbarois who are a bunch of crazy looking fellows who have vowed to help Link. And then of course there is Link's personal guard like Benge, Caroline, and of course our werewolf friend Machira. Still when it all comes down to it none of these characters are the bad guys, at least in a way because each is doing what they are doing for a noble cause [at least in their eyes]. It is the Bloody Countess Carmila who is the real evil of this film, see for yourself.  I recommend this film to any and all in fact you don't even have to watch the first one [even though you should] to enjoy this one. They both make for good stand alones but I recommend you buy both. This is an excellent anime and worth every penny.
 Vampire Hunter D Bloodlist has got to be one of my favorite anime movies of all the time. The animation is beautiful, the soundtrack is awesome, the voice acting is terrific, the characters and story are original and most important of all... This anime sets the bar for vampire animations. Bloodlust blows the first movie out of the water with ease. D gets more fleshed out in this movie. The real shame here is that there are so many novels for Vampire Hunter D (this movie is based off of the 3rd novel) and so few movies for them.
 It has a few flaws, but Vampire Hunter D is so fantastic it's style beats the flaws.  The flaws are thus; 1.  The sound goes from too quiet to too loud too often.  This is intentional, but not good. 2.  They talk about money in Japanese terms.  Imagine if Americans talked about money if a penny was the standard unit of currency?  The high amounts they talk bespeak; "Well it's post nuke so they all can loot open banks, but why bother? 3.  They use the term "Dunpeal for D, which is a mistranslation of "Vampyrr and/or "Dhampire".  Not everyone bones up on vampire lore, but the latter two terms are intuitive to an English speaker who's seen even one vampire movie. 4.  Just a minor note, but the Sheriff Leila "Flirts with has far more importance in the book, relating to both her treatment by her brothers and the ending.  Now, this movie differs from the book a lot, but I think they did an overall great job with this adaptation.  Benge, the Clouphobia inducing shadowmancer, is far more deadly and scary in the movie.  He also uses a technique not used in the book, but in it's prequel "Raiser of Gales".  The Marcus Brothers are portrayed as being slightly more than brutal thugs, flattering from what they behaved like in the book.  Then again, if they'd animated their mistreatment of Leila, well it would have probably launched a talk of a crackdown like the infamous movie theater showing of "Urotsukidoji"...  Of course what really steals the show is the love of Meir Link with the woman he's kidnapped and D's hateful pursuit of them, being motivated far more than by money.  I'd have added Carmilla in the movie in my complaints, except it sets the scene for a much more gothic/romantic ending.  Also, vastly improved are the "Barbaroi and Grove's powers. (one of the Marcus brothers)  On fictions that have "Monster is a monster hunters I go "Come ON, why? but D is such a fiction that pulls off an innovation, now wretchedly cliche genre.  I'd encourage both the films and to read the novels.
 Of course the first Vampire Hunter D was made in the 80's, but it was still great animation, anime always is. But, this one is much better, and the story is actually better too. A vampire love story. I'm not giving anymore away.
 Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust - is what an anime horror, action, adventure, vampire story should be.  A twisted future, with swords and guns, ruins and rockets, vampires and things that go bump in the night.  The setting is an Earth in the far future.  The very far future, an Earth that is just starting to recover from the past, where vampires are starting to die out.  The focus of the story is a vampire who has fallen in love with a human.  Now they wish to escape from everything that hounds them - the changing Earth, the girl's family, hunters.  Great artwork, good character design, good flow to the story - everything you could want in a movie.  Even a cool twist at the end.  The English caste voices are supplied by such greats as Wendee Lee, Debi Derryberry, Dwight Schultz, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and Michael McShane.  There seems to be no Japanese sound track.  In fact, it seems there may never have been one. The disc has a few extras, such as a Behind-The-Scenes featurette, trailers and storyboard to feature comparison.  But the treasure of the disc is the anime, so get it new or used.  Great for anime lovers or vampire lovers.
 This anime movie is really exciting with a very vivid plot and a dark sort of twist to the story.  It is defiantly a dark romance.  I have to say that the animation in the film is exceptionally well done and the scenery is absolutely haunting.  It has a very gothic feel to it.  The vampire hunter known only as 'D' is technically half-human and half-vampire.  When a wealthy woman gets abducted by a vampire, D has to go try to bring her back alive without having been transformed into a vampire, of course dead if she has become one.  The story is mainly about his journey to find the missing girl.  But the one question is, did the girl go willingly with the vampire?
 This anime is one of my favourites. For starters, the animation is unbelievable, so many details, it looks it took forever to animate. And then there's the plot, original, interesting and constantly flowing, just what you'd expect a sci-fi/fantasy anime to be.  Two thumbs up!
 My title says it all. If you liked the first movie,(heck, even if you hated the first movie) or have no idea what or who Vampire Hunter D is...you should buy this! To watch the first movie is nothing compared to this masterpiece of a anime film.  I recommend this to anyone and everyone. You can't get any better than this people. Really. Also, read the book Vampire Hunter D
 Like the title of my review says WOW. I had seen clips of this in a making of the animatrix doc. and thought Hmm interesting. I was blown away. I watch alot of films...ALOT...but this was new, fresh and exciting. You are propelled through the story, not carried not pulled or pushed, PROPELLED. It chops most of the vampire stories i've seen or read into nothingness. This film was so amazing i immediately went out and got the original. And i was let down beyond imagination. BUT this was animated, acted (in both languages) and scripted out of pure fairy-dusted genius. I kid you not. I gave up a large amount of the animated film world because it all seemed the same and all seemed so childish...with some notable exceptions...but this was amazing. i pity the fact that there are people who won't see it because its an animation, that's how good it is. No matter what you like, what you watch or even if you ever watch animation, WATCH THIS it is money incredibly well spent!!
 ..........a more incredible team to bring the latest Vampire Hunter D story to life? Our wandering vampire hunting bad*** has been hired very reluctantly by a local aristocatic family to rescue a woman kidnapped by an ancient vampire named Meier Link.  But D has some competition in this particular mission.  The Markus Brothers, a team of vampire hunters with advanced technology hope to beat D to the prize.  But after a brief encounter with Meier Link, D begins to suspect that the realtionship between Link and his abductee might not be what everyone assumes.  Very dramatic with an outstanding orchestrated soundtrack, Vampire Hunter D
 I'm not a huge anime expert or anything, but I own a fair set of movies and series dvds. I like Bloodlust.  It's a standard-length movie, lasting only a few hours, but it's easy to get into.  It's got decent music and nice artwork.  The characters are really interesting, but I won't reveal anything since the movie is so short. Overall, it may or may not be worth your money.  This the only English release anime dvd that I own, mostly because it costs a lot less for the Japanese version from places like animetoysonline.com.  I like it and consider it worthwhile, because the english cast is pretty good and the dubbing is very well done.  It never looks like a godzilla movie.
 Following in the footsteps of such invincible characters as Vash The Stampede (Trigun) and Alucard (Hellsing), comes D, a dunpeal (half vampire) bounty hunter. This is the second installment chronicling the adventures of D (the first being the original Vampire Hunter D). D is a killer of few words and even fewer friends, though he is not without a sense of honor and goodness. Initially, the plot is relatively mundane; Charlotte, your typical damsel in distress, is abducted by a powerful aristocratic vampire named Meyer. D is commissioned by Charlotte's family to bring back Charlotte, either dead or alive. At this point, this anime distinguishes itself from the pack when this seemingly predictable plot churns out a few signficant surprises that keeps the story running at a smooth, enthralling clip. As to what makes the movie so smooth and engrossing can be directly attributed to Vampire hunter D
 This is the sequel to the original release back in 1984, This time D is out to save a young woman kidnapped by the vampire meir link. The animation is as good as anything I have ever seen in anime. It ranks up there with Ghost In The Shell or anything else of this caliber. The music this time around is astoundingly good, it really made the movie and the plot is also very interesting. D is drawn to look very sharp in this movie, the detail in his face is exceptional, very smooth and fluid. Most anime is drawn to give good facial expression to bring across emotion, but D is about the best I have ever seen (this time around). For any anime fan, this is an absolute must have for your collection.
 This has everything the first movie had plus more.  This is the same great characterization but with awesome animation.  This has awesome music and a totally kickass opening.  Probably the best opener to any Anime movie I've ever seen!  BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS!!
 I have always been a fan of Vampire Hunter D, but I couldn't have even hoped to expect what I saw when I finally sat down and watched Bloodlust for the fisrt time last week. I was amazed by the excellent animation, the beautiful anime artwork, and the totally interesting story that Bloodlust had to offer. VHD was the first anime I had ever seen, and that was nearly 8 years ago, but it is still one of my favorites . . . However,  Vampire Hunter D
 I just have to say that this is absolutely one of the best anime-movies I have ever seen! The storyline is brilliant, and the graphics is really outstanding. If you are a fan of anime, I strongly advise you to add this masterpiece of film to your collection.   D  has been hired to track down Meier Link, a powerful vampire who has abducted a human woman. D's orders are strict - find Charlotte, at any cost. But he gets some competition. The Markus brothers are also hired for the same bounty. D must intercept Meier and conquer hostile forces in a deadly race against time.
 It's good generally for beginners interested in flamenco. There is a lot of information so you would have to take it all in in small increments. For those who are more advanced in "flamencology,  there is also a great deal of interesting history and detail that I know you can't possibly know unless you've lived and worked in the flamenco world in Andalucia. The alphabetical format is easy to follow- & it's just as it suggests- a dvd dictionary. The artists demonstrating all the cante, baile, & history are pretty good for demonsration purposes only. Don't get the dvd expecting to see the greatest dancers and singers of all time but if you want to learn terminology, styles, and styles within the styles from different regions- it is very recommendable. For serious students of flamenco- it's not very entertaining where you are glued to the t.v. but you can learn immensely from it & it should help you better understand this genre of music & lifestyle. I give it 5 stars for the educational material. Ole
 Truly liked this informative video.  Nicely made...I recommend it to those who want to know more about flamenco.  Enjoy and...Oleee!!!
 this DVD is very educational. Perfect for the flamenco dancing and musci student. One learns things about the genre that takes years to learn/understand in the classroom setting.
 This movie is what the 1990s action movie on-a-budget, was all about
 NANA is a story about two girls with the same name who randomly meet while going to pursue their dreams of making it big in Tokyo.  The NANA most folks know best is the singer who dreams of having her band - The Black Stones - sign with a major label and rock out in front of sell-out crowds.  Her friend, Hachi (their nickname in the story for the non-singer Nana) dreams of finding her perfect soul mate and love in the big city.  There is more to the adventures of these two ladies but their friendship is the glue that holds the tale together. The music is VERY GOOD - it stands alone which is unique for some anime shows -  and I recommend this series for anyone who likes strong characterizations, good writing and excellent music that fits in the storylines!
 I love this show! It's one of my favorites. And this box set is amazing!!! I can't wait for the new ones to come out!
 To the point,  NANA provides such a riveting story and character development that supersedes all predecessors in the genre.  The characters all possess a unique personality that can be easily differentiated from one another despite the abundant cast count.  The relationships that form/break and how these situations unfold provide the story with depth and has influence on the overall mentality of the character affected directly such such events.  The writers did a wonderful job coinciding all the affiliates within the anime to mesh and have significant influences upon eachother.  NANA is a fresh of breathe air w/o the unnecessary over dramatization (like chobits) and keeps the viewer engaged till the end.
 I was very intoxicated by this series. It is incomplete though. But if they add another season I'll buy it in a heartbeat. -Jult Warfell
 This movie was amazing. I watched an interview dvd with the doors prior to it, and this was taken exactly from what they said. Every inch of this movie was from the mouths of the real people, so accurate and he really looks like jim alot in this.
 Thanks to the unbelieveably meticulous direction from Oliver Stone and the hypnotic sublime performance of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, The Doors is an undeniable masterpiece of film. The late 60's and early 70's era is re-created brilliantly as we see the rise of a young Morrison who went from a poet to being the frontman of one of the defining bands of the century. Kilmer's performance must be seen to be believed (he looks, moves, and sounds exactly like the late Lizard King), and he is clearly the most underrated actor of his generation. An all star cast is brought together with Frank Whaley (Pulp Fiction) as Robby Kreiger, Kyle MacLachlan (Blue Velvet) as Ray Manzarek, Kevin Dillon (The Blob) as John Densmore, and Meg Ryan as Jim's long time girlfriend Pam. The rest of the ensemble cast includes Michael Madsen, Michael Wincott, Billy Idol, and Kathleen Quinlan. All in all, this is one of the definitive films of the 90's, and is a must own for fans of The Doors or Kilmer alike.
 this video is a must have for anyone who enjoys the doors. Val Kilmner's portrayal of Jim Morrison is the best thing that he has ever done. you will swear that he is posessed by the spirit of Morrison. Meg Ryan as Pam completes this tale of late 60's drug crazed rock and roll. Get it you won't regret it.
 This is a great movie. If you like the doors or EVEN if you dont like the doors it's still great. It has a lot of the doors songs on the movie and  also great TRUE facts although some are false. If you haven't seen this  movie I advise you to.
 Last night's bargain-rack movie was "The Doors, a film by Oliver Stone. If you enjoy rock 'n' roll and the life-style that seems to be associated with it, then you might enjoy this film. The Doors were a rock group whose leader, Jim Morrison, was a beach dude from Venice, California, and who's personal theme song was "The World Owes Me A Living. Jim met up with another Venice beach person who liked his poetry and first thing you know a couple other guys joined and they put together a band which quickly became popular. It was on to Whiskey A Go-Go, a Los Angeles dive for up and coming bands, then on to San Francisco, a recording contract and off to New York City, all in a very short time span. Burning the candle at both ends became a way of life. The Doors fame quickly grew and their records hit big-time and the funding rolled in. Jim Morrison's ego quickly inflated to mega-proportions and he began to hold everyone in contempt, his venue owners, the police, his loyal girlfriend, his band-mates and, ultimately, even his fans, while he proclaimed that life wasn't worth living and that he wanted to die. His intake of intoxicants was prodigious and he favored hard booze, guzzled straight from the bottle. His shows gradually became intoxicated brawls until, finally, he died of heart problems at the old age of 29. Okay, I've glossed it over a bit but that's the general gist. It's an interesting story and the general outline fits more than one rock group.  The movie was quite excellent. Well done! The acting was believable. You could actually feel as if you're a member of the entourage and are going through this ridiculous rise and fall right along with Morrison and the band. Most of the Doors songs have faded with 60s memories, but it's good hearing them again in the context of the times.. The Doors have become music critics legendary darlings so a lot of interesting extra materials are included on a second disc. It's a worthwhile DVD packet, whether you liked the Doors or not.  Gary Peterson
 Val Kilmer, who plays Jim Morrison of THE DOORS plays the part that was designed, and created for Val and only Val to play! No other actor on Earth could portray this musician, James Morrison. Jim Morrison was the rock of cock, he was the poet the man who knew how the right type of drugs could enduce his mental mind to the point that no other rock star on Earth can or has done since his time.  However, Jim was also a spoiled rotton egotistical greedy self centered punk who centered only upon himself. His fame was his death. He thought he was above it all. His drug and alchohol abuse killed him. He mentally killed his only love that loved him through thick and thin, Pam. His beloved. He had an affair with this woman who is a wanna be witch in real life and who in real life is nothing but the tramp that ruined Pam and Jim. He whored on Pam and Pam turned to Herione.  Watch this true movie. Watch what I see.  See if you see what I watched.
 This movie is really great. Val Kilmer deserves am award for his portrail of Jim Morrison. All the actors that played the Doors were awesome because Val really sang and the other guys really played their instruments. If you love the Doors and Jim Morrison then you will really love this movie. Also with the help of the remaining Doors Oliver Stone made this movie true to life and according to the facts.
 what can i say, a classic movie about a classic rock band on high def blue ray.....get it.
 This is the best rock movie ever made. Oliver Stone is the most talented filmmaker of all time. This is a film he gets less credit for, but it was very personal to him and brilliantly done. First of all, he nails the life of Jim Morrison, the story of The Doors, and the L.A. Scene (1960s) as perfectly as it can be done. It is beyond nostalgoia, it is time travel. As great as Stone's use of Doors songs, scenery, drug use and beautiful, heavily-decorated '60s California girls is, it is Val Kilmer who does this turn its proudest. Kilmer probably gets to the core of a real person as thoroughly and realistically as any actor who ever portrayed actual folks. Next on the agenda, you have to love Frank Whaley as Robbie Krieger and Kyle McLaughlin as a spot on, irritating Ray Manzarek. To those of us who really studied Morrison and The Doors, everything is flawless. The film also conveys the essence of the bar scene, particularly Morrison urinating at Barney's Beanery, which used to be a real rock hangout before it turned into a cafe. The feeling watching "The Doors switches between a longing for the romance and excitement of the rock life these people led, and revulsion for the drugs and immorality inherent within it. Love my girl!
 Great music, great concert camera work, and great acting by Val Kilmer. The only real negative is the focus on Lizard King persona, and not enough real Jim. But overall worth watching w/ the volume set on high.
 This was the part that Val Kilmer was born to play. The music in the movie just makes you trip away from the very beginning. It's fantastic. I love the Doors. This is a must have for any Door's fan.
 Great movie and performances from all.  Not sure why he didn't get a nomination.. must have to any collection
 you love oliver stone or hate 'em but for this viewer The Doors defines rock music in the 60s better than any other movie. it's a stone trademark to get career-defining performances from people and in this case Val Kilmer gives one of the best performances of his career. Kilmer's transformation into Jim Morrison is uncanny. The music is used artfully and the editing is fantastic. The only false note is the casting of meg ryan as Morrison's wife. Otherwise a beautiful immersive movie.
 Formed by Jim Morrison and Ray Manzarek at a night on the beach after Jim read some of his poems to Ray, The Doors became one of the greatest rock bands of all time in the late 60s. Jim Morrison was one of the first rock n roll rebels and wrote some of the darkest, deepest songs ever ("The End", "Strange Days", etc.) Even Iggy and the Stooges and the MC5 started a band themselves after being mesmerized at a Doors concert. The band started in 1965, and released their first album in 1967, and sadly the original band ended in 1971, due to Jim Morrison's unfortunate death.  Oliver Stone's film is more about Jim Morrison than the band, to be honest. Val Kilmer's performance is so convincing, you'd think you're watching Jim in the film (and in some shots, you are!). It has been said that even the surviving Doors members had trouble distinguishing Kilmer's vocals from Morrison's own. Val Kilmer should've at least been nominated for an oscar. The actors playing the other Doors members (Kyle MacLachlan, Kevin Dillion, and Frank Whaley) have some screen time, but as I said, the movie is basically about Jim. I think this is an excellent bio-pic, but some would disagree. So, check it out if you're a fan, or even if you aren't a fan. It's a masterpiece. Oh, and Oliver Stone is an admitted fanatic Morrison fan, in interviews he has said that he views him as something of a god.
 If you love The Doors, you need to watch this film. It's absolutely amazing. Full of many songs from The Doors and other bands of the era, it paints a picture of the band from the very beginning until Morrison's death. Val Kilmer gives an outstanding performance and slips into the role of Jim Morrison with no problems. You're tempted to think it IS Morrison. Meg Ryan is wonderful as Pamela Morrison.  I highly recommend this movie if you are a fan of The Doors. I can't get enough of it.
 The doors is a fantastic film about the great 60's rock band "the Doors and front man Jim Morrison. This film talks about how the band got started and how it ended. Val Kilmer deserved an oscar out of this film. He looked, sounds, and acted like Jim Morrison. Oliver Stone made a perfect choice casting Val. I've never really heard any of the doors music, but this film (like sid and nancy) got me in to them. This film realy catches the scent of the 60's. Peace, love, naked, marijuana, and etc. This film can be depressing watching it but is realy amazing. It can be funny also at the same time, who knew Jim was funny.  The second disk includes a featurette, trailer-teaser-tv spots, deleted scenes, road to excess-a deep and dark look at the heart of the film, comentary, and much more. The only thing that disapointed me buy buying this film is that there are no subtitles. Some scenes are really hard to understand. Other than that you need to go pick up this dvd. You wont be disapointed except for the subtitle draw back.
 I have the Stone Complete Boxed Set (full set) - and this movie is not anamorphic or even what they call "enhanced for 16x9 TVs.  So when you play it, bars not only appear on the top and bottom (not as a big deal) - but they do on the sides as well (this is BAD)...so you have to zoom it to fill out the 16 x 9 TVs.  Supposedly the 2DVD Doors special edition that came out in 1997 (orange) - said it was anamorphic this time, but is it true this was not really the case as everyone found out?  And so - does anyone know if this new edition (purple) is truly amamorphic or enhanced for 16x9 TVs.  I know it isn't HD, but anamorphic...you know what I mean?  thanks!  UPDATE for FEBRUARY 20th!!! - it IS TRUE ANAMORPHIC!!!  Thanks!!!
 Looks brand new, not a scratch on the DVD. One of my favorite movies so it was totally worth the $3!!!
 Being a huge Doors fan it was entertaining. Oliver Stone did a great job with the scene feel. Val Kilmer did a phenomonal job as Jim, even satisfactorily vocaling some of the live concerts. If you have read some of  the books about Jim, ie. No One Here Gets Out Alive, you have noticed they  did not show the artist side of him as he was in real life. They show more  of the depression and self destruction. Also, Patricia Keneley was two  people combined into one character. Even so this is a great film of the  rise and fall of James Douglas Morrison.
 Having lived through the era in which this takes place, all I can say is WOW trippin' down memory lane!!!
 Wow, this is a very good movie.  Even if you consider yourself only somewhat of a Doors fan, you gotta admit this is one mighty fine movie.  The guy who plays the Jim Morrison character looks so much like him it's not even funny (and with the Doors, it's never a laughing matter).  You will learn so much about the band, and specifically Jim Morrison.  I like how he found his girlfriend in the beginning of the movie.  As for the Doors music, you will hear PLENTY of that throughout the movie.  A variety of songs throughout the first six studio albums, and even some surprising lesser known songs can be heard at times, such as "Love Street and "Five to One".  I wasn't expecting to hear those songs.  The story of how "Light my Fire was created is a really good one too.  The constant drugs and drinking that Morrison did is all mentioned and detailed here as well.  Also, the part where the Doors weren't allowed to say "girl you couldn't get much higher from the famous Ed Sullivan bit is included.  I like how Ed wanted the band to be happier and not so gloomy when they were sitting around in their dressing rooms and waiting to go out there and perform, haha.  We can look back and see the Doors simply didn't WANT to be the happy cheery type.  I guess Jim Morrison was shy at first and didn't want to perform in front of big crowds, which explains why the first performance the Doors ever did, Jim had his back to the audience.  That was interesting.  My favorite part is when Jim Morrison actually thought he wasn't a very good singer, and then he starts singing to the band members and... WOW.  Are you kidding me?  The guy is a BRILLIANT singer!  Overall, this is great great stuff.
 Highly entertaining film about the Doors rise to fame.  The music is great.  Not to be missed.
 This film takes you through the history of the Doors starting in Vanice Beach California where they break through and rise to stardom.  Perfectly cast Val Kilmar as Jim Morrison and his girlfriend Meg Ryan take you through the wild, ride of the life of Jim Morrison and his band.  Along with the evolving music of his band and the rising drug addiction that influenced the future of his life. It flows through the timeline showing all the true aspects of Jim's poetic personality.  Fabulously portrayal of Jim Morrison and very entertaining.
 Although I have never agreed with drug use at all, I have always enjoyed the music of Jim Morrison and the Doors. (and many other groups of the 60's and 70's)... I also love the acting ability of Val Kilmer, and he is awesome in this role. The movie is very well made, the music is fantastic, the storyline is wonderful, yet so sad... I highly recommend this DVD to anyone who likes the Doors...
 For those of us who grew up in the 1960s, this is a wonderful film.  It genuinely evokes the sense of newness and possibility of that time, that all old forms could be swept away, that we could live love and rock and not worry about the future.  Of course we were wrong, and those who embodied all the hope and excess, like Morrison, paid the price with their lives - they were drunk, drugged out, and many eventually died of it.  Looking back on it, I feel amazed at how naive we were, how arrogant, but then, we were children and youths, affluent and feeling that the possibilities literally were limitless.  This film accurately portrays that feeling, both in its pathetic over-reaching, but also a lot of the beauty of it.  This is the best Stone film by far, and I wasn't even into the Doors.  Warmly recommended.
 Brilliant. The film starts out with The Doors, and then takes on a life of its own, becoming a cult object in the process, an objet  d'art, breathless, entwined, twirling, obsessive, relentless, varicoloured...It's like a sex act that feels unbearibly good and creates expectations of a final, musical, passionate, finale.
 If you just want to have a good time and not worry about details related to biography, this is the perfect The Doors movie.
 This review refers to the Artisan Special Edition(2disc)DVD of "The Doors".....  Become immersed in the wild ride that Oliver Stone takes you on in this legendary film of a legendary rocker.The extrordinary  life story of Jim Morrison, played eeriley by Val Kilmer, will keep you mesmerized and stay with you long after the movie has ended.  The film explores "The Doors", from their beginnings in Venice Beach, California, where they exploded onto the rock scene,breaking the mold of music in the 60's, to their rise as superstars. Morrison's life is the main focus as a senstive poet type dropping out of film school, to becoming the Peyote addicted,culture shocking, philosphical rock idol.The LSD trips, the visions of this genius, his personal life and of course the famous controversial concerts are all told through Stone's unique cinematic magic.  You'll get lost not only in the time setting of the story but of course in the music as well. "The Doors electrifying music is heard throughout the film and follows them chronologically on their journey. It's a film for fans of the cinema and music alike.  As mentioned above Val Kilmer is uncanny in not only his performance as Morrison, but seems to take on the physical appearance as well. The band members played by Kevin Dillon, Kyle Maclachlan and Frank Whaley are extraordinary in their portrayals. Meg Ryan, in a very dramatic roll as Jim's girl Pam is brilliant. This "Special Edition DVD is the one to have(and it's not as expensive as the other) It's a 2 disc set, with a fabulous widescreen picture, and a 5.1 Dolby Dig(get to this through the special feature selections) audio track that will blow you away. Lots and lots of special features. On the disc with the movie you can listen to Stone's commentary where he fills you in on how the band met, the genesis of the songs, and where he has taken license with the story. The second disc is filled with featurettes and production notes. Looking at the Technical info for the other edition ("The Collectors") it seems to be longer by 30 minutes and may have some extras not included with this one, but it is not in the 5.1 which for me was the deciding factor in this film featuring this exciting soundtrack.  So get out those mood rings and leather fringe vests and get ready to rock with "The Doors"..... "This Is The End"...........Laurie  also recommended
 'The Doors' were one of the greatest rock and roll bands of the sixties and the quintessential California group of the decade. They so embodied the West Coast counterculture experience that viewing this biographical film about Jim Morrison and The Doors also provides a fascinating view of the cultural and spiritual forces that drove Jim and that entire generation to challenge the status quo of the American mainstream.  What exactly is the true story of the life and death of Jim Morrison? Is it the story of one of the many rebellious young adults of the time who in looking for an alternative way of living got lost along the way in the drugs, alcohol and sexual freedom that so dominated that culture? Or is Jims' story a deeply mystical tale announcing the rebirth of ancient shamanism into the collective consciousness of the twentieth century? The story of someone chosen by the spirits to bring the 'old ways' to a new generation looking for something to fill the spiritual void brought about by the loss of belief in the Christian God?  Director Oliver Stone has played the mythmaker to perfection in this amazing film providing us with the unique experience of entering into the American Dreamtime. Layering mundane worldly events intermitently with glimpses of the psychic, shamanic forces motivating those events we are given the opportunity to chose for ourselves what level of reality we are willing, or ready to accept. A truly remarkable accomplishment.  As for the performance of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, it couldn't have been better. His ability to capture both the physcial appearance and dark persona of the legendary rock star so completely is beyond extraordinary. Without question Val was born to play this role.  Did Jim really believe he was the "Electric Shaman called by the spirits to open the "Doors of Perception to a sleeping world? Was he Dionysus reborn, here to use his suggestive music and lyrics to arouse his followers and bring to fruition his new 'Rites of Spring' with "Golden copulations in the streets of L.A. More likely he was playing the part of the mischevious Indian 'Trickster' leading us once again in the wrong direction. Maybe it's just like his Mother said long ago while the old Indian lay dying along the roadside in the California desert. "It's just a dream Jimmy, that's all it is.  So relax, show no fear, "Kiss the Snake and enjoy the ride!
 The people endlessly trashing this film are obviously biased against Mr. Stone, or the idea of their guru Jim Morrison being portrayed by someone else on celluloid.  I haven't read an objective review yet, which is pretty  sad, considering that this is a brilliant movie made by an extraordinary  filmmaker.  To quote James Woods reffering to Stone
 The thing about most rock movies like this one is that in reviewing them, people are often caught up in the accuracy of the presentation. Is this EXACTLY how Jim was? Is that REALLY what Patricia and Jim did together? And what about that Ed Sullivan thing, did that really happen?  Please, people. If that's what you're looking for, watch an actual Doors concert. Watch Jim Morrison interviews. Read a decent biography. This is a MOVIE, coming straight out of Hollywood. As Oliver Stone says in the bonus features, it's his interpretation of a figure that has fascinated generations for decades, even after his untimely death in the early 1970s.  Of course, everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's certainly legitimate to be annoyed at minor factual inconsistencies, and the like. Also, this movie was bound to make at least SOME of Jim's closest relations angry. Patricia Kennealy hates poor Mr. Stone with a passion (but then she hates most everyone these days, so that's probably not saying much). Ray Manzerek, keyboardist for the Doors, called the movie "atrocious". Perhaps this isn't what Jim was like -- in my opinion, it was slightly unfair, the way Stone handled Jim's drug and alcohol issues.  However, despite all this, I love the movie. It wasn't supposed to answer any questions, it was supposed to represent one man's image of the Lizard King ("whatever that means"), and this image is surprisingly universal. He recreates the hazy world of 60s L.A. with magnificent usage of color, music, and set, so that this movie is a visual feast. The Doors songs scattered throughout are also quite accurately placed -- the misty effects of 'Riders on the Storm' are especially poignant in the beginning of the film, and a recurring theme in 'The End' is an interesting film technique. All in all, it builds a very interesting view of the late 60s, Jim Morrison, the Doors, and their world.  Oh, yes, and the acting. The acting in this movie is tremendous. Meg Ryan does a wonderful job as Pamela Courson (Jim's common law wife, and longtime love), with a great performance in a violent Thanksgiving scene. Though I forget her name, the actress playing the witchwife Patricia Kennealy is also quite impressive, though based on the real-life Kennealy's recent endeavours, I'm not sure how realistic her interpretation was. And, of course, the impeccable Val Kilmer. Some may say he didn't display all the facets of Jim to the extent that he could, I say don't blame him for that, blame the script. His performances onstage conduct the same energy Morrison himself provoked in a crowd, his MysteriousDrunkenPoet interpretation was perfect for the mood Stone set, and I challenge any nonbelievers to watch Kilmer sing 'Light My Fire', and then put the actual song on. To the average listener - perhaps even the above-average listener - there is NO DIFFERENCE. The voice, the word-breaks, the tone... it's all perfectly on the mark. It's scary, actually.  So, in conclusion, I challenge any negative critics of Stone's movie to include all of its features in their consideration. Oliver Stone did not catch Jim Morrison on film. He encapsulated the mystery, the enigma that was Jim Morrison. He opens more questions than answers them, and rightly so. The only person that can REALLY claim to know what Jim was like is Jim himself, and of course he's not exactly around to do so. This movie is a triumph as a film, with amazing visuals, brilliant acting, and a true passion for the subject. It's extremely enjoyable, and comes highly recommended.
 The rock group The Doors were perfect fodder for Oliver Stone's powerful, vivid and radical imagination...to say nothing of his talent.  If you are reading this, you probably know the rough outline of The Doors and Jim Morrison, their mercurial lead singer.  So let's cut right to it
 The Doors, directed by Oliver Stone and starring Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison is an epic and visually stunning film that attempts to tell not only about the rise and fall of a band, and in particular its singer, a complex and enigmatic figure, but also about the "Strange Days of a unique period in history known as The 60's. People who complain about the facts being distorted are missing the point. Due to the subjectivity of truth and the uncertainty of factual accuracy, this film isn't aiming for objective truth. It is Stone's vision, and besides, a lot of the events didn't occur in the physical realm at all
 If there is any thing bad about this movie is that it does not go on forever and ever.The life of Jim Morrison is one story that can never be portrayed in words or pictures but this effort is worth a praise.Though it does not really shows what a good company Jim was but it do keeps you goin through the worst parts of life.If you really wanna see why this man was and still is a mystery,You must watch this movie.
 The best die young.  That is a cliche', but when you think of Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, Mama "Cass Elliot and Jim Morrison, there is truth in that wisdom as you look back upon the late 60's and 70's music genre.  This film, a classic by Oliver Stone and what should have been an Academy Award winning performance for Val Kilmer, is a revival of one of the most remarkable rock musicians of all time - Jim Morrison... Morrision was a charismatic wizard of rock...and mesmerized his audiences not only with music...but with his poetic talents and mastery of the English language.  Yes...Morrison defined his life with the statement - "I am the Lizard King...I can do anything - and this film captures the essence of that statement.  Val Kilmer was perfectly cast in this film.  He was either kin to Morrison or found a piece of his soul when trying to emulate the influence JM had on the youth of the Sixties.  I'd give this film a rating of "6 if it were within the rating scale.  Meg Ryan is so convincing, I asked my friends if she ever had a romantic relationship with Val Kilmer outside of this film.  No one knew.  And the soundtrack (of course) is awesome.  If I had led such a tragic life as JM...and had wallowed in the mire (no pun intended) with alcohol and drugs like he...I would have been honored to have such a film pay a tribute to my life.  This is, by far, the best film ever produced on the life and times of the Sixties.
 must see for any music fan.  val kilmer is a near look-a-like and has his mannerisms down well.  but you can't help wishing that jim had portrayed himself.  his childlike sweetness, expression, looks, pure sex appeal, his tortured psyche.  as good as kilmer is in this movie, see dick wolf's documentary "when you're strange".  jim morrison was greater and bigger than anything an actor could ever  hope to capture.  his voice was pure sex and made his words penetrate your depths.  his words were everything to him.  he was a poet.  he was a genius.  he was tortured.  must that always lead to self destruction?  why?  as johnny depp says at the end of the film,  "some say he was just another rock star who crashed and  burned.  "but this much is true,  you can't burn out if you're not on fire".  what we take from this what a holocaust jim morrison truly was.  wish he were still here to tell us how he survived his demons.....he's not.  but we have his music.  it will last long after we who survived him are all gone.  <a href="http
 This movie transported me back to the 60's. It brought back some great memories. The sound track is excellent!!!!!
 The particular filmography of Oliver Stone has had peak and lows. He is - before any other circumstance - a CSI filmmaker. His camera is an untiring explorer of facts, livings and memories. That is why my personal list of his treasures films possibly do not include his most succesful works.  This is one of my three favorite Opus of Stone; (my other tweo choice are JFK and Wall Street). This movie works out as historical document, due its shocking realism but the the loyal refelect of USA in those ages. Being an exception figure O.S. innquires and carves in releief the expectations, defeats and livings of whole generation, tired of waiting who felt Jim Morrison was the icon of his generation, the direct descendent of the beatnik ages headed by Alan Gingsberg and Andy Warhol. The script is so well built and the performances are so natural and spontaneous; the towering acting of Kilmer and the fabulous scenaries conform a majuscule and interweaved puzzle of multidimensional resonance.  Recommended without reserves.
 I'll keep my review short and simple.  This is one of my top 5 all time favorite movies.  Val Kilmer should have won an Oscar for his performance, or at least received more praise.  Oliver Stone knows that his story isn't 100% true and he never claimed it to be.  This was his vision of The Doors, and with the help of Robbie Kreiger, Patricia Kennealy, Pamela Courson-Morrison's parents and John Densmore, he did an incredible job.  However, Meg Ryan wasn't all that.  She's a decent actress, but not worthy/cool enough to play Pamela Morrison.  When the movie came out, Meg talked about how over-rated she thinks The Doors(the band) are and that Jim Mrrison was just a drunk.  Well, Meg, why associate yourself with the movie then?  Anyway, the movie is an amazing experience.
 This is an excellent film about Jim Morrison and the Doors. While it is true that it is not completely accurate(Oliver Stone directed it so how would it be)and is sometimes way over the top it is still an entertaining and intresting movie. I've watched it several times(I love the Doors and Jim)and it holds up to the repeated views. If you like classic rock or the Doors then I would encourage this because it is a great picture of the 60's and of Jim. Val Kilmer does a superb job as Jim. He looks, speaks and even sings like Jim. Meg Ryan is good as his wife. Anyways I highly reccomend this!
 Amazing movie... fun to watch and a total trip. (Seriously, this movie gives me a contact-high every time I watch it!)  Val Kilmer is really great and of course the music is awesome.  Oliver Stone is quite the visual weaver.  This is a great film for anyone interested in the Doors - and if you're not?  This film will GET you into them.
 The first time I watched this movie was at a party.  I had no clue who The Doors were, wasn't really paying attention, and never really saw the ending, however something clicked.  The next day I went to rent the movie  and really sit down and watch it.  I never had a thing for Val Kilmer as an  actor or really cared about Oliver Stone movies either.  But after watching  this movie made me fall in love with the Door's music.  After buying all  their albums and books and reading into the band I found that the movie was  not really exact in the band and the life of Jim.  And the band members  today say they were upset with the movie.  However, die hard fan or someone  that wants to visit the era in a movie, will enjoy this flick.  Watch this  movie as entertainment the way Oliver Stone wanted you to see it and not  necessarily to get their life story.  The movie is filled with some of the  best Doors songs there are and can take you back to the era that many  people wish never ended.  Val Kilmer played an excellent role looking and  even voicing Jim.  If you are somewhat interested in the band, the era, or  slipping away from reality for a couple hours, I highly recommend this  movie!
 This is one of Val Kilmer's best movies.  If you didn't know you would actually believe he was Morrison. If you haven't seen it you need to and if you dont' own it you should especially if you are a Doors or a Kilmer fan. I give this movie two thumbs up.
 Actually, the Doors was Jim Morrison and some other guys.  Oh sure, Manzarek, Krieger and Densmore contributed to the music and the sound, no doubt, but without Morrison the Doors would have been a long forgotten L.A. band.  Or do you rate "Other Voices and "Full Circle as classics?  Yeah, I didn't think so.  Now that we have that settled, this imperfect movie rates the 5 on the relatively soft Amazon scale for one huge reason, the spot-on near clone performance of Val Kilmer, surely the role of his life so far.  I can recall few, if any, portrayals that are a closer match to the real person.  The face, the expressions, the movements and that voice . . . wow.  The scene in the Whiskey, fading in through the indian's eye, it's one of the best things put on film, ever.  The movie isn't great, it moves too fast and leaves a lot out, but there are great things in it.  I also liked the way the movie paid homage to the Morrison mythos too; was he really possessed?  Did they raise Dionysus in concert?  Could he really recite from memory obscure books found only in the library of Congress?  Well, maybe not, but there was something spiritual about Morrison, the man was one of those "great souls whose personality dominated all around him.  He had a certain amount of art in him, all written in his poetry book before they even started, and when it was done, he was done, and he was gone, probably still wearing the same shoes and pants.  His life, though tragic, was pure rock and roll.  Everyone dies.  Morrison lived like a skyrocket.  The movie is a fitting tribute, with no holds barred.  By the way, the original version of this movie carried one last line of print before the credits, in case you're curious.  Her family managed to get it removed, but it said "Pam joined him three years later . . .".  PS
 Val Kilmer might as well be Jim Morrison reincarnate.  He was too good for the part.  It was beyond amazing... it was downright eerie.  From Jim's singing/talking voice, all the way to his maneurisms and his drug-addiction and his beliefs, and what he looked like... Val Kilmer got it all.  All I can say is, somehow,  JIM MORRISON WAS HAUNTING THIS FILM.  Because of that, and because of the incredible supporting cast, really hot women, and the splended choice of songs used for the movie, The Doors is an amazing masterpiece about an incredible rock group.  I wish I had been alive in that time to truly see the Doors live instead of being forced to see their concerts on TV and on DVD.  This DVD is an awesome bio-movie about the band, and about Jim Morrison.  And about Val Kilmer... I had first seen Val Kilmer act as Batman in Batman Forever, and after that, I didn't think too highly of his acting skills.  It was an okay Batman, but he just didn't do that good.  But then I saw this movie, and I began looking at what else Val Kilmer has done, and I realized, it wasn't Val Kilmer who sucked in Batman Forever (It was just his bad luck that he had to read that particular script)... it was Robin and the mediocrity of the movie itself.  As I said above, it was eerie watching him play Jim Morrison.  The DVD also has great features, a lot of Deleted Scenes that I think should be put back into the movie, and over-all is very worth-it.  Now, an unrated one with all those Deleted Scenes put back in would be incredible.
 Alot of people have said that this movie isn't completely accurate...and even though that is true...the movie was amazing! The acting was great. They could not have found anyone else to play the part of someone as amazing as Jim Morrison...Val Kilmer was fantastic! You really felt like you were seeing Jim all over again. And while it is true that this movie only shows the wild and drug-addicated side of Jim, the movie...the acting...and the direction is great! Oliver Stone did a great job of showing Jim the way that Oliver saw him...and Oliver even said that was how it was supposed to be...an opinion and a vision that he had. So with that in mind...and the fact that Val Kilmer, Kyle MacLachlan, Frank Whaley, Kevin Dillon, and Meg Ryan did an amazing job, this movie is one of those...turn out the lights and let your mind go...kind of movies! A MUST SEE!!!
 I have been a true doors fan for some years. I am 15 years old, and I first discovered doors music when I would hear it coming from the room of my older brother when I was about 5 or 6 years old. I picked up these songs when I bought the doors first album when I was about 12 and it just clicked in and I remembered how all the songs sounded. This movie was also quite an inspiration to my devotion as a doors fan. Val Kilmer is excellent as Jim Morrison. Many negative reviews are written about how Oliver Stone didn't  accurately  portray the doors. The fact is that everyone has there own opinion about how Jim Morrison was and how he acted and that is was Oliver Stone did when he made the film. It was based on what he felt the doors and Jim Morrison were like. Jim had many many sides to him, crazy, funny, caring, kind, happy, dark, etc. I believe that the doors will always be my absolute most favorite band because of there unique sound, exceptional lyrics, and incredible singer/poet.
 ...Mr. Kilmer is dead-on as the Lizard King, the  band  nails the look of a band really performing and the trippy visuals are all in the spirit of the era from which the Doors sprang. Man, either rock or get the hell out of the way ...
 This is one of the greatest films about the greatest band and Jim. I have read many books about the life of the doors and the movie is pretty much online with everything else. No one person can know eactly everything that  went on in the Doors life but this movie is excellent. I have listened to  there music, read books on them, visited Jim's Grave and have experiecned  some of the things Jim had done in his life. The movie was a great reality  that Val Kilmer portrayed flawlessly. I encourage every person that has an  intrest in the Doors and life back then to purchase this movie. Also I  think there is gonna be a new movie out this year from Ray, hopefully it is  as a great as this one.
 Hello there,  THE FILM THAT BLEW THE COVER OF THE LEGEND THAT IS THE DOORS  The Doors revokes the worldwide interest of shamanism and the protection of the environment against illegal construction corporate activities and still continues to leave the lives of whoever watch it changed forever. Watching the Doors is beyound reading the works of Bob Frizzel or Drunvalo Melchizedek or having a chat with Stewart Swerdlow. The film touches the heart of the entire population on this planet as it continues to be watched - this time by myself , yesterday and being finished today. Jim Moors died happy - looking towards the limit of the horizon , having freed himself finally from his mortal body , in the year 1971. He was a first class self - initiated shaman who followed the Native American Tradition , according to Stone , and not Satanism , as portrayed in the rock'n roll classic documentary Hell's Bells. So obsessed with freeing his soul from his mortal body did Jim Morrison become that nothing else mattered , sometimes not even 'the one'or his wife. Jim Morrison taught people that in order to overcome fear you must confront it - literally. He was totally unafraid of fame and fortune and definately did not literally believe in Satan. He believed instead , according to Stone , in the Great Spirit being nature itself and loved the desert - out there , like Charles Manson , Jim Morrison felt restful and at peace and at one with his heart and the girl he loved who would grow up and become one of the most famous women of all time , who would have even silent wannabes wanting to be like her among many of America's leading politicians , such as Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton , who must have secretly desired to be wives of Jim Morrison in some of their sickest , sexcual fantasies which can only be defined as normal due to the spirit of the times. And what's wrong with any woman wanting to be the wife of a famous rock star? What Jim Morrison exposed was the body of our once inner policeman , who is slowly being killed and whose body is still in the process of being processed. That is what he means when he says that most of us are in fact slaves. I do not even allow myself to speak profanely here when I state that , so I'll leave the spirit of Jim Morrison to once again remind us of the importance of NOT BEING SLAVES to anyone , even ourselves. But Jim Morrison ended up being a slave to the drugs that he was so quick to get addicted to , and freed himself from his drug slavery in the end , fearlessly , calmly , rationally , irrationally , spatially , happily , sexually , fantastically , and quite honestly brilliantly. He became one of history's greatest rock stars , and as Michael Jackson died , so would his generation be resurrected. Finally Jim Morrison roams free in the spirit world - let's hope he does not end up in a place belonging to the mind of such people as Peggy Kane when it comes to talk about his hopefully happy afterlife. The film explodes the senses with it's surreal lack of special effects , and bestows upon the entire population of the people of the United States a form of nakedness and self - exposure which a worker in the black project programmes can only dream of. Jim Marrison may have been a black tulip that got eaten by drugs - but in the end he defeated his drug addiction doing it the only way he thought appropriate at that time. He wanted to defy death , and sometimes wondered if he could defy his own fame. He believed in life , liberty , hope , love , hate , anything a man can believe in - and loved his wife and children more than anyone and anything. He was a man who had it all , and got it all in the end , got bored by it , and wanted to explore more. For the spirit of the personality that was Jim Morrison still lives on to this day. Therefore I say that this is without doupt , Oliver Stone's best film. Everything is changing now as our society chooses to abandon zealous materialism , and all kinds of extreme forms of variations of religions , and new and more forgiving varieties of spirituality are constructed , out of the ashes of the less forgiving cults. Everything is changed in the mind of the viewer of this film - it quite literally tunes you in , then drops you out and that with more sheer quality of surreal realism than anything Videodrome by David Chronenberg had ever attempted to do , an equally fascinating and good film to watch nonetheless. This is one of a kind of a movie - and there aren't that many musical films I've seen. Way to go Oliver Stone , still receiving honest and positive criticism on this brilliant work of genius whose immortal spirit can never be defeated , and way to go for Val Kilmer. This is the best EVER movie I've ever seen starring him.
 This Movie is awesome it was beautifally directed by Oliver Stone and has the best cast ever! This movie Explores the dynasty of one of the greatest bands ever THE DOORS! If you are a big fan of the doors like me you will love this movie! It goes from rise to fall a perfect movie a MUST SEE DO YOU HEAR ME A MUST SEE!THIS IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME! I AM THE LIZARD KING I CAN DO ANYTHING!
 This movie changed my perspective of Rock n' Roll intensely.  This movie was so gratifying, it gave me chills, it also made me sort of understand Morrison more.  Val Kilmer portrayed  such a terrific roll as Morrison, I acually believed it was Morrison instead of the actor.  I love the doors.  I dont think the movie could be any better or any worse.  Thumbs up to Oliver STONE.  JIM MORRISON LIVES
 This told the story about The Doors through their years up until Jim Morrison died sadly. It gave me a whole new look in the band. Val Kilmer delivers in the great role as one of the best rock and rollers of our time. The Doors have some of the best songs out there and it protrays on how some songswere written. Great DVD..Buy it! I did, It was worth the money! A++
 This movie was excellent. Val Kilmer played Jim Morrison impeccably. This movie really gave me a look into The Doors and really entertained me. I'd Reccommend this movie for anyone who likes The Doors or music from that time. I enjoyed it, before the movie I didn't know too much about Jim Morrison or The Doors but now I am a Doors fan. This movie is a must-see
 I RENTED THIS MOVIE ABOUT 2-3 DAYS AGO. I THOUGHT IT WAS SUCKY WHEN I FIRST SAW IT, BUT WHEN I THINK OF IT, IT WAS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT IT WAS. THAT SONG "LIGHT MY FIRE. IT IS THE MOST AWESOME SONG ON THE CDs AND THE MOVIE (THE VAL KILMER VERSION IS BETTER)!  I AM A BIG FAN OF THE DOORS NOW!  THIS MOVIE HAS EVERYTHING
 "The Doors is the greatest of all rock movies, in the years since it was first released in 1991 it has gained a weird kind of cult status, it is popular among young rockers and teenagers as it is among the adults who belong to the generation first grabbed by "Light My Fire. The film is directed by cinema madman and virtuoso, Oliver Stone, who was a Doors fan when serving in Vietnam and here conceives a movie that is big in scope and excess, in other words, it stays true to the spirit of it's subject. People (including Doors organist Ray Manzarek) have attacked Stone and movie for dramatic license and fictional inventions, but the Morrison myth has grown so large that it is hard to even trust the accounts of people like Manzarek (who enjoys pouring gasoline into the myth's fire) and so the movie should be taken for what it is, a MOVIE. And man, it is one of the great rock spectacles ever dramatized on film. Val Kilmer gives his greatest performance, dressed in the black leather pants and long hair, he gives a stunning performance because we never doubt it is Jim Morrison dancing around on the screen, the effect is even more enhanced because Kilmer sang most of the concert scenes (in the DVD commentary, Stone informs us Kilmer sang ALL of the 1969 Miami concert sequence) and as a performer, he has a pretty good voice. The movie captures not only the madness of Morrison, but also the atmosphere and lore of his music. The movie uses no score, it imploys the Doors songs to create the mood (while squeezing in "Venus In Furs by Velvet Underground and the classic opus "Carmina Burana"). There are moments of insansity and excess that create a hypnotic intensity driven by the rich, dreamy photography by Robert Richardson, and there are even, amidst the sex, drugs and rock n' roll, some moments of romantic sweetness in a poetic way when Morrison rhymes for his girl Pamela Courson (played by Meg Ryan). Stone used completely live audiences for the concert sequences, which are exhilarating and stunning, especially a gothic sequence in San Francisco when the band performs "Not To Touch The Earth. Any Doors fan will love this film, especially since the soundtrack, featuring all the greats like "Break On Through, "Backdoor Man, "Light My Fire, "Strange Days, "The Crystal Ship and "Five To One pulses with the Doors sound, and hearing Kilmer deliver his own performances is a treat no Doors afficionado or rock enthusiast should miss. "The Doors is thrilling, hypnotic and a fiery experience of great rock n' roll.
 I avoided this movie when it first came out, and I avoided it for about 10 years afterward, because I heard that it was such a travesty. Recently, I received the DVD as a Christmas gift. Out of respect to the person who gave it to me, I decided to watch it at least once. I was very pleasantly surprised... and physically and emotionally exhausted by the movie's end. True, Oliver Stone's version of the Doors' legend isn't dead-on accurate, but I think the realism and accuracy were only sacrificed in order to make a greater visceral and artistic impact, which I believe is something Jim Morrison might have understood. The whole point of this movie is to revel in its excesses, and on that point, the movie scores everytime. And remember that this is the story as filtered through Stone's own perception, not a docudrama. Kudos to Val Kilmer, whose portrayal of Jim Morrison was just as uncanny as I'd heard. (Where's his Oscar?) I really dug this movie, even as a Doors fan who knows the true history as heard from the band. And if you can experience it as the Bacchanalian epic it's meant to be, and just take in all the sights and sounds, then you'll really dig it, too.
 Val Kilmer's extraordinary portrayl of rock legend Jim Morrison is timeless. The film has progressively become a cult classic because of it's chaotic yet introspective tale concerning The Doors and Morrison's rise as a legend.
 I was not a big fan of "The Doors musical group until I watched this film. I feel Val Kilmer did an incredible performance as Jim Morrison. To learn later that Mr Kilmer actually sang most of the songs in the film himself, blew me away. I feel this film was before it's time. And Mr Kilmer should have been nominated for the performance. They nominated that actor for "Ray and he did not even sing in the movie. I gave this movie 5 stars, for all the incredible acting done in this film especially Val Kilmer & Meg Ryan.
 This is the best rock movie ever made. Oliver Stone is the most talented filmmaker of all time. This is a film he gets less credit for, but it was very personal to him and brilliantly done. First of all, he nails the life of Jim Morrison, the story of The Doors, and the L.A. Scene (1960s) as perfectly as it can be done. It is beyond nostalgoia, it is time travel. As great as Stone's use of Doors songs, scenery, drug use and beautiful, heavily-decorated '60s California girls is, it is Val Kilmer who does this turn its proudest. Kilmer probably gets to the core of a real person as thoroughly and realistically as any actor who ever portrayed actual folks. Next on the agenda, you have to love Frank Whaley as Robbie Krieger and Kyle McLaughlin as a spot on, irritating Ray Manzarek. To those of us who really studied Morrison and The Doors, everything is flawless. The film also conveys the essence of the bar scene, particularly Morrison urinating at Barney's Beanery, which used to be a real rock hangout before it turned into a cafe. The feeling watching  The Doors  switches between a longing for the romance and excitement of the rock life these people led, and revulsion for the drugs and immorality inherent within it. Love my girl! STEVEN TRAVERS AUTHOR OF  BARRY BONDS
 I must say Oliver Stone and his company did a great job of recreating the atmosphere of the late 1960s.The film looks like a sixties movie.Val Kilmer was the perfect choice for the role of Jim Morrison.Though some of it was rather exagerrated,like the scene where the band performs on The Ed Sullivan Show.Ed had forbid Jim to say higher in the song Light My Fire,and Jim said it with an emphasized expression.I've got the actual episode of The Ed Sullivan Show taped.The real Jim did disobeye Ed by saying higher ,but without the emphasized expression.Meg Ryan does a good portrayal of Pamela Courson too.
 What can I say about "The Doors that hasn't been said already. First of all Val Kilmer was so good in this movie that when I hear a Door's song I picture him instead of Jim Morrison. I wished I was born in the 50's so I could have seen The Doors.  Oliver Stone dipicts Morrison as a poet trapped in a rock star's body. The epic rise and fall of the Doors is great but sad at the same time. They had so much more to offer us. Remember people the Doors were only around for 5 years. Until Morrison's untimely death. The rest of the Doors are protrayed as innocent bystanders. John Densmore was pissing me off with his constent whining and crying. Robby Krieger was a cool guy, and Ray Manzarek was supercool. All these guys look like people that could have gone to high school with. The film has a nostaglic feeling to it, almost as if is a dockumentary rather than a film. Every time I see "The Doors it feels as if its the first time.
 I think this is a great movie and Val Kilmer did an AMAZING job, the way he was able to change himself through this movie from a younger jim, to an older one, was unreal. Meg Ryan also great in this. The music, acting, the story was very entertaining, this is certainly one of my favorite movies of all time. Great Job Kilmer!
 I think some of the people who wrote some of these other reviews may have had some pretty high expectations of what the film would accomplish. No, it doesn't definitively depict the life and times of the band. Yes, it focuses  primarily on the self-destruction of James D. Morrison. Yes, it's one-sided  (blame the Coursons for that). So what? Get it for the concert scenes  alone, and Val Kilmer's ininmitable performance as Morrison. I'd recommend  reading  Riders on the Storm  by drummer John Densmore (either  before or after seeing the film) to get an idea of what Oliver Stone was  getting at (and also to appreciate the cameo appearances by the likes of  Patricia Kenealy and Densmore himself as  Last Session Sound  Engineer ). Bets of all, get one of the concert videos and check out  the real deal.
 As a huge Morrison fan, I have to give Oliver Stone credit for being one the major influences. This isn't supposed to portray The Doors accurately-it's Hollywood, not a documentary. It's merely one person's vision with theatrics thrown in for good measure. That being said, if you love absolute and utter chaos (as I do) in rock and roll format, this is a must-see.
 Ok, I don't care what most people say, this movie is probably 75% or more true than what has been said.  Sure there are a lot of inconsistencies (Such as the New Haven Incident being pegged for 1968 when it was 1967) and charachter mistakes (Patricia Keneally was not backstage in Miami..Morrison didn't meet Pam on the street etc..) but for the most part the actual events such as the New Haven Arrest, Miami, The Whiskey, and to some extent Ed Sullivan are depicted fairly accurately (At the very LEAST a little overdramatized).  I also have noticed that Oliver Stone did a lot of consolidation in this movie (Why not? I mean c'mon you can't sum up the entire Doors Legacy with a 2 hour movie!)but he did it for the most part accurately.  Before passing judgement on this movie read the books (I Highly recommend 'Riders On The Storm' by John Densmore, 'Jim Morrison
 Along with The Crow, and Fight Club, this film would stand as one of my all time favourites. I have read many a novel on Jim, and own all of his albums, hence I could be a little biased on the actual filming merit of the  movie, however to me, it is a striking portrayal of perhaps one of the most  chrismatic and interesting artists of history. One of the main themes of  the movie, and something that remains unknown to many of the band fans, is  that Jim was really a poet (seen by his great spoken album American  Prayer), not a rockstar, and this is a contributing factor to his eventual  downfall, his need to play the part of a singer. This film can be  confrontingly vivid and somewhat shocking, and although it does contain  several untruths regarding the events that surrounded Jim, I believe it is  an excellent portrayal of his personality. Many would disagree, however few  could argue that the those that hate Jim and the Doors with a passion,  after seeing this film, would be slightly entrigued about Jim Morrison.
 The Doors is with out a shadow of a doubt the greatest rock and roll film ever made! It tells perfectly what the late-great Jim Morrison went through and how he lived. This goes into the music and the L.A. scene in the late 1960's. Everything you ever heard about The Doors or Jim Morrison comes across in this movie. The Plot is very east to understand. You find yourself felling bad for Jim because of all the stuff he put himself through, but you also feel bad for the Band because Jim made it to wear Robby, John, and Ray couldnt play their music live because of Jims on stage anticks. I found my self hating Jims wife because if he wouldnt have met her he woulndt have done half of the stuff he did, so was really a bad influence. This is a whats gonna happen next film, and Val Kilmer pulls of the roll flawlessly
 Val Kilmer gives a stunning performance. This movie is about how the rock group The Doors came to be. It is mostly told looking through the usually intoxicated and drugged up frontman, Jim Morrison's eyes. You are drawn into his confusing world and see his visions. The casting is incredible. I have never known much about The Doors, but after seeing clips of the real Morrison on the second disk, you realize how well casted Val Kilmer was. Kilmer even sang the songs in the movie. A story that director Oliver Stone tells is how Kilmer challenged him to listen to a recording of him as Jim Morrison and a few songs of Morrison himself and try to guess who was singing which songs. Stone could not tell the difference! The whole band was well cast. Cast interviews and deleted scences are found on the second disk. Oliver Stone did a fine job. I really don't know how else one could tell such a tale or get you to share the high quite like Stone. But Kilmer's work alone warranted a 5 star rating for this movie.
 I think this is a great movie. They did a pretty great job with the sound and everything. One thing i didnt like was that some of the opinions in this nivie were different from life. For instance, when the doors appeared on cbs, they were asked not to sing the line  girl we couldnt get much higher". As most know, Jim sung it anyway, but it was an accident. Stone made it appear as it was on purpose. Also that one of the other members was made to look like he hated Jim, ehich was not true
 My son got me this for last christmas, I already had the vhs version, but this 2 disk set is even better. The interviews with everyone and learning alot more about the movie and everyone who participated in it, and what they really had to say about it, just blew my mind.  Still a GREAT movie, Great cast, VAL &amp; MEG awesome job!!! No one could of pulled off playing jim, not like you did! This movie is not only entertaining, the music is awesome, as well as the acting. Any doors fan, will love this, true or not, the movie is awesome!
 Oliver Stone an ex Vietnam combatant, a Doors music fan, made an estrordinary work , a great vision of the sixtiees and Jim Morrison's life, great preformes, a worthy Doors movie. Not recomended meet the doors with this movie, is only the vision of a fan.
 I loved this movie. Val Kilmer played a killer Jim Morrison...very impressive. Almost true to life. There were some slow parts but all in all this is a great movie!!
 Bob Hope was essentially the official Presidential comedian for generations - and this DVD is a great look back at his good-spirited ribbing of many administrations.  It shows how political humor can be funny without being devisive.
 When you've had enough Heads Up 7-UP and you're 5 minutes early to go to lunch or to leave at the end of the day just pop in Schoolhouse Rocks! I use the DVD when we finish a lesson a little early and there is not enough time to start another one.  It's kind of funny when the kids (2nd grade) randomly break into song on the way out of the building in the afternoon... The favorites this year were 3 is a Magic Number, The Preamble, My Hero Zero, and in the last weeks of school Conjunction Junction
 My kids in Kindergarten and 2nd Grade  love the video.  They are already humming the tunes.  It is a good idea to start them early!
 I bought this several years ago for my sister at Christmas, and heard it was fine.  But just reading the list of videos that are on this tape, I see them flash right before my eyes. Therefore, I feel perfectly qualified to review this product for you.  I don't quite know what I would have done without Schoolhouse Rock.  Well, maybe not Grammar Rock, although those were some of my favorites ("Conjunction Junction, what's your function?").  But I know that when I come up against a problem in my adult life that forces me to multiply an odd combination,  like 13 and 7, I immediately go back to a skater telling me "Now here's a chance to brush up on your new math tricks, 'cause 8 times 12 is the same as 10 times 8 plus 2 times 8...80 plus 16, 96!  And when the MSM has me totally discombobulated about what's happening with the law that was supposed to be passed last year about the Hossenpfeffers not killing off the Bellywhackers, suddenly I find myself singing to myself "I'm just a bill, yes I'm only a bill... and I remember the process.  And how long it can take!  (Now, you have to understand, teachers for babyboomers took special classes on how to make history and civics as boring as possible.  So Schoolhouse Rock and Little House on the Prairie were our only exposure to what our past was like.  Accurate or not.)  These videos are timeless.  All kids can benefit from learning about multiplication and grammar.  All kids in the US can benefit from learning about incidents in history such as when women got the vote ("Oh we were sufferin', until suffer-age!") and the signing of the Declaration of Independence; as well as how our tripartate system of government works. Whether you buy "The Best of Schoolhouse Rock!-30th Anniversary Ed. for your kids, or just to reminisce, I think you will enjoy it.
 I had a friend that I used to work with who was from India and was trying to get her citizenship.  As a requirement she was to recite the Preamble.  At that time Schoolhouse Rock wasn't on any longer and the tapes had not come out. (Early to mid-ninties.)  I was wishing that SHR was available to her. I told her all about it and was singing the Preamble to her ala SHR.  I don't know how much it helped her but it sure made me feel good.  She passed with flying colors!  I've lost touch with her but if I ever hear from her again, she's getting a copy as a gift.  This is Innovation at it's best as far as education is concerned.  People in the early 50's used to say "Nothing good can come from Rock and Roll".  Well some of the great minds that are running this country and the younger ones out there now can probably sing every single word of "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here!  and put it to good use.  "HAIL, HAIL ROCK & ROLL! I could not believe they finally released this gem on DVD.  Schoolhouse Rock was the greatest thing ever to happen to Saturday mornings.  I do not think there is any child born after 1970 who did not learn from this.  Very rare is the product that educates+entertains at the same time.  I learned about our country's beginning through "No More King"+"Shot heard round the World"+the Solar System from "Interplanet Janet".  My personal favorites are "Preamble"+"Interjections".  Along with Sesame Street+Mr.Rogers this was probably the most influential program for my Genereation.  Parents of today have been given a great gift for thier own children.  Schoolhouse Rock Rocks!!!
 My daughter is very bright but had trouble learning her multiplication tables. I tried everything, including hiring a tutor, but she still had trouble and was sad and frustrated. After a while I remembered that back in the 70s I had learned the multiplication tables myself on Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock! I was so excited to learn that there was a DVD available featuring the same excellent songs I had learned from as a child. Multiplication Rock did the trick! My daughter learned the multiplication tables backwards and forwards by watching the DVD every day for about a month, and I didn't have to nag her to study!
 ...and we're so happy! This DVD is a lot of fun.  Being a 30 something myself, I grew up watching these on Saturday mornings.  It's fun to review them now and to watch my son enjoying them as well.  It's great family fun and education!
 Great. A little difficult to navigate the selections to get to the title you want, but nostalgic and fun...
 Too many of our youth in high school haven't heard of anything on this CD. If something works don't fix it. This has been the greatest way to explain anything from a Senate bill to an adjective.
 We love Schoolhouse Rock.  I have a 7 year old, a 5 year old and a 2 year old and we all love to sing along to the educational songs.  It has opened conversation between the big girls and me about parts of speech, math and American history.  We love it!
 I bought this set because it reminded me of my childhood. I played it for my kids and they loved it as much as I did. The animation isn't as crystal clear as what is produced today, but it's fun and lively and educational.  And if you aren't careful, you'll be humming parts of it all day long at work....  "Interplanet Janet, she's a galaxy girl.... i enjoyed watching these fun and entertaining cartoons. brought back so many memories. i bought this for my granddaughter. she will enjoy it as much as i did growing up and as an adult also!
 I grew up with these as a kid and now I can share ALL of them with my children.  Some clips are a little dated but on the whole this is more fun than I even remembered.  In the age of Sponge Bob and Bratz it is nice to see that children can be engaged by even complicated concepts if they are delivered in clever and imaginative ways.  You'll be humming the songs for days.
 This is a great DVD to enhance your child's understanding of concepts learned at school.  However, I don't recommend sitting down and watching it all the way through like a regular movie.  Not knowing this, we sat down to watch the 'movie' after receiving the DVD.  After several 'lessons', we felt a bit bombarded!  It would be much better to only watch 2 or 3 target lessons,discussing concepts during or after.
 I bought this for my 4 year old son and the whole family loves it.  We watch it together and sing the songs.  My son has several favorites that we actually enjoy watching over and over.  It brings back all kinds of childhood memories for me and my husband.  You have to actually stop and read the options in the menu.  You can "play all", its called "the whole enchilada".  You can also play all the top 10, you just have to choose each from the juke box.  We usually choose the whole enchilada, then my son can skip ahead or go back and play his favorites again.  The lessons are in the words, kids just have to stop and pay attention to what they are singing.
 I purchased this for myself when it was released and again for a friend at work. My children love it so much that some of the songs on the DVD are scratched up, so I purchased another one to stay in the wrapper until they are old enough not to scratch it again.  My son is 5 and his favorite songs are "Body Machine and "Electricity but he likes to watch them all.  My daughter is 3 and her favorite is "Conjunction Junction".  This is one of the best entertainers for young children and "Wow! they actually are learning something.  I don't know about any other states, but they are no longer teaching parts of speech here so this is a great tool for teaching those and other school fundamentals. Tell me again why they took this off of television?
 This series of short videos is a great tool for parents to teach their kids various topics, English/Grammar, Math, How our form of Government (should) work, and History.  I remember it well!
 Finally, every one of the Schoolhouse Rock -- as well as a few I don't remember.
 This is a good video for kids.  It worked for me along time ago.  I learned the preamble from this video and to this day if I need to recite the preamble I sing it.  Not only the preamble, you learn spanish, bill to a law, conjunctions.... this video is timeless.  If you have kids get this for them, makes at least the basics for 5 subjects in school easier for them.
 Oh my gosh, does this bring back memories.  I had the VHS tapes for a long time, and when they came out I played them down to shreds. I was so happy to see the DVD edition.  Being in my early 40s, I was just the right age for Schoolhouse Rock, and I remember that sometimes I watched Saturday morning cartoons more for Schoolhouse Rock than the cartoons.  Favs?  Interjections, Adjectives, Interplanet Janet, Figure Eight and my all-time fav
 Awesome collection of all the videos and then some!!!  I use this to assist my teaching in Science, Social Studies and Language Literacy.  The kids remember the catchy tunes that I learned from 30 years ago!!
 Wonderful childhood memories...I remember watching these same stories/songs on Saturday morning and then singing until my family was annoyed enough to ask me to stop! I remember learning "I am just a bill and some of the content actually helped me pass my government class- gotta love that!   I love this DVD and would recommend it highly!
 What a great time I have watching this dvd. I have flashbacks of Saturday morning cartoons.  Anyway, my kids love it and have learned a lot and don't even know they are learning.  I think it is set up great.  You can play them all or you can pick and choose which you would like to watch.  I can go right to the shows without having to go through any advertisements.  My 8 and 5 year olds love it.
 I was teaching an SAT class this summer for high school students at a local college. Too many hours in too few weeks and they were struggling to focus. I needed something that was related to the grammar and numbers we were talking about that would break up the action and give us something to talk about. Schoolhouse Rock fit the bill! "Conjunction Junction", "I'm Just a Bill", "Interjections", and "Three is a Magic Number helped me get through my class while making sure that they were focused enough to learn needed material.  Not all of the newer episodes match the classic status of Grammar Rock, Multiplication Rock, and Science Rock but this collection is still priceless. Only $13.99??? This one is a steal, a rare case of classic television at an affordable price.  10 stars!
 I grew up knowing most songs from Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD really brings back memories.  And more importantly, the lessons that are learned by the end of each song are way cool.  Perhaps I am stuck back in my childhood days; but I am looking forward to sharing this with my 1 1/2 year old daughter.  Each song has a way with sneaking in something educational without the child realizing the true value.  Before you know it, your kid is singing along and saying "Hey! This is taught in school. You know the tunes.  They helped you learned the definition of a noun, the appropriate interjection to use when you're happy, and the process of becoming a bill on Capital Hill!  Wasn't it great being a kid in the late 70's?!  Ah, the good ol' days when WE were kids...!  This collection is on two discs (our family uses the first disc the most, which contains all of the songs).  It has been such a delight singing along and reliving some of the fun moments had while watching Saturday morning cartoons.  The tracks can be played according to topic (history, mathematics, grammar, etc), shuffled, or from top to tail.  There is even an a fun trivia game and puzzle, and a sort of BEHIND THE MUSIC history of Schoolhouse Rock.  Of course, the tunes and animations appeal to today's kids, making this a great gift for child and adult, alike.
 The reason people read a review is usually to help decide whether to buy a product.  don't waste your time, just buy this disk.  it is simply the best collection of musical animated shorts ever created.  the melodies, lyrics and images are so clever, profound and yet enjoyably simple that they will awe you with their beauty.  for those of us who enjoyed schoolhouse rock in our chilhood, every song will spark a fond memory.  for those who haven't had the pleasure (unfortunately, and to the great detriment of the current generation, schoolhouse rock seems to have been shoved aside by such puerile revenue generators as hawking merchandising spinoffs from the latest pop culture garbage trend), you will be amazed at the quality, catchiness and intelligence of these productions. when i got the disk, i picked the american series and was immediately enraptured by "no more kings".  its a beautiful, clever and funny encapsulation of our rebellion from british rule.  kids will love it for the funny scens, adults will appreciate the content, and everyone will like the music.  i couldn't help but marvel how much better it was than the random quicks we've been playing for our child.  and this was only the first song of one of the many different groups!  the series covers grammar (it's still the way i remember parts of speech), multiplication tables, american governmental principles, science and money.  schoolhouse rock won an emmy in 1978 and it probably deserved a few more - it is truly in a class by itself.
 I have been using the School House Rock series for five years in a multi-grade upper elementary class in bush Alaska.  I still hear former students humming the tunes from "Conjuction Junction to "Three is a Magic Number in other classrooms.  This series may appear dated to some but, students in the elementary grades hum right along with the music and will watch the video over and over again.  The Grammar Rock video still teaches the basic parts of speech to students and I am still discovering things about the parts of speech to use in daily language instruction.  The segments are short enough to be used by themselves for mini-lessons.  The only complaint from the students is on the Multiplication Rock video about the number 8.  They think this segment is too slow and boring.  However, they do laugh at 'Mr. Twelve Toes'.  The Science and Social Studies videos in this series still hold the students' attention and provide an entertaining way for students to learn about government and elementary science.  It is a good set to have handy for a rainy day activity.
 I was excited to get the 30th edition of the Schoolhouse Rock songs.  I remembered them fondly from my childhood.  So, I just knew my almost 9 y/o son would love it.  When we first played it, he was less than thrilled.  His first reaction to things is generally like that.  However, he has played the songs numerous times and I often find him dancing around the house while singing them.  An even bigger hit with him are the trivia games on one of the DVDs.  He'll work on those for hours if I let him.  I think learning, for the most part, should be fun.  Schoolhouse Rock fits that bill!
 I also grew up on Schoolhouse Rock.  I was more looking forward to the Schoolhouse Rock segments than the other cartoons!!  My most memorable thought is big number 30, the football player, on "Three is a magic number crashing through the wall.  Now that I have sons of my own, I wanted to get them something educational that will teach them math, science, grammer, and history.  I want them to learn about those things without realizing they were learning and have fun doing it.  Schoolhouse Rock is definitely the way to go!!  Thank God the DVD is finally coming out with all my favorites on one disk.  "A man and a woman had a little baby, yes they did.... I always wondered what happened to the episodes of Schoolhouse Rock.  I remember waking up on a Saturday morning and singing along.  Not really knowing that I was learning.  Schoolhouse Rock has been a great learning exprience for myself and my brother and sister.  Even though I have no children of my own, I bought this product for a friend of mine grandson. He is only two years old, she tells me that he already knows that song to Conjunction Junction.  My all time favorite is The Bill.  That song help me pass the constitution in the eight grade.  I had to remember what the bill was for on the test.  Not to Toot my own horn but I aced the test.  So if anyone who isnt entirely convenced in buying this product.  Do so it will help your children out alot.  And the good thing about it is that they wont even know that they are learning until it is to late.
 My son is 6 and I bought this for him to help him prep for 1st grade. He loves it and watches it every morning before school. He chooses to watch it over Nickelodeon and CN. After he watches one or two videos, we discuss them and later, we sing them. He has already learned heaps of math, grammar and US history. The latter is important because we live in Japan and I'm trying to see that he learns about his "other nation. I also want to see him maintain his English as the school system pours more and more Japanese on him. School House Rock achieves all of these goals and more. The 2 disk set is also well-designed, with alot of extra animations. This is a must-have for any school-aged child, and as a GenX-er I never get tired of watching it, either. Solid, show-quality songs. Engaging, funny animation.
 This DVD was awesome!! The songs are so fun and yet the kids learn a lot.  My son was so excited because he was able to easily pass his math test by humming a few of the songs!!
 "I'm Just a Bill helped me pass my US Government test a year after ABC dropped the series.  I still know the preamble to the US Constitution in truncated form thanks to "We the People. I'm not sure I would have passed the class without SHR swimming in my back brain.
 I ordered this for my neices and nephews, they loved it. Thanks a million. From my understanding my sister said they really enjoyed it. They are going around singing the songs.
 Took me back to the '70's... Saturday mornings on ABC... I have told many people during high school and my working career (and still to this day) that whenever I have to remember the Preamble to the Constitution, I sing from Schoolhouse Rock. I remember having a history exam in H.S. and singing this in my head!  Do you remember The Great American Melting Pot? I'm just a Bill? The suffrage movement? 5,10,15,20,25,30...?  I think that this was one of the best educational vehicles created to teach diverse material to my generation and beyond. My daughter loves it!
 I bought this for my kids seeing how they have no other cartoons like this anymore.  This brought back memories of my own childhood.  Would recommend this for any parent with kids.
 This DVD covers a lot of subjects that kids actually learn in school. This is more for 1st to 5th grade. Its very informative so do not expect you can watch everything in one sitting. I just wish they can do more updates and cover a lot more subjects. This is worth it!
 Just what I wanted watched it with my daughter and she is already singing the songs I am sure she will learn from this dvd
 My husband and I were given this set as a gift when our sons were 4 and 2, and I think we have had more fun with it than the kids have. I remember watching these growing up in the 80s and it's amazing how many things I learned that stuck with me through the years. We love every minute spent watching these. My kids are starting to watch them and ask about the things they're learning. Good stuff!
 This is the best set of short educational cartoons ever made. I've never seen a child not be memorized by them.  Buy this
 I loved these songs as a kid, and now my 6-year-old is singing them.  These songs make learning grammar so much fun.
 As a member of Generation X that remembers growing up watching Schoolhouse Rock on TV back in the early 1980's, I was ecstatic to be able to get my hands on this set to be able to share these classic segments with my own children.  Admittedly, the animation in these pieces tend to be rather simplistic, and a bit of the animation is reused in them, the catchiness of many of these songs more than make up for this.  Besides, the simplistic animation is what gives these segments their distinctiveness uniqueness.  The first disc contains all 46 segments that were produced (which include both the segments produced in Schoolhouse Rock's original run, and the newer segments that were produced when Schoolhouse Rock returned to television in 1994).  It also includes the song "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College, which was a new song when this set was released in 2002.  This disc also has a play all feature, a shuffle all feature, and a top ten jukebox (the top ten jukebox includes "Conjunction Junction, "I'm Just A Bill, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here!, "Electricity, Electricity, "Interjections!, "The Preamble, "Three Is A Magic Number, "Interplanet Janet, "A Noun Is A Person, Place Or Thing, and "The Shot Heard 'Round The World").  The second disc contains a lot of bonus material.  There is the long-lost song, "The Weather Song, three of the "Scooter Computer And Mr. Chips segments, a behind-the-scenes of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College, a top twenty countdown, four music videos by contemporary artists, and Emmy Awards featurette, the Nike commercial that features "Three Is A Magic Number, audio commentaries, and another copy of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College.  In addition to these features, there is the "Earn Your Diploma trivia game (where the user answers questions pertaining to the topics covered in the Schoolhouse Rock segments) amd arrange-a-song puzzles.  For the puzzles, there is an easy puzzle, and medium puzzle, and a hard puzzle.  For each puzzle, the viewer watches a short clip of a segment.  After it airs, there are screen shots put on the screen.  You select each one to hear the audio that goes with it, and you have to arrange the screen shots in the right order.  Overall, I'm very happy with this DVD release, and my kids really enjoy the songs.  My youngest, who can be rather squirmy, has been known to put the first disc in and watch all of the songs on shuffle play and sitting still the whole time.  I would really recommend this DVD release to parents, because kids really seem to get an enjoyment out of these songs and segments.  I would even recommend this set to members of Generation X who don't have children to have in their collection for the sake of nostalgia.  I wrote this review after watching a copy of this DVD that my husband and I purchased.
 I ENJOYED SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK growing up.  I still remember the songs today at 43!  I thought the catchy tunes would help her with multiplication.  She has been listening to the whole thing over and over.  I enjoy revisiting the songs too.  This is a great tool to add to your arsenal to make learning fun.
 This DVD is in excellent condition and my children love it, not to mention the memories it brings back.  Schoolhouse Rock should still be run on regular TV.
 I'm so Happy that they were able to get all of the School House Rock Series on One DVD. Hooray for Technology! School House Rock is a gem. If you have children, of your own, I strongly suggest sharing this with them or, if you're a big kid like myself, get the DVD for yourself and stroll down memory lane!
 I remembered plenty of these great songs, but there are some newer ones too.  They are just as engaging as I remember.  Fun, catchy tunes entertain all ages.  My young boys loved them as much as I do.  You'll hear engaging favorites like Three is a Magic Number, Conjunction Junction and Interjections!.  I highly recommend it.
 I couldn't believe that this one inexpensive disc could have all of the videos from all of the areas. I stand corrected. It's all there, though the menu is a little wierd. Good buy!
 It has all the episodes and the kids are just mesmerized just like i used to be.  I especially like the math songs and to be able to put subtitles on is priceless.
 I remember these shows from my childhood. I bought this for my son who was having problems in math.  Now we BOTH sing the songs about math, etc.  Our favorite
 My wife and I ordered this for our kids, who loved it.  My 3-year old has been singing "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs here... for a month now.  My older kids also enjoyed it, and have played this video repeatedly.  If the story ended there, I'd give it 3 stars.  I hope my kids don't read this, but my wife and I had a blast opening up a Ben and Jerry's one night and throwing in this video.  I can't believe how many of these we remember!  3 stars for the kids liking it, plus 2 more for the walk down memory lane for my wife and I.
 Wow! I love this DVD. It brought back so many memories for me when I used to see it on tv and now I can share it with my children.  It's a great and fun way to learn.  I was surprised to see how many songs I remembered.
 This is a great! If you watch this with your kids it can really help them get interested in learning about things that otherwise would be really BORING! But even after they know the songs you will still have to explain to them what they are singing. It is a Great learning tool!
 When I was a kid School House Rock was a Saturday morning staple. Its how I learned my X tables, how a bill becomes a law, etc. When my kids were young I bought the series on video (3 or 4 videos) and they wore them out. This year, I decided to buy it for my nephews (ages 3 & 5). On Christmas Eve I asked my 18 yo daughter to wrap it up for me...before she wrapped it though she opened it up and watched the whole dvd  set with her boyfriend. She said it brought back memories! If I'd known she would get so excited over it I would have given her one for Christmas too. LOL!  Anyway, School House Rock is a must for all children. Its great entertainment and a teaching tool that they will love to watch over and over, guaranteed.
 This DVD is phenomenal. My sons love it. They used to play Schoolhouse Rock on ABC every Saturday morning in between the Saturday morning cartoons. As a kid, ABC educated us without us knowing it. The basic rules of grammar, math and U.S. history that I learned from Schoolhouse Rock, I was able to use in school. Children nowadays need more of this and less violence. Schoolhouse Rock can be incorporated in elementary school education.
 School House Rock is classic.  It teaches some basics in grammar, math, history, government, etc (all in a catchy way that kids grab on to).  These "commercials were one of the few ways I personally enjoyed learning about grammar as a kid. Too bad they don't still air them - or make new ones (especially as many school systems do not seem to think teaching -and enforcing - grammar is all that important).
 I am so happy that you have this product for purchase.  My children are now adults but grew up on "Schoolhouse Rock".  I thought it would be wonderful for my grandchildren to have this product, but never imagined that I would have found it or it was still available.  While looking over the products at Amazon.com on-line, there it was.  My grandchildren also love to read, so purchases from you will be many.  I love your on-line site and the many products you make available to your customers at prices that are affordable.  The way the economy has taken a turn for the worse, your prices and the many sales you have are a blessing to many.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
 Review of School House Rock What a delightful way for children to learn!  Who doesn't learn better when information is put to music.  The multiplication rock section is fantastic, not only because the child can learn through music, but the songs are the kind that stay in your head all day.  My grandson's school uses this DVD to teach every subject.  My son reminds me this was on tape when he was in elementary school, so it has been around for years.  Enjoy!
 These short videos/songs are such teaching tools, and also so entertaining. Why are they not on television anymore? We watched them every Saturday with our cartoons, and memorized every song.  I learned multiplication, grammar, history and science from these! The ONLY way I passed the constitution test in 8th grade was because I knew the preamble and the steps on how a bill becomes a law from watching it on Saturday mornings ;)  Every parent and school should have these - the kids will LOVE them (mine do!) and they will learn so much, and remember it too. I only wish that the Schoolhouse Rock people would have made more and covered more subjects ;)
 Every school should have this dvd. It has math, history, science and grammar. It's entertaining and educational. The children beg to watch a video that is secretly teaching them the things they need to learn. As an educator I believe this video is a dream come true. I only wish Hollywood would be producing more cartoons like this.
 I live overseas. I keep buying this for myself and then I'd give it to a family with young children as a means to assist them with learning English. It is a learning tool and entertaining as well. I like that it has a variety of American subcultures represented throughout the different presentations. I think I'll stock a few extra for gifts to my neighbors.
 I would switch channels as a child to make sure I saw Schoolhouse Rock every time that it was on.  Now I use it in my 3rd grade classroom to reinforce ideas with my students.  They love it!  I had been using the videos that I bought years ago, and I finally broke down and bought the DVD so that I could go straight to the song I needed for the concept I was teaching.  Still great even years later!!  (My students can't believe I watched it as a kid!)
 I remember these songs from childhood and wanted to share them with my children.  The DVD's are great quality and exactly what I wanted!
 The assignment
 These short segments that where done on American History are an excellent tool for teaching concepts about American Government that most people have no understanding.  As a college professor I have used this series to teach my students about the Constitution, principles on how our government works and the history of our country,  Schoolhouse Rock is more relevent today then it was 30 years ago.  The princples it teaches has been lost by many Americans.  My students juniors and seniors at the college leave can not answer basic question about their governmnet and how it works until they are shown Schoolhouse Rock.  I show these programs every semster in order to give my students a sense of how and why things occur in the their countries covernment.  I have gotten other colleaques at the college and high school level to use this series.  One of my colleagues an English teacher loves the vignettes on grammer and punctuation.  This series is no longer a series for children but a teaching aid for all levels of students.
 I bought this dvd for my daughter who is 4 after watching the "I'm just a bill video on Youtube and her asking "Show me again how a bill becomes a law The video is awesome. It keeps both of us entertained while providing accurate information. I would recommend this product to even parents with toddlers, because it is a good tool for get kids thinking about education through fun, catchy songs, and informative education that they can see and hear. A+ for this video, my daughter talks about prepositions, math, science, and history. I am so glad we bought it!
 I love the songs on this cd.  I still remember them from when I was a child and I am using the cd in my classroom, providing a fun easy way for my students to remeber mulitiplication patterns.
 My children were raised with Schoolhouse Rock! and I purchased multiple copies of this video for them -- and a few for some friends.  It's fun to watch "Conjunction Junction and "I'm Just a Bill and sing along..  Everyone loves it..
 Schoolhouse Rock is better now than I remember.  My entire family loves this and I can't believe how much they've learned from it and the best part is they don't know their learning!  Love it!
 It brings back many late 70's Saturday morning memeories for me with songs I remember every word of (like the Preamble cartoon) and ones I only slightly recalled or did not as well (like Conjunction Junction). I also enjoyed the special featurtes and audio commentaries by the SR creators.
 Now I'm loving it all over again with my children.  A great addition to learning at home! The songs will stick in your head for ever, but that's a good thing!
 I purchased this DVD to show to my students during the last few weeks of school. Playing the DVD was like a trip down memory lane. My students laughed as I sang along with some of the songs, but they too were soon singing along. They especially loved the electricity song. This DVD is well worth buying(even if you're not a teacher).
 This DVD helps kids understand grammar, American history, multiplication, science and important things to know about money (saving, borrowing, investing etc.). It also explains a little about the electoral college.  The songs go quickly, but if kids watch it over and over, they will learn the songs by heart and learn the information in it.  I got one for my family and bought some to give to friends and neighbors.
 THIS TAKES ME BACK TO WHEN I WAS A CHILD, & LEARNING MY MATH PLUS READING.  ALSO I WAS VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESPONSE TO MY ORDER.  KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
 I really enjoyed this. Took me back in time and really touched me as well. This was one of the best TV ideas ever concieved and a whole generation learned something from it! This one has all the songs and cartoons along with bonus material including the 4 years of Emmy awards. This one is definately worth it.
 I bought this because I recalled it fondly from my childhood and figured the lessons it taught are still applicable, therefore I might actually (re)learn somethings. I also thought my two-year old might, just might, like bits of it. Was I wrong. He absolutely loves it and is beginning to repeat the lyrics. I strongly recommend this to all.
 This had 4 30'somethings singing along and has gotten my eight year old to really remember something that was difficult - some of the multiplication songs do stick with you.
 Had a great time watching the Grammar Rock DVD at the dentist's office.  ALL of the hygenists came in asking what we were watching (while having my teeth cleaned).  Everyone knew them and told which ones were their favorites (I'm Just a Bill and Conjunction Junction).  My kids are grown so this video was for me.  One of the other ladies at work also bought one.  They are great for nostalgia!  Get them and you can be smarter than a 5th grader!
 my grandsons (ages 6, 7, 11) all enjoy this video.  makes learning fun.
 This DVD is GREAT!!!  I grew up on School House Rock, so I had SO much fun seeing all the shorts again.  My sons (10, 8, 4) loved it too.  I thought they might think it was "lame or outdated but they had as much fun watching it as I did... and I occasionally hear them repeating the catchy tunes.  You can't complain when your kids are enjoying something and learning at the same time.  And how about a refresher course for parents?  Great!
 My husband had this video as a kid and we gave it to my daughter to watch who's 3 years and she loves it!  Since she has been watching it so much and the original VHS tape is so worn we purchased this DVD.  She loves the DVD and it has so much more than the VHS version.  We find her singing the songs and requesting them by name.
 This is a wonderful learning tool for children or anyone who needs a refresher on the basics.  I was already a teenager when Schoolhouse Rock started but whenever I need to recall my grammer I can still hear "Conjunction, junction in my head thirty years later! Now my children are finding it just as useful.  Great tool!
 I learned the preamble of the Constitution when I was young listening to Schoolhouse Rock.  My boys are ages 5 and almost 9 and they are learning about nouns, conjunctions, electricity, history and algebra.  They love the songs and cartoon characters.  Very educational, but very cute!  Wonderfully fun way to learn.
 Although I bought this for the kids - all the adults are watching it too.  A collection of all the School House Rock segments from saturday morning has all of us claiming our name is "Bill and  singing all those catchy tunes we grew up with - and now our kids can too!  Fun and educational - who could ask for anything more!
 What more can I say? As a child of the 70's, I have always loved Schoolhouse Rock. We bought the DVD and the CD when School House Rock Live! came to town last fall, and our two older kids fell in love with it instantly. My 2 year old's favorite song is "Three is a Magic Number", my 3 year old's favorite song is "Conjunction Junction", and they both love to sing and dance to all the rest...we listen to the CD everyday as we drive around and we watch the DVD at least once a week. This is a great buy!
 I admit it, I grew up with these skits.  I love 'em.  Tell me that you don't sing when you try to remember The Preamble...  "We the People in order to form a more perfect union... The DVD is great.  It has all of the old songs and cartoons you remember from Saturday mornings as a kid.  I'm a teacher and I've been using it in my classroom as an extension of lessons.  I'm getting a whole new generation hooked on the songs..."Conjunction junction what's your function? I remember watching these as mini-commercials between different Saturday morning cartoons. Funny how some 30 years later, certain favorites are still in the old brain. I found myself singing along with "Conjunction, Junction and "I'm Just a Bill and going down memory lane as others played. My little ones are just as in love with these as I was at their age ... and it's so much nicer than watching "another DVD". Absolutely recommend this set!!!!
 This brought back an instant childhood flashback. Not only that but my 9 year old twins instantly fell in love with it and now the DVD is required by them once a day. Their Teachers are amazed at how they have taken to it and are ordering their own copies.
 My daughter and I have really enjoyed this DVD.  It is a bit confusing to get to the "play all function, but it is there and will play in order or shuffled.  You can also choose to play all the rocks in a particular category.  Her favorite is Tyrannosaurus Debt which was not even playing when I first watched these as a youngster.  This is an awesome DVD to have when I need 20 minutes to cook dinner or feed the baby and want the older child occupied with "intelligent TV.  Excellent purchase!
 I gave this to my wife, who is a history teacher, for Christmas and we decided to pop it in the DVD player to check it out.  It was amazing, how the memories flooded back.  Everyone in the family recalled their favorite Shoolhouse Rock! song and wouldn't let us take the DVD out until it was played!  Sometimes, more than once.  Even if you remember just one of these songs from your childhood, this DVD is worth every penny.
 We ordered this along with the Electric Slide. The style of learning offered in this DVD is amazing. My children are able to grapple difficult concepts with the simplistic cartoons and creativity offered. Hey, it even helped me understand quite a few things and I'm an adult. 
 I love Schoolhouse Rock...  In the late 70s/early80s--I used to wait for the commercials during Saturday morning cartoons for this...and when I started to watch the Smurfs on NBC--I would switch over to ABC at 9
 Years ago, I used to watch Schoolhouse Rock with my children and recommended it to my students as well. Today, it is entertaining and educating the next generation of our family's youngsters. The Special 30th Anniversary Edition will be a treasure that parents and grandparents can enjoy with the kids. It's money well-spent!
 Ahh! The memories!  Great memories of childhood and some instruction that is timeless.  Good video addressing several areas of basic academic skills and knowledge.
 If you are e member of Generation X and watched Saturday morning cartons, you have surely seen Schoolhouse Rock.  I never realized there were 40+ of these in all.  They are all great and teach math, science, history, grammar and other topics.  You can watch them individually or in their subject groupings.  A master "play all function seems to be missing.  They did a great job transferring the 30 year old animation to DVD.  Everything is very clear.  Great for a youngster discovering these for the first time, or a Generation Xer bringing back memories of Saturday morning cartoons.
 If you are a fan or into nostalgic televisions shows, this dvd hits the mark. Disney took control of this compliation of all the hit Saturday morning cartoon episodes.  So if you were a fan or have 5-12 year old kids, it will give you both something valuable to watch.  I believe this holds kids attention as when I saw it when I was my daughter's age.  If you are an educator, then this product would be an excellent purchase for your school.  It was an excellent investment. My family has enjoyed it very much.  One final thought.  Skip over the many Disney commercials for their products.  Just go to the main menu.  TPW
 I just can't say enough about this DVD...  it takes me back to when I was a kid watching cartoons on Saturday mornings.  I think this is great not only for kids in grade school, but for adults like me who want to watch it for pure enjoyment sake!
 It is wonderful to have all of these on one DVD.  I bought it for me because I love the songs and the animation, but my 6 year old little girl loves to watch them in order.  Her favorite is Interjections.  I couldn't be more proud of her.
 What a blast to the past.  Watching School House Rocks with my kids brings back so many fun childhood memories.  It is fun to learn it all again with my kids!
 I remember watching Schoolhouse Rock when I was a kid. This brings back great memories of learning. I'm so glad I was able to find ALL of them on one disk. Thank you!
 Everyone knows how great Schoolhouse Rock is.  This is my second purchase of the Aniversary Edition.  We used it so much that we wore it out.  These are a must have to keep in the van or car.  We make the most of travel time.  There is definitely a market for Educational DVD's for use in the van! The kids are captive and they do not know they are learning.  Rock and Learn are also a must have!  Please somebody.....keep them coming!
 My 61/2 yr old can now recite her 3's multiplication table, and sing the Preamble!  In fact, that's how I learned the Preamble when I was young!  My 2 1/2 yr old requests 'Lolly Lolly' and the boy is always asking to watch the conjunction junction 'train' one...  I only wish there were other dvd's out there like Schoolhouse Rock!!
 Where else can you get so much information, education and entertainment for such a great price?  I love it.  After watching it a few times, your kids will start singing about nouns,adjectives, math and of course the preamble to the constitution (that's how I learned it too).  We actually got this a few years ago but the dvd got so scratched up from my kids taking it everywhere.  I had to buy it again, it's worth it!
 This is the third time that I am buying this DVD, because everytime I show it to someone, they remember it, wish that they had it and I end up giving it to them.  (I'm 36 yrs old), as children, we grew up on Schoolhouse Rock and I want my two daughters to enjoy it and learn from it just like I did.  I remember my 9th grade Civics class singing "We the People... while taking a test.  I wish they had more programs like Schoolhouse Rock...our children are truly missing out on the "good old days!!!  Don't be fooled by those who have negative comments about this DVD.  It's worth every penny that they charge for it, if only for the memories alone.
 I only wanted to add that contrary to what one reviewer wrote,this product does have a "play all feature.  It's under the title "The Whole Enchilada".
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, so I really wanted my kid to experience it as well.  This Anniversary edition is fabulous.  My 4 year old doesn't really care about the 2nd 'bonus' DVD, but the 1st DVD has all the School House Rock segments (math, science, grammer, etc..) and he loves it.  Not only is it educational, but 200 minutes of SHR sure helps on those long car trips!
 This collection has proved to be priceless for teaching concepts in the classroom.  To have every song in one CD simplifies my job as an English teacher.  My eighth grade students love it when we start our writing session with one of the catchy jingles!
 When my children were young, they loved School House Rock. We sang Conjunction Junction. They never forgot the important concepts in grammar, math, social studies, and science. I boutght the DVD for my grandchildren, ages 3 to 12) A whole new generation loved School House Rock. What a great gift for grandkids.
 This is a great DVD to own in a collection of family entertainment! It brings back the memories to my Junior High days in the early 70's just watching this on Saturday mornings! About 30 years later it's still entertaining and yet you yearn for more of this! Still educational as well! A+ all the way!
 Still the undisputed king of educational videos.  At 43 years old, I can still remember the words to all these songs.
 I cherish these cartoons from my childhood. I have bought two copies and intend to buy more for family and friends. If you have children these DVDs are a great value. Their educational value makes them priceless. Some songs are better than others, but overall this is just a great concept. My neices, age 5, watches the DVD everyday.
 My 8 yr old and my 11 yr old sat side by side for hours watching the same DVD over and over and over again. What bargain! And what happened? They learned something too; more then they learned from watching SPIDERMAN and Monsters Inc.
 I homeschool both my girls so I bought this video to help my girls have a fun way to learn.  They just love the songs!!!  My six year old runs around singing "Conjunction Junction, what's your function?  My eight year old loves the history videos.  I would recommend this video to everyone, whether you homeschool or not.  It's a great educational video.
 I love this DVD!  I grew up in front of the television with my cup of Captain Crunch and watching Schoolhouse Rock every Saturday morning.  I remember more about basic mathematics, grammar and history from this series than from my elementary school classes.  I can still sing the Preamble to the United States Constitution, "Figure Eight", "Conjunction Junction and "I'm Just a Bill more than 30 years later.  It's a timeless educational classic for those of us who grew up in the '70s and for the generations that have followed!
 I grew up with these vignettes, and couldn't wait to watch the DVD.  While I was thinking back to when I was 8 or 9, I noticed my 4-year old enrapt.  I thought the old-fashioned animation would be less than eye-catching for her.  Instead, I found her mesmerized by the tunes.  How wonderful!  To anyone who remembers watching Saturday cartoon and singing "I'm just a Bill The 30th Anniversary DVD and its companion SCRIPTURE ROCK are constantly spinning at our house, and have been for years. You can't beat the fun educational value of a great catchy song.
 I used to look forward to these shorts more than the cartoon that were aired around them.  These informative shorts were hip and fun for my generation and I dare say still hold up.  This dvd is loaded with extras and great interactive menus (with hidden features, keep your eyes open). It even contains modern artists interpretions of some of these songs (some excellent renditions and fun videos). Do yourself a favor and buy this for the child inside and the children you have now!!
 Revisiting these snippets from my childhood was incredible!  I can remember a time when just seeing "Interjection would mean that I had a great weekend.  Now I can have a good weekend every weekend. I've spent the past three days engrossed in the DVDs.  The animation may be of a lower quality than we've become used to, but the lyrics and music are incredible.  I haven't been able to stop singing "Sufferin' til Suffrage and "Rufus Xavier Sasparilla".  I recieved the DVDs as a gift and a dozen of us sat down (during a party) and watched these wonderful animated gems.  Share them with your kids, your parents, your students, and DEFINITELY your friends.  Entertaining, energetic, and educational (we all need a brush up now and then, don't we?)
 This DVD is great.  To be able to go back and see all of the old School House Rock videos was really cool.  I now have a little girl of my own and I want her to be able to learn grammer, history, math and science in a fun way like I was able to do 30 years ago.  The songs and video hold up as well today as it did 30 years ago and my daughter loves to watch and dance to the music.  I recomend this to all parents and people who just want to walk down memory lane, you'll find your self sing conjunction junction and I'm just a bill in the shower.
 Without a doubt one of the best Saturday morning cartoons even produced and the best way to learn about grammar, history and politics. How many times have you ever found yourself saying "I'm just a Bill or "Conjunction Junction", in most crowds you will get a smile and maybe even a sing along on those crafty and informative tunes. This DVD offers all of the popular songs with special emphasis on what many fans votes were the Top 10. There is also a new song featuring a voter booth named Boothy who sings about the importance of voting. The menus are fun and easy to click through. The only beef I had are the idiotic and unnecessary Disney commercials placed on the disk, you cant skip them easily and they are annoying! Otherwise this is a most welcome addition to my DVD library and will be a prized for some time.
 Back in the 70s, I learned a lot about grammar, math and the Constitution from these short cartoons.  Watching them again after 30 years, they are compact and entertaining miracles, combining catchy tunes with a surprisingly large amount of information.  I plan to give a number of these as Christmas gifts to people with children.  Leave your kids in front of the TV with this DVD, and they will likely surprise you with how fast they pick this stuff up.
 I received this DVD today and can't say enough wonderful things about it.  My 8 year old sat and watched it with me and thought it was so funny (not realizing he was actually learning).  I remember answering test questions with knowledge gained from these songs while I was growing up.  You will find yourself singing along with "Conjunction junction whats your function and "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here".  "It was a hairy bear, it was a scary bear, so I unpacked my adjectives".  They have a brochure inside that has the words to the top 10 songs.  I really appreciate how much I learned and now to have them all together in one DVD to share with my kids!!  What a great Christmas present to give and get!!!!
 When I saw that Schoolhouse Rock was coming out on DVD, I was immediately taken back to 7th grade American History when our teacher asked if anyone knew the Preamble to the Constitution.  I raised my hand and stood up and recited the entire thing.  My teacher was very impressed and said that I had it down perfectly, except that it wasn't actually a song.  That was news to me!  As a mother I thought back on that day and realized the educational value of these little songs that pack so much important information, and I just had to treat my kids to the fun.
 Geez anyone who wants the kids to learn and enjoy it should get this DVD. The shuffle feature will be just like watching ABC on Saturday morning in the 70's. You just didn't know which subject was coming up next. Could be "I'm just a Bill", "Figure Eight or my personal favorite "Interjections". My two year old sings, "And the preamble goes like this...We the people, in order to form a more perfect union.... in her own darling way. My four year old actually knows what a Noun is and why there are fireworks on the fourth of July. This series is the best way to teach many subjects in a way that is known to stick. Music! (and cute cartoons too)
 In this captivating collection of Schoolhouse Rock! you get all the old favorites ranging from My Hero, Zero to Little Twelvetoes.  There are also great grammar numbers like Conjuntion Junction and Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here, as well as mini civics lessons such as I'm Just A Bill and a new one on the electoral college, I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College, which adults could learn a little about as well.  Bob Dorough composed and sang many of the songs, but you also hear Blossom Dearie and The Lemonheads among others.  Of course what makes this collection special is that you have all the animated pieces to go along with the songs, which provided valuable fillers between Saturday morning cartoons all those years ago.  Too bad The Cartoon Channel didn't pick up on these animated classics, instead of Disney, as it would make the viewing experience a little less mind-numbing for children.  So, I bought this collection to fill in the gaps.
 I love Schoolhouse Rock! I own the videos and cannot wait for the DVD. As you can tell, the "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly... song is my favorite, although all of them are great. I actually put them to good use in school; they really do work in teaching kids about basic math, grammar and history. I still fall back on some of the songs for info...even now that I'm an adult...
 My Mom bought my siblings and I this DVD and we absolutely LOVE it.  Every day we watch it, and everyone walks around singing, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, get your adverbs here!!! 
 All the favorites that you remember, plus more - they make learning fun!
 My children grew up with Schoolhouse Rock and now my grandchildren can learn from the same fun and educational songs. I still remember the words to some of the songs.  Don't pass this by it is something you and your children will enjoy and learn from!
 Another generation is now able to enjoy and learn.
 Love it!  It definitely takes me back to my childhood.  I still remember most of the songs.  The best part is my five year old is into it too.  He now knows what adjectives are and we have fun trying to come up with adjectives for all of our outings.  He's great at it.  We also have the cd so he sings along with me in the car.  He's learning a lot and having fun too.
 While I'm sure the core audience for this material is elementary aged, my daughter (age 3) absolutely LOVES Schoolhouse Rock! and has for quite a while.  While the finer points of the material are undoubtedly lost on her (she cannot read, after all) she still gets the gist of much of it and has her favorites.  Besides, the material is at least as interesting as Mazzie, Dora, the Wiggles, etc for a child of this age
 Schoolhouse Rock IS THE BEST!!!  I learned my multiplication ANd how to sing (a little) from watching these mini shows back in the 70"s. This IS, and WILL be a VERY BEST buy for you, ESPECIALLY, if you have small children. Better than Barney, folks!!
 I am so glad I purchased this DVD set! I had been talking about Schoolhouse Rock with my 2 sons, 14&4, and decided to just buy it! We all watched it! My 4 year old is going around singing "Conjunction Junction and so is my 14 year old! I had forgotten what a great teaching tool these were!
 Wanted to use something to help kids at our school with basic grammar. I figured since I remember these from 30 years ago, the kids might remember them too.  They are enjoying them and I am starting to here them sing them in the hall.  They don't even realize they are doing it.
 I really enjoyed watching these when I was a kid, and was so happy to find this Schoolhouse Rock! (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) (2)DVD set at such a great price. Our own children have been watching this and now they are going around the house singing some of the same catchy (but educational) songs that I did when I was little. It's history repeating itself, and I've enjoyed watching this all over again with them. I highly recommend this fun 2 disc set!
 A classic - highly entertaining and educational. I just bought another copy since our son wore our the first one after several years of hard use.
 Saturday Mornings.... Cartoons were on that weren't just half-hour advertisements for toys. Warner Brothers and Hanna-Barbera ruled the airwaves during the morning hours. Sneaking in now and then were live-action classics from Sid and Marty Krofft. And between shows, if you were on the right channel at the right time, were these quirky little musical cartoons. They had catchy tunes, and kept us glued to the TV between shows.  And they educated. They actually taught us things. Things we could use later in school, and throughout life. Basics of grammar, mathematics, history, science, civics and more, all in 3-minute chunks.  Now, Saturdays are cultural wastelands, "educational TV is mostly unheard of outside of PBS (because e/i rules don't apply to cable), and the only cartoons that don't exist solely to sell toys are adult-oriented.  Thankfully, with this DVD set, we can return to the glory days of Saturday Mornings, and share the experience with a new generation. Remember, it's great to learn, 'cause knowledge is power!
 Bought this because I was still singing the songs in my 40s and my daughter had been assigned to watch School House Rocks Conjunctions for homework. They helped her and was fun for both of us.
 They are all here. All the ones you remember from Saturday morning. Still relevant...I loaned it to a friend for her daughter to learn multiplication tables.
 I got this video for my class of first graders.  I remember watching these videos and singing these songs as a kid.  I learned a lot from them and thought my class would too.  I was right!  My class loves the songs about America and watching them has resulted in many discussions about our country's history.  I have also used the grammar songs to introduce concepts to my class and the songs and videos really help them better understand the concepts we are studying.  I would highly recommend this video for use in any classroom.  The songs are short and "catchy and provide a fun and novel way to learn.
 I have to say my 7 1/2 year old LOVES this DVD. She has learned her 3 times tables thanks to 3 is a Magic Number. I remember watching these as a child growing up in the 70's and now thanks to DVD's another generation is getting to enjoy all the awesome shows we got to watch as children. Bravo!
 the product came quickly and was better than expected, the cover was nice and clean, disc play perfectly and the kids are enjoying it already as me and my wife do too.
 school house rock is a great dvd with lot of great songs from Grammar rock, science rock, money rock, multiplication rock, and america rock.
 I loved School House Rock growing up.  It was so neat to see these again. I am almost certain they are all here.  We just received this Friday afternoon, and I popped this in with other cartoon 'oldies' yesterday morning.
 My children love these just as much as my sister and I loved watching them when they used to play them on TV.  They are funny, creative, and educational.  I highly recommend this DVD.
 Awesome product. A perfect addition to my classroom instruction. My students really enjoyed the music with the jingles and the animations. Makes learning fun.
 LOVE THIS STUFF.  GREAT CONDITION!  NOT ONLY CAN I REVISIT THE STUFF I DON'T REMEMBER BUT LISTEN TO SOME GREAT TUNES WITHOUT THE CURSING,ETC... 
 School House Rock is timeless! As a father of 5 children I see ever increasing holes in our education. The students are learning more at a greater pace and earlier in their lives. They truly are receiving a great education. However, I get the sense that some material is grazed over or skipped. School House rock is a fantastic way to give your children (and the adults in your life) reinforcement in the basics of education. Strengthen their educational foundation by putting this DVD in your player and letting it loop when the TV is not in use. The children will hear it, will stop and watch, and will absorb the information. I give this a high recommendation!
 Back when learning was fun and was filled with more information than special effects and crazy antics. All of the songs are here including a new "lost track. Within the menu you can choose an individual video, by group (science, grammar, etc) or click on The Whole Enchilada for it to go through all of them. This is something that is good for either younger children or those who have not been subjected to the barrage of the new tween soap dramas. The information is a bit outdated with references to record players and a computer that most children this generation have never seen, however the jungles are catchy and the core material is there.
 This Video has most of my favorites - Conjunction Junction, I'm just a bill, you know them. It's amazing that in 25 years no one's been able to top them. I wonder how many high school seniors know as much as a kid who watches these videos about history, science, grammar, and math. I prefer DVD, but whatever. My kids watch it all the time. I like it too. The songs are as fun. These clever rhymes are unforgettable, but unlike some annoying kid's songs, you don't really want to forget these.   I really feel like my kids need to be informed about the Bible too, (whatever they choose to believe later), so I have also been thrilled that they made a CD and DVD called Scripture Rock.
 It's all SchoolHouse Rock's fault! It (that's a pronoun) sucked me in as a kid with its great melodies and clever lyrics as I learned everything I ever needed to know in school.  While other kids wondered why I knew so much about the parts of speech or how I knew so much about math OR America, I was setting the curve and ultimately became high school valedictorian.  Then I went to college and earned degrees in both mathematics (master's) and music (bachelor's).   Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon...it's all your fault!   Now that I've been a college mathematics teacher, a high school & middle school band director, and now a senior software engineer, I listen to SchoolHouse Rock while I work and my little baby girl now has SchoolHouse Rock on DVD.  Hopefully, it'll be your fault she has a head start in school also! ;-) Thanks, CLR PS- HEY ABC/DISNEY...WHY DON'T YOU SET ASIDE AT LEAST 30 MINUTES EVERY SATURDAY MORNING FOR A SOLID BLOCK OF SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK??!!  It may not have trading cards to license, but it would be the best thing on TV (again)!
 Just on the strength of the material alone, this DVD is a must-have for parents who grew up with these terrific, educational animations. The great shame is that most people only remember "Conjunction Junction - "3 Is A Magic Number, "A Noun Is A Person Place or Thing, "Interjections! "Ready Or Not, Here I Come and the classic "I'm Just A Bill - if you heard these only once as a child, you'll be surprised at how much you retained. While the animation is very limited, adults and children alike will love watching Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD goes one step further, however
 Super FAST delivery, which was GREAT. My grand kids ages 4. 6. 7. 8. 9.& 13 loved this. Great learning tool. I bought 2, one for home and one for grandma house.
 Amazing how the kids pick up on the songs so quick.  A great learning tool, old school but aswome.  I still sing the songs when I am trying to remember grammar.  And who doesn't love a "bill". I have to say even my teenagers are in the room watching when it is on, which can only help them too.
 Worth every penny. Very educational and a good refresher for all ages. It's rare you buy a dvd and are amazed by how much quality material is on it.. they definitely didn't skimp out on this one. Includes all the original songs and awesome bonus features. Five stars.
 I received the dvd on time, and in mint condition.  Watching this with my kids takes me back to my own childhood.
 Ok great and it also taught me a few things I didn't know or don't remember I love the money segment oh 1000% worth it a must buy for little my motto is they might as well learn while watching tv.
 This DVD includes all of the classic School House Rock clips, plus a little more. Very nostalgic! A great addition to one's DVD library. Also good for home-schooled children.
 I bought this DVD a while back, and I donated it to my local elementary school. I thought they needed a copy of this, and it's great for the kids to watch and learn from.  Even if you don't want this DVD yourself, then buy it anyway, and donate it to your local elementary school. They were happy for my donation. I may even buy a few more of them to hand out.  This DVD sure brings back memories, it is a keepsake, and something for you to enjoy along with your children, and grandchildren.  As old as these songs are, they still are fun to watch.
 If you liked school house rock as a kid, then you will like this dvd and so will your kids/grandkids.  It's fun to watch and reminisce.
 All those videos you remember and sang along to are here - "Conjunction Junction, "I'm Just a Bill and the rest.  When shown on HD, the pixilation shows from its older recorded format, but the sound quality is good.  Show these to your children and grandchildren, and sing along like you used to!
 If you are a child of the 70's or of any age, this DVD is great way to remember your childhood, have fun or learn something new. I think everyone who has children,  grand children, nieces, nephews,  etc can find a way to use this DVD. To tell you how effective these songs are when a friend from grade school was taking a college history course, he had to write down the preamble to the Constitution and half the class was humming the tune in this DVD. Try this DVD and see for yourself.
 I am a language arts teacher and love using this for a fun opening to parts of speech.  Great experience!!
 How cute and how fun it was to watch.  Although I didn't care for the menu setup (especially on how to play each segment), it still didn't take away from the overall good time I had watching them.  I give this seller an A++ for prompt shipping and excellent playing quality of the dvds.  I'd recommend this seller for anyone looking for dvds.
 I bought this set for my grand-daughter in hopes that she would enjoy it as much as I did growing up. Anyone who has ever enjoyed Schoolhouse Rock knows that it is a great educational tool making learning fun! Go School House Rock! 
 Bought this for ourselves and for our son.  We love that it has all the original songs and videos.  If you watch all of them at once it does go on for quite a long time, but it's nice because as we play we can listen to it and then it's still there to watch when we're ready for more down time.  Great nostalgia and our son really loves the music, so we're hoping it will hold his interest long enough for him to start learning some from it, too.  The only thing about this collection is that I don't think we've ever once watched whatever is on the second dvd, we really only wanted it for the original songs anyway so while it's not that big a deal, I do feel it could have been cheaper to have just left that out.
 I've always sang Schoolhouse Rock songs around the house and to find the DVD with all the songs on it was awesome!!  My daughter loves it and it's helping her learn her multiplication as it helped me a zillion years ago!
 Grandchildren love this and want it played over and over. They keep going back to it to help with thier studies.
 I grew up on School House Rock, and I introduced my son to the series when he was much younger.  Now I have some nieces and nephews who are at an age where they can appreciate the knowledge and learn the songs.  It's amazing how fun the series still is!
 I gave this dvd to my brother's son and it remains one of the best presents I ever gave. The cartoon segments accompanied by great music are educational and lots of fun!
 Bought this movie about 3 weeks ago. My child has not stopped wanting to watch it since it arrived. I had been playing the songs on a CD that I burned, and she loved them, learned them extremely fast, so I thought she would love to see them illustrated and put into motion. She knows all of the songs and recites multiplication table and told me yesterday that she loves the "Barter song".  She is 3. I see that this review isn't really even necessary, however I must profess my love for it all the same. Bringing back memories and creating new ones. We are a lucky generation to have such an experience.
 I  purchased this DVD so my daughter could experience a piece of my childhood. She walks around singing the songs and it just melts my heart.  She has learned a lot from the songs too.
 Who doesn't love School House Rock? I bought this as a present for my friend for receiving her teaching credentials and we had so much fun watching it. I know that they were from the 1970s but they are as applicable today as they were when they were originally created and when I used to watch them in the 90s. Personally, if everyone watched these and committed them to memory we would all be well informed citizens. So buy it and enjoy. You will be surprised how much you need to re-learn or what your teachers really should have taught you.
 My students now sing the exact words to the Preamble.  That pretty much sums up my love for this DVD and series!
 My husband is a teacher of middle school English Language Learners.  In the 70s, my own children were singing along with this (conjunction junction; lolly, lolly, lolly...) and their mom couldn't help but sing along too.  Since these concepts are essential, he has found this DVD fun and effective for these youngsters to remember parts of speech.  This 30th Anniversary Special Edition has that and much more, just as remembered.  The extra features are a big plus as well.  You'll love it!
 I COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW  QUICKLY I RECEIVED THIS DVD (2DAYS), THIS IS A CLASSIC THAT EVERY FAMILY SHOULD OWN, I GREW UP WATCHING THESES LESSONS AND STILL USE THEM TODAY WITH MY FAMILY. ITS ONE OF THE BEST INVESTMENTS IV MADE.
 i'm 50 and dropped out of school in the 8th grade. But i know how the US government works and what the Preamble to the United States Constitution is, and all the things that this dvd has on it. and i learned it saturday morning when i was a kid, waiting for the next cartoon to start. if your kid is a straight A student he won't need this. get him boxing lessons he'll probably need them, but if he's a idiot like me this will Help him in his Future when he go's back to school after he joins the Army, gets married and has 4 kids and wakes up one morning and says to him self. "how in the hell am i going to feed this bunch without a education". the info he accidentally learns on this dvd will give him the Confidence to give school 1 more shot, and make it this time. good luck
 I am currently studying to become an elementary school teacher. This movie is the perfect resource which I am certain will help me teach my future students. I have seen already how the interactive and catchy tunes have helped my younger siblings excell. If you buy this movie you will not be disappointed! Thank you Scool House Rock!!!!
 I am so glad to have this in my video collection.  Brought huge smiles to my husband and I (and I'm sure my daughter will appreciate it when she is older).  I loved these little bits of educational songs and fun characters when I was a child, and I'm so happy they are around for me to share with my daughter!
 I bought this for my kids and 2 more for gifts.  All the kids (still) love it!  And of course, it brings back fond memories of my childhood!
 I remember these when they were on TV when I was a kid and years later I can still sing some of those songs from memory. These shorts were always catchy, fun and you learned something.  I'd love to see them back on Saturday morning TV for all kids to experience. The DVD has the segments just as they were. If you loved them back when they aired, you'll enjoy singing along with them them now. And maybe even get a new generation interested.
 I love this product.  My 8 year old son came home from school one day singing songs from School House Rock.  I asked him "where did you learn that?  I told him I used to sing it when I was a kid.  He said his teacher played the DVD at school.  He asked me to get it for him to help him learn his multiplication.  I found the product on Amazon.com and surprised him with it.  It is a great educational tool.  It has all the songs I remember.  He watches it on the DVD player while I am driving.  It is a great way to learn while on the road and at home while relaxing.
 Schoolhouse Rock is an all-time great.  It is educational and fun to sing the songs.  We purchased it for a 6-year old (and ourselves) and she has learned some of the songs after only watching it a few times.  When she actually does learn this material in school, she will already have a jump start!
 This video is an excellent tool for the classroom. We all know that it's easier to learn information when it's put to music. These individual lessons create a friendly learning atmosphere for students to learn important lessons in all core areas. I would highly recommend it to every educator, especially in the elementary levels. It is also great review for middle school and high school students.
 I purchased several DVDs (8-10) of the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) for my nieces and nephews because I had such fond memories of when I was a child and looked forward to Saturday mornings because that's when Schoolhouse Rock came on TV.  My nieces and nephews are thoroughly enjoying the DVDs and whenever they come to visit they bring the DVD with them so that we can enjoy it together.  Its great fun and a wonderful learning tool.  I LOVE IT still at age 48!!!
 Like millions of other kids, I grew up watching these videos. Now I'm using them in the classroom and they're working as well for the students as they worked for me.  I guess classics never go out of style.
 This was a great learning tool for me as a child.  It is frankly the things I remember most.  They are catchy songs which keep kids interested and they don't forget them.  This encompasses all the saturday mornings in one video.  Great price.
 It is always great to see these cartoons I grew up with on a regular basis! I am glad I bought it!
 I grew up on this stuff, and my kids LOVE it. I've used it to enhance their classroom work, as well as teach Cubscouts aspects of American History and Citizenship. A must-buy, especially at $13!
 I ordered this dvd to help my homeschooled son with his multiplication tables.  I watched School House Rock when I was a child, and I watching it again brought back some great memories!  My son has Asperger's Disorder, and he learns best with visual aids and repetition.  Now, if my son gets stuck on a multiplication problem, he sings through the songs he learned on the dvd to help him with the answer!  School House Rock is a great way to help reinforce many areas, from language arts to math.  I highly recommend this dvd!
 I'm always singing the lyrics to some of these to my grandbaby without remembering them correctly.  I played it for her the other night. Her eyes lit up and she giggled as she heard the songs I had attempted to sing.  Now she can watch and listen to them.  What a great time we had.  My son learned these when they were on TV as originals.  This is a great learning tool and I recommend it to everyone with young kids!
 I loved it for my son. I learned from these shows as a child and I hope it does the same for my child.
 We ordered this Schoolhouse Rock series to use in the education of our children.  We remember these when we were children and thought it would be a great series to use for the next generation.  The kids love them and already sig along to some of the songs.
 This is awesome, just like old times, all the great jingles!  I love it
 Our child is much too young to really understand this, but we thought we might as well try to hold her attention with something educational. She doesn't really care about watching any TV and this didn't change that, but it's better than Barney!
 Our 3 and 6 year olds love the videos and have started memorizing some of the songs.  Hopefully, they will remember the grammer rules when writing.  Even my wife and I sometimes sing the songs.  This was well worth the cost.
 I love this CD!  I use it to help my students with their grammar and it makes things a lot of fun! The songs from my youth are fun a wonderful reminder for those who heard them as kids, and wonderful new experience for the younger students.
 loved watching it as a child and love watching them with my kids. They really make learning easy and fun
 The songs I remembered (and loved) are better than I remembered! I'd forgotten several that came back to me as I watched them, and they're great. The newest ones aren't quite as good, but they're not bad and they're pure bonus.  I'm so impressed by how many songs have been included.  The audio/visual quality is great, the selection screens are very nice, and all of this for so little money!  Yay!
 Loved it then, love it now.  I am introducing it to my kids and they really enjoy it...
 This brings back so many memories from when I was a child.  Great for anyone's collection.  My five year old son loves this DVD!
 I am replacing my old VHS tapes, because over the course of 24 years, my kids are STILL watching--and wearing them out!  Simplicity and pure genius at work with our educational system.  No wonder I'm raising a bunch of retro-kids who are surpassing their peers based on BASICS and not "super-curriculums"! "Verb", "Naughty Number Nine", "Interjections", and "Mother Necessity are my favorites, tho' I love em' all!
 I have loved these songs since I was a kid.  They are timeless little songs that are easy to learn and therefore help you remember importants facts such as "a noun is a person, place or thing. From multipication, to english, to history, this is a fun way to learn.
 Has all the classics as well as the later Schoolhouse Rock songs.  The best part is you can custom create a playlist of the classic numbers.  Great dvd!
 This was purchased for a High School Social Studies/ History teacher...the classes had never seen them before. They were learning about the constitution and this fit right in. After class, the hallways were filled with "Singing". This video is not just for those who remember them, or the very young, but for all ages.
 This is so fun for kids and adults.  I use this as a review with GED adult students and with elementary students as an introduction to parts of speech.  We ALL enjoy them!
 It's so nice to be able to show my kids the School House Rock collection - something that I grew up watching and loving.
 I am so happy to have rediscovered these great clips that introduce in a funny and easy way how to learn your numbers and verbs and nouns.  It brought back such a time in my life where things were simple, I LOVE IT AND YOU WILL TOO.
 I forgottedn how much information they used to put in these songs. Buy this item for your kids now because even after 3 decades there still isnt anything better!
 I remember these programs being on tv on Saturday mornings.  As a teacher, I am now using them in my classroom.  The kids love them!
 This video has every song and as a teacher I have gotten to use it multiple times...I teach middle school and the songs are great because they are light and goofy but get the point across.
 A generation of American kids grew up with School House Rock. Now our kids can, too!  Includes everything that you ever saw, plus new stuff, plus a few that were made back then but never released. 2 DVDs plus a nice booklet. Some of the animated songs are better than others, but then again we can't watch "I'm Just a Bill and "Conjunction Junction all day long!  This must be one of the most beloved products on amazon. Out of over five hundred voters, 88 PERCENT give it 5 stars, and 96 PERCENT give it at least 4 stars.
 I grew up watching school house rock. The DVD brought back so many memories. Now I can share these simple lessons with my kids ages 2 and 6. I decided to buy it after seeing the play school House rock live. I'm really glad that I bought it. My son enjoys the option of mild or spicy. Which is watching the songs in order or in random order. I have never see this option on a DVD before.
 Our two-year-old boy is loving this DVD and all the songs.  Cracked us up when he sang, "Conjuction Junction, what's your function?  Hooking up words and frozen waffles...  Buy it - you won't be disappointed.  Only thing that could be better is the DVD navigation.
 I love this DVD set.  It takes me back to my Saturday mornings as a kid, singing along at the top of my lungs!  LOL  My husband is in love all over again as well.  Now with our 3 yr old we are creating new memories.  There are days when we are driving and he starts singing "Conjuntion, Juntion, what's your function  I love it!  What a great feeling!
 Like a lot of reviewers I had seen the SHR clips when my kids were little. Now that I keep one of my grandchildren fulltime I was looking for something to teach Math, History, Science, Grammar etc. in a fun manner. This DVD has a little bit of everything. Another reviewer had mentioned instead of having the kids listen to nursery rhymes let them hear SHR. Made sense to me. The fact that so many reviewers recall how remembering these catchy tunes helped them during stressful tests made me interested enough to purchase this DVD. Plus it's a great value with 2 DVDs, and ALL 46 songs! I enjoy the DVD as much as my little toddler does. I'm sure she will have even more appreciation of the wit and educational value of this video as she gets older. The Playlist feature is great! I love the options you are given in using this DVD. The only complaint I have is the over the top number of Disney promos at the beginning. I can see having one preview, but the number they place at the beginning is unnecessary, stupid and annoying.
 This is a good dvd set to not only remember the good times of childhood, but to teach your grandchildren about grammer and math etc. I'm watching it now and I remember The Preamble Song. I seen it when I was about 7 but when I took the constitution test in 8th grade and had to write The Preamble, I remembered the song and got an A+ on the test. This set is for everyone.
 This is great.  So many memories for me and new adventures for my daughter.
 This edition has both grammar and science.  I like being able to use the specific topic easily.
 As a reviewer, I cannot add more to the long and very excellent discussion of the "Schoolhouse Rock cartoons.  As a teacher, however, I can say that not only are these little gems entirely appropriate to the classroom, but a wonderful vehicle still for teaching the "basics of language, the parts of speech, and the workings of government.  I would strongly recommend them.
 Seems there is a whole mass of people, now in their late thirties and forties, who can recite school house rock verbatim and sound well-educated. I'd never heard of it, but was impressed to hear my husband sing "Conjunction Junction, What's Your Function? and the preambles of the U. S. Constitution. Kids should listen to "School House Rock in their classrooms as well as at home, I'm so impressed
 I'm very satisfied.  I use this to help introduce topics in my 5th grade classroom.  The kids love it.  Still relevant after all these years.
 I grew up with School House Rock and simply loved it.  I recently purchased the Special 30th Anniversay Edition for my grandson so he could enjoy it too.  He loves it just as much as I did, and as I still do!  We've watched and enjoyed it together.
 I teach fourth grade and bought this product to use in my classroom. The students love it. They are now requesting to hear different songs. They think they are just being able to watch a movie but I have seen a spike in quiz scores since I started showing these three minute miracles.
 My grandson loves this video . . . he beggs to watch it and is learning so much so fast!
 I grew up with Schoolhouse Rock!  I am so delighted that I get to share all of these great videos with my daugher.  We both LOVE them!!!
 Product just as I remembered as a Saturday morning cartoon loving kid! But...it's even better with added features and new songs. Very helpful teaching my child the preamble.
 This DVD set is great for memorization. Kids want to do extra school with this product everyday.
 It is foolish to not use these brilliant videos now. These videos teach about more than grammer..they teach about the economy, using energy resourses, and many lessons we got as kids. In song form no less..  Mabye we should remember what a valuable resource this is, and its FUN for them. The songs are catchy and stick in your head..even after over ten years I still know all of the words and lessons taught. I play these for my kids all of the time.
 I didn't watch this at all when I was a kid.  I think it started just at the age I stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons.  So, I got it as an adult and watched it.  What fun!  Soon my kids will be watching them too I hope.
 I loved these as a kid. Now my kids love them. I still love them!!!!!
 Even today's generation of kids loves this collection!  Educational and fun! These productions have stood the test of time and our 8 year old, along with us, loves 'em! This will not disappoint!
 Love School House Rock. My kids (almost 4 and almost 6) enjoy the entire disc. I even hear them singing the songs around the house and asking more questions about the things they are learning. Very Cool. Also a great refresher for parents on all the school facts that we have most certainly forgotten along the way.
 This collection has every song they made. It's fun & brings back great memories of childhood Saturday mornings! Fast delivery, O/G product & sealed. I lost my remote, but can still operate manually, so I'm happy!
 I bought this for my grandson's birthday.  They all love to receive DVDs and they'd viewed Schoolhouse Rock videos from the library.  This was even better than they expected.  My daughter loves the way it is set up so you can choose from the various themes.  The children all loved it.  It kept the attention of the two year old and the older children were not only entertained but learned a lot.  This is definitely a five star DVD (and nostalgic for those of us who remember when they were on TV).
 This is an all-time great. I remeber these coming on as commercials whne I was growin up and used them to get me past a few tests all the way up to high school. Now I have gotten it for my children and also bought it for an english teacher in Japan to use with their class. Its a must have.
 Some will watch School House Rock for nostalgia. Some will watch it for education. Some will watch it for kitsch. Many will watch it because they can't get the catchy songs out of their head. No matter your reason, there's a lot to love in these classic cartoons.
 I initially purchase this DVD for my kids, after all these are the same jingles that I listened to growing up and learning about grammar. My kids are enjoying them thoroughly! The surprise for me came, because I never truly realized how many different jingles they had made. I am certain that anyone who is looking for their Saturday morning nostalgic fix will not be disappointed.
 This set has every school house rock video on it. I often pull it out to introduce concepts (conjunctions or taxes) and then follow up with the lesson. No complaints.
 thirty years on, and the bill waiting to be a law is still just as catchy as it was when i first heard it.  only now, it's my kids walking around, singing about the shot heard 'round the world.  and truthfully, i don't know how my parents survived the interjection of lally, or the conjunction junction.  i have a four year old sining the nines, and a three year old quoting parts of the preamble.  yeah, some of this is very dated--the idea of shopping with a check?  elbow room?  the electricity song makes me cringe a bit, but they get the IDEA, in big capital letters.  and the want to hear it again and again and again.  lovin' it.  yay!
 I wanted quality movies for my kids to watch and this really fits the bill
 I love this DVD!  My students love watching, they are younger, and did not get to watch the videos on Saturday mornings like I did as a child.  I have loved remembering my childhood, and I have loved watching my students start to learn in a different way.
 Although I say I bought this video for the kids, I really bought it for me!  I grew up loving these songs and it was a great trip down memory lane watching them.  Although the kids are a little young for the material (2 & 5) They enjoyed the cartoons and the songs.  I figure if they memorize the songs now, math will be easier when the time comes.  They learn better with songs and music at this age.
 Great value for ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos.  My class just loves it when I pop this one in.  After a short video on what our skill is for the day, they almost moan that it is over...they want more!  Perfect condition for a super item.
 My husband says this is his best birthday present ever.  He turned 37 today.
 I loved these videos on Saturdays when I was a kid! Now my kids get to re-discover them. I love this set!
 My 6 year old loves it, my husband loves it, I love it. We watch it together and apart. The cartoons are fun and educational-and this DVD has them all on it! A must buy!
 This video is awesome! All of the educational videos I used to see on TV as a kid! My kids love them just as I did!!
 I remember some of it from TV growing up! It's entertaining and educational, which makes it a "must buy if you have young children. My boys learned a lot from it like science and history, and they still like to watch it every now and then. Some parts are also great for adults!
 I think I bought this just as much for myself as for my five year old daughter.  She absolutely loves it!
 The box was in the original, unopened/brand new condition.  I was very happy with my purchase and with the speedy service I received.  The little one this was purchased for, loves to watch it!
 This complete collection is fun and has an easy to navigate menu.  A great deal for the price.  I'll always remember the Preamble to the Constitution!
 This DVD is great!  All my favorites (as well as others that I had forgotten!) from my favorite Saturday morning snippets that I remember growing up!  I've bought one for each of my nieces/nephews as well as other friends' kids!  These were so fun and valuable to me when I was growing up (you could hear most of the class humming to the Constitution's preamble during a test in High School social studies!) and I hope the music mixed with learning will be valuable to this next generation, too!
 Schoolhouse Rock! is just what every family with small children needs to balance out the learning at home (or in the car!).  I bought several as Christmas gifts, for young and old, as the compilation is as timeless as the art of getting a child to learn what otherwise could be construed as mundane or rote memorization information.  My siblings will appreciate the nostalgia, and I believe my nephews will benefit greatly from what I used to see on Saturdays, between all the "cool shows!
 I was elated to be able to purchase this DVD edition.  As a young child, these were on Saturday mornings between cartoons.  What a shame they have not continued to air these educational clips!  Learning will take place without the child even knowing it.
 my little one has a hard time memorizing some things for school but she loves to sing so this really helped her
 This brought back a lot of fond memories of "watching the commercials in between the cartoons on Saturday morning.  Anyone over 40 should definitely remember them.  I plan on showing them to my grand kids so I can be sure that in today's lackluster education system they will at least have learned AND RETAINED something beneficial.
 Great video! My kids have loved watching it and learning the songs.  They have even begged to take it to school to share with teachers and friends.  This would be a great gift for teachers.
 Brings back a lot of memories.  Has all of the old favorites.  I bought this to help me teach kids about the constitution becuase I remembered those videos from when I was a kid.  Kids still love these videos.
 I bought this for my children. I can say it brought back memories. The product was unscratched, well packaged and the content is what I thought, it is the original deal.
 Schoolhouse rock was a fantastic learning tool when it was first created in the 70s and is just as popular with kids today as it was then!
 I have used the School House Rock DVD with young children and with preservice early childhood teachers.  Music is a powerful medium through which to acquire and retain information.  What's great about this DVD is it has all of the songs created for all of the subject areas.  Everyone loves it.  The children are captivated by the songs and images.  The teachers love recalling how much they enjoyed watching the videos when they were growing up and they can remember the songs as if they heard them just yesterday.  Parents can use this DVD at home and teachers can use it to supplement their instruction.
 Good to have subtitles for all the songs, but it would be best if lyrics of all the songs come with the DVD.
 Me and my mom just love School House Rock. It just brought back so many great memories for her. I think this is a great dvd to help younger children learn about history, math,language,science, and money.
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock - - didn't we all?  My husband and I bought the videos for our son (10 years ago??) and now we wanted the DVD for our daughter.  I have so many favorites on it that I can't help but sing along.  My daughter looks at me, then at the t.v., then back at me... I'm not sure if she's enjoying the segments or enjoying how I sing along!  Pretty soon, she'll be singing along too!  And of course, it is only because of Schoolhouse Rock that I know any of the Preamble to the Constitution...  You too??
 Now doesn't this remind you of those great Saturday morinings a long time ago? Schoolhouse Rock is a classic. When I first ordered this, I convinced myself that I was getting it for the kids. Well, I think I've watched it more than they have! Great songs, cute cartoons, and it has that nostalgic appeal that the 30+ generation will appreciate. Excellent DVD for the young, and uhhhhh, the old. Lol!  DJ Come of Age
 Have always loved schoolhouse Rock, and now I have every episode on one DVD!  Who could ask for anything more!
 I bought this video for my sons because these songs had a great effect on my schooling. I was hooked from "Conjunction Junction and never stopped being a fan.  We like to play this DVD in the mornings, selecting the "spicy version, which plays the songs in random order. Our children watch it as they have breakfast.  This makes me happy for two reasons
 I jumped at the chance to have these classics for my very own and it totally exceeded my expectations!  Anytime my kids hear me say, "I used to watch this when I was young!", they usually pass on watching it.  Not this time.  After the first 15 seconds they were GLUED to the television.  Also, I'm able to play the dvd's on our computer so they can just sit and hear the songs while they play.  They're reviewing their Math, English and History facts AND they're enjoying it!
 Wow this brought back those saturday morning at mom's house. I'm glad i purchased this dvd.
 Let's put it this way - I learned more from School House Rocks than I did from grammar school, way more. I hummed those tunes throughout my US Gov't class finals in high school - And when I popped this DVD in for my daughter for the first time, I was honestly astounded at how many of these little gems I still knew by heart. I think any child of 70's will agree, no review necessary - School House Rocks rules.
 A few years ago, when I found out that Schoolhouse Rock was out on DVD, I was definitely overjoyed, and to make it even better, it was celebrating its 30th anniversary, so I ordered a copy of it for myself. I remember my years in elementary school (2nd-6th grade, especially), watching Saturday morning cartoons and then seeing a Schoolhouse Rock toon. Anyone who has kids (which I don't) or grew up in the 70s (which I did) needs to have this 2-DVD set because it is wonderful! I love every single thing about this 2-DVD set. I love the fact that it's got all 46 oringinal animated Schoolhouse Rock toons plus the new Schoolhouse Rock toon called "I'm gonna send your vote to college", plus you can play the toons in their seperate categories (grammar rock, america rock, multiplication rock, science rock & money rock) or all of the toons together, either in order or in shuffle play. I also like the top 10 jukebox feature. The bonus features on disc 2 are really amazing, such as the long-lost Schoolhouse Rock toon "The Weather Show", the 3 out of 4 Schoolhouse Rock toon set called "Scooter Computer & Mr. Chips", the top 20 countdown of Schoolhouse Rock toons, the 4 music videos by certain music groups and the Nike commercial set to the tune of "Three is a magic number". The audio commentaries are interesting, but what's really neat are the surround-sound version of "I'm gonna send your vote to college the behind-the-scenes featurette about the making of "I'm gonna send your vote to college", the featurette about the Schoolhouse Rock creators winning 4 Emmy Awards and the 2 interactive games
 Oh, what memories this brought of lazy Saturday mornings spent in front of the TV when I was a kid just watching cartoons...if only I could go back to that time!  Playing these really did remind me of then and brought back the kid in me  
 Great way for students to remember some grammar rules.  Catchy tunes that are timeless.
 We loved this when it was the Saturday morning commercial, and we still can sing the songs today!  My son is learning the preamble and this was a great learning tool!  Brought back good memories!
 My son loves it.  Not only is it entertaining, it is educational even for adults.
 This video seriously takes me back a few years.  My children were surprised when their 40 year old mother could still recite the Preamble and it was because of this video.  Remember when cartoons taught you real life lessons and didn't always involve space aliens?
 How is it that I remember most of these songs?  My 4 year old is now singing the lyrics and learning at the same time.  This is absolutely the best way for her to learn
 This brought me back to childhood, watching Saturday morning cartoons.  I now teach 3rd grade and find it to be a valuable tool to teach the Parts of Speech.  The students love it and know almost all of the songs!  I could not ask for a better tool!
 One day, I saw parents teaching their son and daughter the fundamentals of grammar. The first thing that came to mind was having grown up with School House Rock. The children particularly enjoyed singing along whether it was, "a noun is a person place or thing", "conjunction junction what's your function or "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs in. This comprehensive muscial teaching and learning medium remains most invaluable over thirty years later and still rocks!
 I purchased this to use as an introduction to a conjunction and interjection unit for my 7th graders. They thought it was great! They wrote down the words and have been singing them every since. Even better, all of my students passed the final quiz over the unit and since I teach special needs kids that is a HUGE deal for them!
 I have a school age son that has trouble memorizing his times tables. One day I remembered the ABC School House Rocks shorts that used to play on Saturady mornings when I was a kid. I bought this for my eight year old and he loves it. He goes around the house singing all the songs.
 This is a wonderful collection of songs that educate youth in a fun and interactive way. The songs cover a multitude of lessons from multiplication, history, science, and english, and keep kids' interest. I am so pleased with this dvd, and know it will enhance lessons that my kids learn in school. Even my 5 year old grandson loves singing along, so it will be a breeze when it's time for him to learn his times tables!
 My kids love these videos. It helps them to retain alot of useful knowledge about various subjects.
 I loved watching this on Saturday mornings as a kid. Now my kids have the chance to watch it as well and they love it as well. My five year old is always singing one of the songs. Just by having fun my child is learning math and much more. Not only are my kids having fun My husband and I are also enjoying reliving part of our youth.
 This is actually my SECOND copy of Schoolhouse Rock!  My first was misplaced and I missed it so much I had to get a replacement.  I grew up with the Rocks! and even got extra credit in high school when we had to memorize the preamble...all those people who remember it are probably humming it right now.  To show you how timeless this is my next door neighbor child was having problems with her multiplication of 3's so I broke out "Three is a magic number and she got it right away.  All the Rocks! are here, science, grammar, America and all of them.  The extras are great, a new song and all!  If you remember these you'll love going down memory lane, if you know someone that needs to learn but hates the studying this is also for them, you learn and aren't even aware
 I bought this video for my 3rd grade daughter to help her with Multiplication.  Now my Kindergarten son is learning them with her, along with other subjects.  I am so glad I bought this DVD.  I was concerned it might be a bit dated, but my children don't seem to mind.
 This DVD is wonderful. They took every Schoolhouse Rock song ever made and put it into one DVD, with a couple new songs as well. It's exactly what we grew up with, there was no "remastering or anything that would take away from the original quality of the clips. It's great for adults who like nostalgia and for kids who have trouble remembering the names of the planets or the 8 times tables. A must buy!
 I loved it when I was a kid, and I still remember many of the words (conjunction junction, what's your function...) and now my kids are singing it! I know everyone says that, but I have an 11-year old, a 4 year-old and a 9 year old- who has Autism. All the kids LOVE it, but the 9 year-old is completely smitten- he watches it every day after school. It has done WONDERS for him on his muliplication tables. Because many autistic children are drawn to music, this is a great way to teach without tears. I ordered an extra copy for school, and gave a copy to my friend with a special needs child. WELL WORTH THE $[...] each! I would have paid TWICE that for the 2 DVD sets, which are organized by subject.
 Great dvd set.  All the educational cartoons are clean and bright with flawless sound.  Great special features.  Enjoyable for those of us who grew up with these cartoons and for the new generation.  A very stimulating way to learn.
 I was so glad to find that this is still available. I loved it as a kid and my kids love it too... they've learned a lot from it. It was also worth getting the CD so they can listen to the songs in the car. It's nice to hear your kids sing the Preamble to the Constitution rather than a Hannah Montana lyric!!
 What a good way to step back into childhood 
 For years my wife and I would run down different songs to our two boys from these memorable learning tools. Now they see how great Schoolhouse Rock really was. And though I purchased the DVD back in 2002, and now my sons are almost 21 and 14, the little teaching tunes still stick in their heads. But truth-be-told, my wife and I really purchased Schoolhouse due to our own fond memories.
 What else is there to say, this is agreat classic.  My 3rd grader bleew through Multiplication and Division in two weeks with the help of Multiplication Rock.  The hardest part was getting her not to watch all the other great episodes.
 Excellent product. My children love it. This is a product I enjoyed as a child myself. Very educational. Lots of fun. Fast service. I would definitely make additional purchases from this seller.
 I love watching the Schoolhouse Rock segments with my kids and have seen them learn a lot from watching them.  The songs are timeless and still hold the attention of kids.
 Makes learning fun for kids. Once you learn these songs, you remember what they are teaching for life!
 I bought this video as a lark.  I used it to stick a wake-up needle into my ELA classes and it turned out they loved it!  To my surprise many of my high school students somehow missed seeing these wonderful lessons on TV.  What was to be a teacher to student prank on the last day before spring break turned into a superb student learning experience...  Many were caught singing "Conjunction Junction as they were walking off campus!
 I purchased this dvd for my daughter.  She was having a horrible time in her math class learning multiplication.  After watching the dvd, she likes to do her math homework, she sings the songs to remember the answers. As a third grade student, my teacher had the records of School House Rock.  I loved them and still remember the tunes and remember most of the songs.  Two generations can't be wrong.  I recommend this dvd to everyone with kids or those who still struggle with school.
 I loved it as a kid, and now my toddler is also in love with it. I feel much better about him watching this than most other shows on TV. The songs are so much fun, and there are a lot of good, positive messages in with the educational material.
 If these types of educational products were mainstream today, then kids could read and have fewer troubles with academics.
 I loved to watch these when I was growing up and had Saturday mornings free to just be a kid.  Now I use them in my high school classes to introduce new topics and parts of speech (English Teacher) and my freshmen through seniors love them.  They are still appropriate and fun.  And it breaks up what can seem to be boring (grammar) at times.  I loved that I could get all the snippets in one DVD.  It just makes job that much easier.
 Watching this reminded me just how much those catchy little tunes stuck with me.  I hadn't heard some of them since the mid 1970s but they came back to me instantaneously.  I remember Bill the bill waiting to become law, the nouns, electricity, interjections, and the rest.  The entire concept was unique (though remember in the 1970s the FCC had more control over television content as they do now).  But nowadays television commercial time is far more valuable than actually teaching the kids something.  Without sounding too much liike George Carlin, I do believe the people who control our televisions have no desire to actually educate their viewers.  They just want to sell stuff, crap we don't really need.  But back to the subject at hand.  These are short, simple lessons on how grammer, our government, science, and financial systems work.  They overlook some deatils in some of the segments, but the general point is well made.  I recommend this DVD to anyone with small children or those not so small children who want to relive a piece of their own past.
 If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and watched Saturday morning cartoons, chances are at least ONE, if not several of the "School House Rock songs remain stuck in your memory 'til this very day!  If you only vaguely recall some of these songs, I guarantee that you'll have a HUGE grin on your face when your full memory is triggered! The innocence and simplicity behind the songs and the artwork is remarkable, and are qualities that absolutely do NOT detract from, but instead actually enhance the informational content. These short cartoon music videos are exactly what young impressionable minds of the 70's and early 80's needed!  If you're into 70's and 80's nostalgia, this is a great buy! School House Rock.... rules!  My only complaint is the menu structure on the DVD, which is complex and confusing to navigate. The person who designed the menu should be FIRED!  JM
 How much did we learn from these little snipets on topics from "how a bill becomes a law to "conjunction junction!  ???  Fun to watch with nieces/nephews and let them pick out their favorites!
 Some of these brought back memories, others I had never seen.  Mainly bought this for my wife and she loved it.  The menu was poorly designed and hard to navigate.
 If you grew up in the 70's you know and love SHR.  I showed to my son and he loves it.  He sing the songs and counts out the numbers.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, for education or just for fun.
 Schoolhouse Rock is an outstanding tool to pique the interest of education for the next generation. I purchased the DVD as a gift for my niece and she loves it. In time, now she too can delve even deeper into the various topics touched on/portrayed within this classic educational tool so that she can come to understand the real truth about knowledge is king.
 My husband & I grew up on School House Rock & now our kids love them too!  My kids age 3, 6 & 9 all love to sing along to the great songs!  We especially love to watch them on road trips!  GREAT FAMILY FUN (& they are learning too!!!)
 I cannot express how much I love this DVD.  I received it from my sister for Christmas 2007. We popped the DVD in early that morning and danced and sang around the house for the 4 days that I was in town.  My sister and I had a blast.  Schoolhouse Rock originally aired on ABC in the early 70's in between cartoons on Saturday morning TV.  Although I recognized back then that these were educational cartoons, I only just realized how much knowledge I truly absorbed once I saw the DVD at Christmas.  The rules of grammer that I now spat verbatim when asked a writing question clearly came from what I learned from watching SHR in the 70s.  I'd previously thought I learned these things in school somewhere between elementary education and earning my BA in English.  Apparently, I was wrong.  I would recommend this DVD to everyone; but, especially those who grew up with them or have small children.  The songs and cartoons are timeless.  I agree that the Disney advertisements are annoying but not enough to change my rating of the DVD overall.  As the distributor, it is only natural that Disney would seek to promote their other videos and movies.  Just "fast-forward the DVD.  You'll be in for loads of fun once you finally arrive at the SHR menu and can access Grammer Rock, Multiplication Rock, America Rock, Science Rock and more.
 As a child watching this in elementary school, I remember images from songs and fragmented lyrics still. Recently, I decided to buy this movie for my brother who struggles with practically every subject found on this DVD. As a result of watching it and listening to the lyrics, he has become more aware of the "simple answers these songs describe repeatedly. I would recommend this DVD to all parents/guardians because this DVD is capable of explaining concepts to children in a way that most adults cannot clarify for children.  The concepts applied in the songs allow a child to follow along willingly and easily. Because the songs are catchy, it's easy to begin singing them when you least expect it. This is the ideal gift for children because the characters are easy to relate to and comprehend. Concepts are broken down into the simplest form for children unable to fully grasp certain ideas (like multiples of 8). I don't want to completely credit this DVD with my brother's much improved grades; however, I know it did do wonders for him as a result.
 I got this DVD as a Christmas present for someone.  To me, this collection is possible the best thing ever to share with a young child.  The music is catchy, which makes learning more fun.  When I was younger, I would watch these shorts every Saturday morning, and enjoyed every one of them.  I would recommend getting this to help a young boy or girl get a good head-start in learning - or maybe you can get it yourself just for old-times sake.
 Worth every penny. My son just turned 5 and loves it. The commercialism and marketing of other products on the DVD doesnt bother me. If you just simply go straight to the Menu, you can get to the songs pretty fast. I can also pick and choose which is nice over the VHS versions(of course)! He likes certain songs and likes to go straight to those catagories.
 I used to watch this when I was younger and was glad to see I could buy it for my nieces.  It came quickly and was a great hit as a Christmas present.
 The restoration of the schoolhouse rock series is awesome and one couldn't ask for more!!  Schoolhouse rock continues to educate years later! 
 I watched this show as a kid and I gave it to my kids as a Christmas gift and they loved it.  They will watch it over and over again.
 This was a blast from the past... this video brought back good memories of Saturday morning cartoons...anyone growing up in the '70s will remember School House Rock.  I recommend this tape for memories sake and for future generations... School House Rock is a great learning tool
 A must for ALL children  I have donated many copies to schools, to view when bad weather prevented them from going outside to recess.  EDUCATIONAL ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!
 I enjoyed these songs growing up so I purchased this product to use in a classroom.  The kids love it! It made multiplication go much smoother!
 As a 40 year old, I watched schoolhouse rock every Saturday morning as a kid in the 70's, and at the time did not realize the impact of learning that was to be gained.  I've recently purchased for my nephew and am excited to know that he and his Mom (my sister who watched with me), can watch and sing these together.
 This item was purchased for a 10 year old boy with autism and he loves it. It has been a blast from the past for me because it includes all of the songs from the original schoolhouse rock.
 I love this product.  I remember being in school, and watching these videos.  I am studing to become a teacher, and thought it would be a great addition to my collection.  It is great.  Thank you.  It was in great condition, and arrived so quickly!
 My Children loved it when they were growing up.  Now I bought it for my grandchilren.  They love it too!
 My kids (8,6,3 & 8 months) LOVE this DVD and it's great that they learn as they watch and sing.  It stirs up questions about grammar, math, and U.S. History and I love that they've become curious about learning more about those subjects.  I think it's a subtle but useful teaching tool.  I have played it in the car and then pause it to have great conversations with my kids about what the songs are about.  Plus, it brings me back to happy Saturday mornings gone by, so I love it too.
 What can I say?  School House Rock is the definitive way of getting kids to learn
 We bought this because my husband I were nostalgic and had fun remembering these educational musical animated shorts from our childhood.  My 7 & 9 year old love it, too and have their favorites songs. We don't mind watching a bit of TV when its fun and educational.
 I am using this with my grandson of 41/2 He loves the "my hero, the zero song and has watched it about 25 times he also enjoys the other songs.  He chooses one he likes. And then as we watch that one, he then opens up to watching other ones.  It acts as an intro and gets across basic concepts.  The melodies are good and the animation is fun.  19 mo old even watches it.
 My wife and I got this for our own nostalgia, but our three year old loves it. It's a complete collection and it is very well assembled. I can't imagine anyone over thirty not wanting this in his or her library.
 This DVD brings me back to my younger years of watching these tv shows on saturday mornings and singing all the songs.  Great for anyone who grew up in the 1970's.
 In an effort to describe for our library catalog (I am a school librarian) what all is included in this 2-disc set (in short, everything), I compiled this table of contents that I thought might be helpful to others.  Our teachers and students all love Schoolhouse Rock!  Disc 1
 I grew up with this, and now my 6 year old will have the opportunity to learn as I did. This was a kick to watch, for both of us, from start to finish. This would be a great gift for anyone who grew up in the 70s and 80s, and for their kids. The tune, "I'm only a bill.... is stuck in my head right now!
 If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and ever indulged yourself in Saturday Morning cartoons, you should know and be able to hum Schoolhouse Rock! Now that the set is out, one can look at the DVD and appreciate what we are given. Finally in one place, all of the Schoolhouse Rocks that we know and love, as well as some that we may have forgotten or not loved (I don't remember Money Rock). For the completist, all of the rocks are there, including the newly released "Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips set that are fun, but truly seem dated. You can go to specific titles, or hit the highlights with the Top 10 Jukebox - great for jumping into the CD.  A brand new Schoolhouse Rock is included - "I'm gonna send your vote to college about the Electoral College. It's interesting and in the style of our favorites, but it lacks some of the pizzazz of the originals. I suppose it's very topical after the 2000 election, but I just don't see it having the fun of education that things like "Suffering until Suffrage did.  They could have stopped here with just all 46 original songs, but luckily for us the bonuses are fantastic. Music Videos as an outgrowth of the Schoolhouse Rocks! Rocks CD of artists interpreting their favorite songs. See how much you really remember in the trivia quiz. The inclusion of the Nike commercial featuring "Three is a Magic Number shows how well Rocky entered the popular culture.  A fitting tribute to a great set of work made for the kids, and the kids in all of us. C'mon and sing along - you know the words! "Conjunction Junction, what's your function... This is some great material.  Wow, talk about flooding memories.  My kids absolutely love this stuff.  If there's one gripe I have, it's about the Disney advertising trailers.  The trailers are stuck in the front of the DVD, so they automatically play when the disc is inserted.  It bugged me so much that I disected the DVD and reburned it without the trailers.  The original still sits in it's box.  We're getting a lot of use out of the material, and have even converted all the songs for use on our daughters' iPods.  ABC really hit the mark when they started this.  10 thumbs up for the material, 10 thumbs down for Disney's involvement.
 Anyone over the age of 30 remembers these little ditties from watching cartoons as a kid.  I bought this for my children and found the songs quite cute, as I did when I was a kid.  I can still sing along with many of the songs.
 DVD was in pristine condition.  It actually arrived a couple days ahead of the estimated delivery.  The songs and characterizations were just as I remembered them, excellent.  This has been a wonderful tool for helping my elementary aged children remember the rules of grammar, significant people and important events in history, important science discoveries, etc.  An excellent buy.
 I recently purchased the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition)as a gift for my daughter.  We both teach at a Jr. High School and I couldn't keep my dvd of Schoolhouse Rock in my room, because she was always borrowing it.  Even though the songs seem juvenile to some of our students, they all seem to remember the songs and the information they contain.  This dvd is one of the best teaching tools that I've seen in a long time.
 Every schoolhouse rock song ever made is on here.  It was great!  Still great songs and as educational as ever.  Teachers are still using these songs in their classrooms today and the kids love them!
 I was concerned before I ordered this DVD that it would be hard to find and view individual songs based on what another reviewer had written. As a teacher, this was important to me because I planned to used this DVD to supplement what I was teaching. Although you must go through several menus to find them, you can play just individual songs, or all the songs in one category, such as grammar. It will work perfectly in the classroom and I recommend it to other teachers and parents.
 As I teacher, I simply love these videos as a supplement to grammar, social studies, science, and math.  I teach second grade and several of these songs are perfect for our Arizona curriculum.  The kids love them and I even bought a cd of this for the classroom.
 I am now able to share my love for Schoolhouse Rock with my students in a quick and easy way!
 This is a GREAT colection!!!  I use it in the classroom and the kids love it!!  Anyone who works in an elementary school must have this!
 Awesome video!  It not only reminds me of my youth but is giving my students in third grade the opportunity to experience such a great DVD.
 I learned the preamble to the Constitution by singing along with Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning television.  I also learned things like conjunctions and how a bill becomes a law, and a lot of other things about grammar, science, math, American history, and politics.  Now that means that either I watched too much TV as a kid, or the stuff we watched as kids was really informative and was made so well that it becomes a classic.  Schoolhouse Rock is just such a program.  It was delivered to kids in bite-sized portions that held their attention spans just long enough to get the message across, and the cartoons were so engaging that they probably could have made the segments last twice as long and we still would have been glued to them.  Many in my generation learned quite a bit from Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD is produced in the same style as all the original segments, offering a "jukebox feel along with some novel technology that allows you to create playlists of your favorite episodes, or put them on "shuffle and let it pick them randomly.  You can also choose "The Whole Enchilada, and let it play each and every segment in order.  All of the original segments are on this DVD, as well as a heretofore unreleased segment called "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College which teaches about the electoral system and the punned Electoral College.  My kids absolutely love this DVD, although sometimes they have to pry the remote out of my hands.  It's awesome to see them watch (and actually learn) with the same attention that I paid to it as a kid their age.  And on occasion, I hear one of them singing the preamble to the Constitution, and I just smile, because a timeless program like Schoolhouse Rock can, and will, continue to teach kids for generations to come.
 This is classic stuff indeed!!! 2 discs full of that one of a kind "Schoolhouse Rock"!!! Yeah Baby!!! I'm well in my 30's and still get a kick out of seeing and hearing them again!!!  And my little nephews love it too!!! Schoolhouse Rock was and is still an amazing concept,learning IS fun and hip!!! A KEEPER!!! Great job Disney DVD,keep up the good work!!! Fun for the whole family!!! Hours and hour of fun!!! Classic in every sense of the word!!!
 My 8 yr old daughter just loves this.  She learned the Preamble (to the Constitution) for a school presentation, and she wanted to hear more.  I remember most of the songs from when I was in school, and they are still fun to listen to with my daughter.  They also promote discussions about math, language and history....and family time!
 As a language arts teacher I have used an old video of Grammar Rock for well over 15 years... the tape finally wore out and I invested in this new version.  Everything on the tape is educational so it makes a great filler for days in which you need to come up with a quick educational activity.
 I bought this to have for my son. Although he is only nine months he recognizes the melodies because we have it playing in the background as music. It is amazing that when we cries we just have to sing one of the jingles and he smiles.
 Love, Love, Love.  I remember these when I was growing up.  This is how I learned a lot of things in school.  My daughter loves to watch me and her dad dance around and sing the songs.  Would buy even if I didn't have a child.
 This special expanded edition of "School House Rock", not only brings back great childhood memories of Saturday mornings, but still teaches lessons to children of all ages in catchy tunes that are hard to forget.
 I have to say that this DVD is great!  I remember watching all these School House Rock shows when I was a kid.  I learned So Much from watching all the classic episodes
 Love it love it love it.  I don't know how much of that is because I grew up on it though.  
 Must listen and view for children through adults! My nephew and son both enjoy the songs, the graphics, and are gaining a greater understanding of grammar, math & science
 I remember watching this on Saturday morning cartoons when my son was little and thought how creative and what a good way to teach.  I have now bought this for my grand kids.  I think it will give them a good chance for advancement in school.  Excellent!
 I was the age group for these growing up.  I remember them each Saturday and still know the tune to most.  I just didn't realize how much info they packed into each little song.  As good as I remember.
 MY KIDS LOVED THE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK TAPE, THE PRICE WAS GOOD AND THE SHIPPING WAS FASTER THAN LIGHTNING, GOOD PEOPLE TO BUY FROM!!
 Kids learn the words to songs so easily....why not let them hear something useful?  I remember these songs from my childhood days.
 We sat and watched this DVD for hours...and just loved it!  It's so wonderful to know I have this DVD which has EVERYTHING on it...and we can watch it over and over again whenever we want!  Awesome!
 When I was a kid, School House Rock was a program that we would watch on TV so when I saw that there was a Special 30th Anniversary Limited DVD, I just had to get it for my son.  He really likes the songs and thinks it's cool.  He especially likes the song's "Electricity & "Conjunction Junction".
 As a child, we would watch the Saturday morning cartoons and our favorite part would be the Schoolhouse Rock in between. Never did we think that we would be able to see these little snippets when we were not there on Saturday to see them. I have many things that I learned by their songs, and I enjoy watching my children learn the same way.
 These educational cartoonettes are always fun to watch. This particular DVD has all the lessons I remember as a child. The main menu is super cute, too.
 I enjoyed watching the DVD with my 12 year old daughter and was surprised at how many of the lyrics I remembered from watching them on Saturday mornings in the 70s.  It is a really great way to share some of my childhood with her her in it's original format.
 The kids love watching this video, I purchased the CD for the car as well, and they want to listen to it all the time, even though I'm starting to tire of it.  I remember these when I was a kid and knew my kids would love them just the same.
 I love School House Rock.  I grew up with it on the weekends and remember all the songs!  I've also helped lots of my voice students to prepare for this stage musical.  I totally recommend it for this next generation of children growing up needing to learn.  Learning r=through song is fantastic because you tend to remember better!
 It is a shame that more attention has not brought to this DVD. I am a older person and some of the episodes did get me through my early education. I just hope when I do have a child I can share these DVD's with him or her.
 all the wonderful songs and cartoons that enlightened and amused generations of children; if you have your own kids, have them watch this along with or instead of elmo.
 I loved the School House Rock series when I was growing up in the 70's.  By third grade, I was a whiz at times tables.  I bought this DVD for my daughter.  She's still kind of young, but she loves the songs and the short lengths of each segment are just long enough to keep it interesting.  I'm fully expecting that she will be a math and english whiz as well by the time she reaches elementary school.
 My daughter loves it every bit as well as I did.  I hope it helps her remember stuff like it did me!
 This is a piece of nostalgia I purchased for my 7-year-old.  We've really had fun with it.  And it's all there.
 This DVD brought back so many memories. I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons in the '70s and would look forward to the top of the hour when the next Schoolhouse Rocks segment would play. I memorized them all over time. Later in life, when I couldn't remember a simple math or grammar rule, I would hum the tunes in my head until I got to the part I needed. These songs should be as well known as the ABC song. You just can't put a price on making learning fun.....or.....maybe you can....+ shipping and handling.
 I bought this for my daughter and I found myself singing right along after over 25 years. It's great. Truely an American classic.
 Excellent DvD. My kids love it, they keep watching it over and over again. I used to watch it on TV when I was A kid and I still like it!
 My 4 year old knows his 3 times tables.  He just doesn't know it yet.  I still remembered all of the songs after all these years and it is amazing how much I know because of that fact.  I've bought a copy for all of the children in my extended family and they all love it.  Good educational fun for the entire family.
 Opening and watching the DVD the first time took me back to a time when I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons with a bowl of cereal, hunkered down in front of the tv with the sound turned down really low, because my mom could hear a pin drop onto a cottonball!  It was great, not to mention being able to actually sing along with the lyrics subtitled on the screen.  ABC definitely had a winner with this series!
 this is a wonderful dvd.  I especially love the fact that you can see every song created.  the bonus tape is also a joy to watch  my 4 year old likes it so much he dances and sings to it all day long.
 We love this DVD. I bought it for my grandson to take to school. They played the entire DVD for the class of 5th graders. It is entertaining and a great learning tool. Once you hear these songs a few times you never forget them. I still remember the preamble to the constitution from years ago when my kids were little. A whole new generation of kids can learn and have fun doing it. I highly recommend this.
 This is an awesome learning tool for teaching your children! My 8 year old loves it! He is not a huge fan of "book work type learning. He really enjoys the songs and watching the videos. He sings the songs around the house all the time now! It's been a fun way for him to learn!! I have to admit I sing the songs too and am relearning somethings from grade school that I lost. I highly reccomend it!
 My students have been so inspired to learn more about parts of speech and the science protion that I no longer hear the groans what I ask them to identify they parts of speech of their spelling words. As they are using their multiplication tables and homework I often hear the tunes being hummed for the multiplications rock. Thank you for having this product. It continues to be a great asset for each generations.
 This is probably the best purchase I've ever made towards my childs education.  It takes ME back to Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock as a kid and my 8 year old son who is having issues with his multiplacation tables is starting to FINALLY understand.  I recomend this for anyone with children over the age of 6 months because the animation is so lively and engaging
 My wife is introducing a whole new generation of Teachers to "Conjunction Junction and the other Schoolhouse Rock clips. These are some of the best short teaching tools ever created.  As a Professor of Education responsible for bringing new Teachers into the classroom, this DVD will never grow old.  And our Grandkids love them too!
 My high school students enjoy and remember the social studies Schoolhouse Rock sessions.  I use them as an anticipatory set in my classes.  They are short and to the point -- a good hook for the students to connect additional information.
 My children grew up with school house rock.  Contains all the school house rock CLASSICS.  At work people keep wondering why I say that "My name is Bill - or they start singing with me!  Highly recommended!
 I bought this for my grandchildren, because I remember it from my childhood.  It is great, and they love it.
 It's amazing how much you remember these songs when you haven't heard them is "years  Just purchased this to share with my very young nephew.  Singing along with the songs piqued his interest.  Even though he may not quite know what he's singing about (like in "Three Is A Magic Number") I'm sure when he's learning his multiplication . . . this will come back to him.  Great compilation.  Navigation could have been slightly better.
 Received item promptly - ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos are on there from when I was a kid!! LOVE it!!!
 I grew up watching School House Rock on Saturday mornings and I learned tons of things in doing so.  I can recite the preamble to the US Constitution--can you?  
 WE WERE VERY PLEASE TO EVEN FINE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK.    VERY MUCH PLEASED. THANK YOU.
 if you grew up watching these - get them - they're cheeper than therapy
 I loved these cartoons on Saturday mornings as a kid, and now that I am grown and teach high school, I'm introducing a new generation to them.  Last year I had a tough 9th grade boy who sang, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here every time he came into my room for the rest of the year!  They are a very accessible way to teach kids great information.
 I had forgotten how wonderful Schoolhouse Rock was until I received this DVD!  It was highly rated, and my niece (of whom I have custody) is struggling with her math facts for school, so we purchased it.  The songs are catchy, and she has shown improvement.  The great thing is that the DVD contains ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock songs, so this one purchase has covered many bases.  I'm thinking about ordering another one to show in my high school classroom to reinforce some of the concepts my students have learned.  The only drawback is that the DVD appears to be poorly read by my DVD player and can have a jumpy picture at times.
 All three of my children (ages 3,4,6) enjoy these two DVD's so much.  We have had a great time watching them.  Everyone is learning from them.  And our friends are enjoying the walk down memory lane.
 My husband and I grew up watching Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday mornings.  We wanted something entertaining and educational for our children to watch...something that would make learning new things fun.  Guess what--our children love it!
 Great Disc...Chocked full of great Entertainment for the Kids...over and over and over.
 I grew up listening to Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning cartoons.  It's just like I remembered it, only better, because now my children are learning Grammar, History, Science and Math through a fun outlet that they BEG for!  An interview with one of the show's creators said that they visited a college campus where they were startled when students told them that they defined a generation, and I think it's true.  How many of us were able to remember nouns, adjectives or our 3's times tables beacuse of these songs?  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product and believe that a new generation stands to benefit from the creative genius behind its development.
 One of my childhood favorite Saturday morning cartoon bits on ABC. Classic song numbers that taught us in a really cool way.  Top 4 Songs For Me
 I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock back in the 70s. I had to get this DVD and it still rocks! My childrens' teachers ask to borrow it often. I know it got me and a few classmates to pass the Preamble test...sure we sang it but we passed.  I like the option to see all of the songs in order (mild) or shuffled up (spicy). This makes learning fun for kids. We are very happy with this DVD. Plays great, cool songs, and the kids love it.
 As far as service, I recieved the movie quite prompt. And the way I ordered online. Thank you.
 This schoolhouse Rock is awesome!  The catchy toons remind me of Saturday mornings as a kid.  My daughter was a little hesitant initially, but soon jumped in dancing and singing.  I am looking forward to the learnings she will gleen from the programs.
 As a Civics teacher, this is one of the best additions to my classroom that I've made yet.
 I grew up watching these spots during Saturday morning cartoons. They are clever, catchy, and you learn stuff, too! What more could you ask?
 This movie is the best.  I was surprised on how much my 6 and 9 years olds love it, and I love it because they are giving them learning information in a fun way.
 This is a great dvd set. It definitely took me back to my childhood days.  My daughter loves it.  The songs are very cathcy and she is learning alot from a lot of different subjects.  If your kids love to sing and love music...this is a great tool that helps them to learn as they sing along rather than watching regular TV.
 I can't tell you how much I love this DVD! I bought this for my 6 and 4 year olds for Christmas and it just takes me back! I remember growing up with Schoolhouse rock and I know that I learned so much from them. My children are learning all the songs and lessons that I still remember. We sing them together and have so much fun! For those of you who grew up with Schoolhouse rock and those who are new to it, it is truly an invaluable learning tool for your kids!
 My children from 14 years all the way down to 2 years old LOVE this DVD.  They are completely captivated time and time again.  With the older kids, it has helped spark discussion about things they're learning in school or reinforces something we might have taught them.  The short segments are so much fun for the little ones and keep their attention during those much-needed moments of peace.  We don't watch TV/movies often, but this one is our tried and true favorite.  (Even Mom and Dad sing along!)
 I remember when these were on Saturday morning TV....30 yrs ago! I can still recite the preamble today because I learned it on SchoolHouse Rock. I'm hoping my nephews enjoy and learn from the sing-a-longs as much as I did.
 "Conjunction, conjunction, what's your function?  How about "Interjection"; remember that one?  These are some of the songs that I remember from the "Schoolhouse Rock DVD and from watching TV as a kid in the '80's when "Schoolhouse Rock songs were sandwiched between cartoon segments on Saturday mornings.  This is for the older elementary school child.  Though my Kindergartener likes some of the songs and finds the animations cute and funny, it was harder for him than his older sister in third grade to fully appreciate all of the songs.  Your child will learn not only grammar, but American History as well
 I bought this for my sister for Christmas. We both grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, and she really enjoyed watching this DVD, looking back on a part of our childhood.
 The DVD is great. Brings me back to my youth when education was subliminal on TV to kids. My only problem is that the kids want to watch Dora instead. The producers of the DVD should find a way to commercialize this into other popular DVD's in between programing.
 I remember growing up and watching the Schoolhouse Rock clips every chance I got.  It was a thrill to be able to pass those memories on to my daughter.  We put in the video the other day and she was hooked.  I was so surprised to see so many clips the I don't remember and some old "friends that I do.  What an awesome way to get my children interested in music, math, language, history, and so much more.  It would be nice to see more things like the SchoolHouse Rock make a comeback.
 I was so pleased to see all of the Schoolhouse Rock editions on this DVD.  I even used it with my elementary school students to review certain lessons!
 We first bought this for our kids for home use. They loved it and to be honest so did my husband and I. We were all walking around singing our favorites. (Mine is Mr. Morton.) Then when it came time for our oldest to memorize his multiplication facts for school it came in handy again. My kids teachers both asked to borrow it and started using it in class for language arts, math, and social studies. You can select individual songs, songs in groups, all the songs in order, or all the songs randomly.  So we decided that we would buy copies for them as classroom gifts. They loved it and have told us they use it for instruction and center time. In fact we had several days of heavy rain so the kids couldn't go out for recess and my younger son said the kids asked to watch it.  It doesn't get any better when learning and fun are rolled into one.
 My children (6, 10, 13) all find it enjoyable to watch (and the songs get "stuck in their heads just like they did for me as a child).  After watching all the clips, they now often turn on "Schoolhouse Rock when they only have a few minues of TV time before school, bed, or meals.
 I absolutely loved Schoolhouse rock segments when I was a child.  So, being able to have and see the entire collection (46 educational segments) brought back wonderful memories.  Bought two copies
 My daughter loves these. The cartoons are short enough to keep her attention and catchy enough that she sings along with them-and it is educational. I'm happy to hear her sing about nouns in the car rather than Sponge Bob.
 My son has been checking the VHS versions of these shows out from the local library.  He received the DVD for Christmas.  It is amazing how well I remember the words to these shows from thirty years ago.  My son is already starting to learn them.  How many people from my generation learned the Preamble to the Constitution from this series?  It is great to have copy of these songs.  This DVD costs considerably less than the old way buying four different VHS tapes.  All of the spots are incuded in one DVD.  There is also another DVD with other extras such as lost songs and other things.  Other reviewers have critcized the DVD because of the extras.  That is a little silly, since a person is buying the DVD for these great educational commercials from the past.  Buy this DVD if you loved the songs of Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon, Blossom Dearie and all of the others that contributed to this classic set.
 My kids love this collection.  I grew up on these and still remember most of them.  How could you forget "I'm just a Bill or "Lolly, lolly, lolly, get your adverbs here.  Now another generation will benefit from such great material.  The Disney commercials are a little tiresome at the beginning, but once that is over the DVD is wonderfully set up.
 Yes, just like anything nowadays, you have to skip through the previews and hit the DVD Menu to go to the main screen. I think it takes all of 10 seconds to do this.  It's a little funky the way the menu is setup but anybody who knows how to work a DVD player within the past 10 years should be able to adjust.  They have it setup where you can select a specific cartoon based on the category or you can play the 'whole enchilada'.  Selecting this option will begin to play every cartoon and you will need to use the skip button to toggle between scenes.  Yes, they could have done a better job with the scene selection...but who cares..it was $15.00.  Personally, this is an excellent learning DVD for the kids.  Teaches everything from English grammar, science, politics and American history.
 i also got this dvd for my stepdaughter.  it took her awhile to really get into it, but when she did she loved it.  At school they were learning about anerica and when the school house rocks sang about america she went crazy because that was what they had talked about in school that week.
 Everything arrived in a timely fashion.  And it was a blast to take a trip down memory lane with this DVD.  THANKS!
 all the school house rock songs & videos in one package. my students are singing conjunction junction after only seeing the video twice. they love it!
 I have been searching for School House Rock and finally found the DVD.  I am a teacher and the kids love the video clips.  It is a lively way to teach a variety of different subjects.  The DVD is user friendly and of high quality.
 As a teacher and a parent, I highly recommend this item as a vital resource for memorization of history and facts.  This special anniversary edition is a goldmine of songs to teach, learn, and memorize!  The tunes are catchy and inspires the listener to learn and sing them over and over again.
 I am a high school American Government teacher.  While teaching the legislative process to a group of largely disinterested "too cool seniors, I was surprised to hear a failing student huming "I'm just a Bill, ...  On a whim I searched for the music on-line and found it at Amazon.  You can't imagine the reaction when I played it in class the next week.  Many in the class remembered it from their early years and more than half had no clue what it was.  Maybe I'm just a 65 year old kid, but it's the best money I've spent for the classroom in years.  And, just in case you're wondering, that failing student turned around and got a C for the course.
 The perfect tool for sharing multiplication plus, all the others.  If your kid needs an overview of a topic and memorizes music.  Schoolhouse is a huge help to understanding the basic facts
 Kids love it, and sing along to most of the songs. They are timeless and catchy songs, glad I have it.
 I ordered this so that my kids could enjoy learning the way I used to during Saturday morning cartoons. I still know the preamble to the constitution because of the way it was put to music. This DVD brings back memories for me and makes learning fun for my kids. My son especially likes the song about Interjections. I've also used it in scouts to teach about the history of our country and citizenship. Thanks again for making learning fun. Keep up the good work.
 We have owned it for 4 months and the kids ask for it every week !
 Even 30 years later, this video captures children's minds, and teaches them important lessons without them even knowing that they are being taught. Entertaining and educational at the same time.
 I use these classics with my 8th grade US History class.  They are fun and educational.  They especially spice up lessons on government which 13 year olds do not find all that exciting.
 The catchy songs we remember from Saturday morning cartoons are just as catchy today, and just as enjoyable. My two children love the video and I love that they are learning as they watch and listen... a win-win, for sure!
 I loved these songs as a kid, and think they're still great for teaching my kids now. They love them, and they're 12 and older!
 In, my forties, I still use these great songs of the 70's to remember and teach my own children. I can't imagine anything ever taking the place of Schoolhouse Rock!
 America Rock is the ultimate teaching tool for American History.  This is the way for children to learn their nation's history.  Though there are a few historical mistakes, they don't detract from main content.  What a great series, even after 30 years.
 As a child in the early 1970's I eagerly watched Saturday morning cartoons AND Schoolhouse Rock.  While I can no longer see what it is I saw in the cartoons (though I still think they are better than what is on today) I can clearly see why I loved Schoolhouse Rock (and still do)!  I forgot all these tunes/cartoons when by the mid to late 1980's I was in college.  One night over the dinner table my usual group of about 10 people stated "Hey, whatever happened to Schoolhouse Rock?  I loved those songs?  We then all began singing our favorites and wishing they could still be seen. These songs allowed us all to know the difference between a noun, verb, adjective, adverb, to know about the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, the Louisiana Purchase, the Revolutionary War, math, and even a little science.  They are catchy, memorable, make learning fun, and best of all in today's ever popular "don't-put-anything-on-children's-television-unless-it-also-has-a-toy-to-sell world, simply good for goodness' sake.  I have seen other reviewers criticize this for not being 100% correct, well perhaps, but more importantly, Schoolhouse Rock may inspire children to want to learn more about the subject matter - a key step!  The day my husband and I first discovered they were available in VHS/DVD was a great day.  We can't wait for our daughter to be able to sing along with these tunes/cartoons.
 I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, this DVD. I bought it as soon as it was issued! I thought I was buying it for my 3-year-old son (who already loves the Audio CD Grammar Rock), but I find myself with him, singing and dancing along to these educational music videos. My son asks to see this every day, and I feel encouraged to let him watch something so enjoyable, that will teach him SOO much. I can't believe my son has already memorized lots of these, and can sing "Conjunction, Junction just as well as I can! The guys that created Schoolhouse Rock were geniuses. The 46 complete song-set was more than enough - but the "lost song", Scooter Computer, and the Emmy featurette and documentary are what REALLY make this a GREAT buy for grownups, kids, and grown-up kids.
 I had the very good fortune of seeing a preview of "gonna send your vote to college".  In case you need a hint, this song was written in the wake of the 2000 election cycle.  I was very impressed with it, as well as all the other songs/cartoons in the collection.  A sure to be welcome addition to the DVD is a behind the scenes of how they went about recording this song, who all was involved, Jack Sheldon (I'm Just a Bill) does the singing.  All of the original crew from schoolhouse rock was involved, except the original animator, but his son does a wonderful job.  These folks helped a lot of kids of my generation learn history, grammar, math, and science.  I don't recite the Preamble to the Constitution anymore, I sing it.  George Newall & Co. strikes another hit.
 This is a time honored DVD to many of us who were raised in the 1970's. ABC and it's parent Disney have brought us previously this collection to VHS, Hooray in a verse from the "Grammar
 Man - they key to why this was so successful in the 70s was the songwriting mostly by Bob Dorough, Lynn Ahrens and George Newall- a little soul, some funk, some rhodes piano, and some boogie woogie and you've got great songs with real bridges, chord changes and unforgettable melodies...each packed into 3 minutes.  Then there is the singing.  Of course, everyone can recognize Bob Dorough, who is really the chief voice of the series and should get a lot of credit for a gee-whiz and accessible tone of voice and some very clever songwriting.  Other notable voices
 Its about time they put these on DVD format. I bought the VHS tapes a while back, and I love them, but there is nothing that will compare to having these treasures on DVD. I grew up on School House Rock. These little 2-3 segments helped define my generation. From Im just a Bill to Conjunction Junction, SHR is and will always be a treasure. I highly recommend this DVD. Now, I know that it is not out yet, but Hey, its SHR. You cant go wrong. If you have kids, they will love em and learn from them. If you grew up with SHR, this dvd will bring back so many great memories of those Saturday mornings long gone by. You will be singing all of them, because you still know the words. You know you will be....
 My husband and I purchased this for our 2 year old to enjoy on Saturday mornings the way that we used to as children.  He loved the animation and the music!  We loved singing the songs and shouting out which were our favorites from back in the day.  I recommend getting this DVD for anyone who has children - the songs and the lessons never go away or get stale!
 This is a great DVD if your children like school house rocks.  The songs are great and they learn from it too.
 Want your kid to learn grammar, science and other lessons?  Want him/her to sing you those lessons 24 hours a day?  It's a DVD full of fun, infectious songs that are as good as you remember them.  Give your brain a kick in the pants after 2 mind numbing years of Little Einstein and have some fun in the process.  Your kids will thank you.
 Schoolhouse rock was basically created by ABC ad men who's normal function was to create commercials...It's nice to see how an energy which is usually spent for the all mighty dollar went to create a new way of learning. I remember this stuff in the 70's, and they were more important than the Saturday morning cartoons they came between. The tunes are classic, the lessons are thorough(2 x 98 = 2 x 100 - 2x2 = 196) and the best thing about it is the facts don't change; 2x2 still equals 4. My only complaint is how Disney makes it appear as they are the original  creators, where in fact they are only involved with distribution.
 I remember watching mini shows of Schoolhouse Rock between cartoons on Saturday mornings.  It was really helpful for school.  It helped me to learn multiplication, social studies, language, science, all school subjects.  The best part was I learned without really feeling like I was learning.  I find that children learn easier if you put the information in a song.  My [...] year old just watched in the the first time this morning and asked to watch it again.  I believe that she will learn most of the info. before she finishes kindergarten.
 I can remember watching these "commercials on Saturday morning when I was a child.  I actually learned a lot off of these songs!  Sometimes more than I learned in school.  Today, my children love listening to this.  Singing along to the music is a great way to learn English grammar, math, social studied and more!! FUN!!
 Being a child of the 70's I was almost obligated to turn my kids onto this...it certainly did not disappoint!. All of the old favorites we saw on TV as kids still relate to this generation and that's a stretch in this day and age. What really knocked my socks off was the quality of the musicianship I missed as a kid. The music was incredible and stands up today as some pretty heavy session work! Where so much now is electronic, slightly-concieved BS, the tracks here are warm, analog, true music. A must-have for parents who want to turn thier kids on to learning through music and at the very least, a blast from our past. OLD SCHOOL in every sense...RETRO BABY!!
 Don't bother buying all the separate DVDs or VHS tapes because the entire Schoolhouse Rock collection is right here!!! It is a little unfortunate that Mickey Rat's parent company owns this great collection because there are at least a dozen DI$NEY previews you have to suffer/scan through just to get to the main menu. Other than that, just sit back and let the cheesy memories of Buster Brown shoes, plaid pants, and glitter iron-on shirts come flooding back. It actually surprised me that I still remembered most of the words to some of the most popular songs. The big kicker is that my 3 year old enjoyed watching it just as much as hubby and I did........way to make you feel really ancient. The 2 disc set also includes a "pamphlet of sorts that has all the words to the top 10 faves
 I am 39 , and I grew up with SHR every Saturday Morning. There are some great ones on this tape, but If you are like me, you wanted more, so I go the DVD set. All in all, I would recommend the complete dvd set, but if you only want a good taste of SHR, then get this tape. You cant go wrong either way. Hey, its SHR.  And for those uptite, people, and history buffs, who are griping about how SHR is not all that accurate on their segments, I say this, SHR was never meant to be that aaccurate. It was just meant to give kids a taste and feel of our history. Sure, some of it is not that accurate, or alot of it is left out. Take it for what it is. Its a great learning tool. Its not the gospel or anything...Geeeezzzz.
 It was a good as I remembered.  And my 8yr old stepson is enjoying it as well.
 This is one of Disney's greatest box sets.  You get all 46 Schoolhouse Rock songs here, including the long lost song "The Weather Show".  These songs are wonderful, charming, tuneful, and simply gorgeous.  Unlike most current children's programming, which is incredibly dumbed down, this series isn't.  Adults can watch it and appreciate it just as much as kids can.  It doesn't talk down to children.  Children are not as dumb as people think they are.  It doesn't have that overly commercial feel that a lot of programming does today.  I love seeing and hearing Three is a Magic Number, the adverb song, the noun song, pronouns, telegraph line, etc., etc..  The only songs I didn't care for were the money rock ones, probably because they were done relatively recently, and they're too slick and modern.  They don't have the charm of the earlier stuff.  I'm glad that no one has tried to remake this series.  It would be a travesty.  Wonderful stuff that can be viewed thousands of times....
 This is a great video for learning.  My son loves it!
 I don't remember the Schoolhouse Rock stuff from when I was a kid.  I think it may have been JUST before my time.  However, I'd gotten the CD when they did remakes of the songs with modern artist and loved it, so we got this for our daughter to watch.  She's only 2, so she's still a bit young for it, but she loves watching it anyway.
 My Son loves this DVD! He didn't believe me when I told him that this was on TV while I was growing up. I got this dvd because I was going to purchase the Leapster Schoolhouse Rock software and saw on the review that it was better to purchase the DVD instead of the software so I did. I'm glad I did.
 This is the best.  It truly reminds you of Saturday mornings when you were a kid.  Best of all, now your kids can learn from the fun cartoons and songs.
 Your kids will love it as much as you did when you were little.
 My 8 year old daughter was having trouble learning her times tables and I remembered this great series I used to see on TV when I was growing up.  It's too bad they don't have something like this on nowadays in between shows on Saturday's.These educational clips are so fun to watch and make learning a breeze. My 6 year old has now , inadvertently, learned a lot of her times tables as well...just singing along to the music! I ordered a bunch of them to keep on hand for birthday gifts.  This DVD has all of the  Schoolhouse Rock clips on it, so they will learn everything from English to History to Math....
 WOW!!!(interjection) What wonderful memories these bring back! How great would it be to have these back on tv for this generation i know i learned alot from watching these on Saturday mornings.
 If you have ever wanted to relive your childhood and the simple pleasures of your youth, buy this now! It came in the mail, a put it on (using the very cool "whole enchilada shuffle mode) and spent hours being 9 again. Too cool for words.
 I can still sing the Preamble to the Constitution (I'm 42), thanks to School House Rock.  I think it is great this is still around.  I am buying it as a gift for my nieces and nephew, who are all elementary school age.  I hope they enjoy it as much as I did in the 1970s.
 This came up as a gift idea for toddlers ages 2-4.  This is not so.  School House Rocks covers grade school curiculum.  This would be better for a child between the ages of 6-12.  I use School House Rocks in my classroom all the time.  The fun tunes and animation make learning U.S. History, money (the stock market), basic math, etc. easy to learn.  The words to most of the songs is included in the DVD case.  This is a fantastic teaching tool for grade school aged children.  Not appropriate for toddlers.  I would suggest Baby Einstein, Sesame Street, and Blue's Clues for toddlers instead.
 I used this to help teach constitution day at school for moderately impaired individuals.  The students enjoyed it.
 I previously owned the VHS version of this, and when it starting getting worn out, we ordered the DVD set.  DVD is way better than VHS, the extras are great too.  My kids love it, and it counts towards our home schooling too! Even my 1 yr. old loves it. I am ordering more for my sister's kids.  I told my daughter that she's probably the only 3rd grader that knows the preamble of the constitution - and we learned it by singing the song. It's one of her favorites. I believe that the lyrics come printed out in the DVD set (my kids lost this already), but the tunes are so catchy that you really don't need them to learn the songs.
 I teach third grade and this is one of the most effective teaching tools I have found for teaching multiplication, as well as social studies, science and grammer. The students love it.
 I love the compilation of all of these videos from my youth!  They really take me back.  My children love watching and listening and I love the fact that they are learning, too.  A must buy for parents and teachers!
 I was in awe when I purchased the entire volume.  Growing up I never realized that we as young kids didn't see the entire Schoolhouse Rock!!! None the less I view it now... I'm 38 and my son that I purchased it for LOVES IT and he's 3!!!...  Any cartoon, show,play or movie that was out when we were growing up is it what I would call the CAT'S MEOW of the entire tv industry.  If the era wasn't phenomenal how come everything that comes on is a remake? No origianl ideas at all - I feel sorry for today's kids - they have nothing enjoyable and good to watch or listen to for that matter(My opinion!)!!!  Enjoy -  touches on subjects that are fun while learning!!!
 I loved watching these little tunes in between my favorite ABC cartoons as a kid. My brother missed out on this and had no appreciation for them. A couple years ago I bought a copy for myself and sent another copy to my cousin's kids. They love it and can sing every song. The "new School House Rock cartoons do their best to mimic the old feel and style, but I wouldn't say they add a lot, especially considering how quickly technology has progressed. The stories are sometimes too simple and a little biased, but they deliver some very good basics about grammer, numbers, history and science. How can you not love conjunctions! Knowing the preamble of the constitution paid off in debate class.
 It's been almost 30 years since I saw these videos on Saturday morning cartoons.  Now, with children of my own, they can watch these great learning classics.  Shipper got them out in perfect condition and immediately.
 This brought back great memories as to when I was in school.  These songs helped me through lots of english tests.  I love this CD.
 My kids love this DVD and will watch over and over again. In fact, when given the choice they almost alway choose it first.
 The Schoolhouse Rock DVD brought back memories from my childhood and Saturday mornings.  I am delighted I can share these experiences with my daughter.  The DVD has so neat features such as a Jukebox Shuffle which plays the "lessons out of order.  You may also watch them by topic.  A few of the skits/lessons are dated...but most of them still ring true today and provide an easy way to teach kids.  I wonder how many folks in their 20s and 30s know the preamble to the US Constitution as a result of Schoolhouse Rock.
 i remember schoolhouse rock when i was growing up.  I remember that it taught me a lot.  The jingles are what led me to it.  I remember how a bill become a law just because of schoolhouse rock.  I do now have any children of my own yet but I ordered one for me and one for my nieces so they could learn the same way my sister and i did.
 Brings back my childhood. My son is now enjoying the songs and little stories that I did. A+
 For those of you who can still sing "Just a Bill or "Conjunction Junction this DVD will bring it all back!  Great for kids to enhance their grammar, American History etc.
 This product is exactly what I was looking for to include in a training package.
 After putting this DVD on shuffle play, I was transported back to Saturday mornings in the 70s.  Although the animation is rather primitive by today's standards and the style is indubitably dated, my 4 year old is spell bound by most of the singing and dancing...a definite keeper if you have a pre-school to school age child or are a large child yourself.
 Here's a piece of advice for those so into Baby Einstein videos- they won't make your baby smarter.  All they do is condition your child to watch TV.  The creator of such videos were recently quoted in a parent's magazine as saying that kids are going to watch TV anyways, why not have them watch something without commercials and product placement.  Not a bad idea, but I think this DVD does the same and provides some educational value.  My child is not into TV at all, but we find that the songs usually grab her attention and set her off bouncing happily up and down to the beat.  The catchy songs and colorful videos are also full of little education tidbits.  I bet most of you probably learned how a bill becomes a law from these classical songs.  Anyways, my 16 month old enjoys it.  My wife and I enjoy them.  And I think you will too.  Every video is on the DVD along with some newer ones on using money and investing.
 We loved these songs when we were kids and didn't even realize we were learning. I think they stand the test of time and that our kids can enjoy and learn from them as well. I actually purchased the DVD because my daughter is doing the "play and she is having to learn the songs. It is making it easier for her to learn them this way.
 Such a terrific gem from the past.  I purchased several copies to give to people as "baby gifts.  It's a classic!
 My 1st graders enjoy watching each and every one of the song videos.  We are learning The Preamble to go along with our Social Studies unit.
 My son watches this over and over and over again. He is still learning from it. He is autistic and this has been a great tool for teaching him. He's even memorized some multiplication. Very entertaining and educational!
 I learned more from this as a kid than in school.  To expensive on Amazon, I got it cheaper at my local Vons grocery store.
 As a child of the eighties, I just had to have this set.  It is such a great dose of education made fun.  To this day, I know important facts like the preamble to the consitution and that a noun "is a person, place, or thing all thanks to Schoolhouse Rock. This set includes all of the tunes you remember(Conjunction Junction), some you may recall(the Mr Chips series), and one brand new lesson to Rock the Schoolhouse.  There's also some neat extras including - of all things - a Nike commercial that embraced the SR-bunch. What a great way to get my son off on the right educational foot.  My wife and I love it... Nostalgia for us, a solid foundation for him as he grows.  Much thanks to Lolly and all the gang.
 School House Rock is so cool that a local band in D.C. plays a medley of the songs.  Every bar in which they perform goes absolutely ape*&^. It truly is one of the all time greats and great background for that warm-up time at a party. Oh, yeah, it's a great educational tool as well.
 Totally brings me back to the good ol' days when Saturday morning cartoons were worth watching.  They sure don't make em like they use to.
 I REMEMBER SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK WHEN I WAS KID, ON SATURDAY MORNINGS WATCHING CARTOONS, A GREAT PRODUCT FOR EDUCATING.
 What a blast from my childhood!  I remember getting up every saturday morning and watching every one that came on!  I was glued and they helped me throughout my school days.  Excellent condition!
 I have used this video in my English classroom.  Kids of all ages really enjoy it and have even asked me how they could buy it!  Also, it brings back memories if you grew up with it 
 People criticize the advertising community, but when you hear that admen thought up most of the bits, you start to think that maybe they should be running the schools! This is an excellent way to introduce your kids (or yourself) to History, Multiplication, Grammar, Science and Money. I had never seen the ones on Money, but it has helped me reinforce some of the concepts I'm trying to get across with my son. If you have children, you really do need this. It will help!
 This is a great dvd to put in the player while you are driving around town (or out of town)!  My children have been learning tons of things without them realizing it and I am reliving part of my childhood.
 I love this set....we had the VHS that had the top 20 "best of on it and the kids wore it out.  I was happy to get this.  It's fun and educational...I don't feel bad putting in this DVD for them.
 I remembered these ditties from Saturday morning cartoons when I was a kid. My 10 and 8 year olds were sceptical but were soon hooked!! The songs are done in a witty way that catches the attention of young and old. My son was humming "i'm just a bill at breakfast. The song led to further discussion of how laws are made and how our government works. Highly recommended.
 Of course it's great! We all know these classics from when we were kids.
 This is a great learning tool for children. The songs are fun and easy to remember which is why children learn from them so easily. I wish there were more!!!!
 Come on, you know you are singing one of your favorite School House Rock tunes right now, as you read this!  Sure, you didn't get them as a kid, you didn't even know what a "Bill or a "Noun really was.  But those tunes are just so dang catchy!  I bought this to share with my kids once they turn about 4 or five in a couple years (2008).  I'm sure we'll be singing Conjunction Junction for years to come!
 I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks,  When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.  Play on.
 I have no quarrel with the critical comments of other reviewers with regard to this Murray Lerner-produced filmed portrayal of Jimi Hendrix, playing at the Isle of Wight Festival, at 2 A.M,  just 18 days before his death. I have not previously seen or heard Hendrix save for a few shots in the History of Rock and Roll. Here I address myself only to those in roughly similar circumstances. First, and foremost, my reason for buying this, rather than the recent, more complete, version now available (not at the Amazon listed price, above,  for a new copy,  but at less than a third that )  is that it is one of the five DVD's made of Murray Lerner films of the Festival
 Anyone who thinks that this performance is lackluster, lazy, or anything but great is out of his frigging mind. I am so glad I bought this DVD, and it is another example of why you really have to make up your mind yourself and never listen to negative reviewers. All of the songs played on this DVD are typical Hendrix - exciting, mind blowing and illustrative of his incredible talent that to this day has never been equaled. I could not really see what flaws everyone was talking about. Every Hendrix performance is different from any other, so this one had a little shorter version of  Machine Gun  so what? It was still great. The audience was extremely pleased. If there were equipment problems, you never see it on this DVD. ALL PERFORMANCES ARE OUTSTANDING and I agree with another reviewer that Any Hendrix is better than NO Hendrix. There just is no other performer alive today, and probably never will be who can play a guitar like that, period. If you like Jimi Hendrix, or if you just like supernova guitar playing, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD. The price is WELL worth it. And don't listen to those who are so spoiled that they have to pick apart everything they see and hear, as if they could actually play better than this, or anyone else could. Great great performance that is head and shoulders above anything you will ever see today. The only bad part of the DVD is that you are reminded that 18 days after this performance, we lost probably the greatest guitar player of his generation.
 I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks,  When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.  Play on.
 I wish this movie was on DVD. My daughter was brought up on this movie - and we always have to laugh about whether or not she's been a good girl so I can read to her - from the TV Guide.  Hundreds of laughs if you have no shame.  Characters are lovable and unforgettable - who wouldn't want Theresa as their neighbor?  From absence excuses for school to mama's desire for a peach colored love sofa, the laughs go on and on.
 very hard to find black comedy, not on dvd so had to get on vhs . Good quality fast delivery makes for a happy camper.
 This just isn't fair.  There are certain parameters, guidelines, preconceived notions, or understood rules that any sensible polite filmmaker should adhere to. Psycho stud director Chad Ferrin (Easter Bunny Kill! Kill!) goes on a bareback'n mental rampage by violating both eye sockets and pummeling your ear canal with this disgustingly bizarre nightmare of a film, Someone's Knocking at the Door.  For all you cute kids that enjoyed Zombieland or Shaun of the Dead, I'd think twice before you come walking in this neighborhood.  For all you so-called seasoned gorehounds, go ahead and answer the door but be prepared to mentally grab your ankles.  Follow, if you dare, the drug-induced delirium of a group of med students that cross the line of reality and have their equilibrium shattered into tiny little worthless pieces.  They all become targets for a couple of deranged serial rapists/murderers that somehow have returned from the 70's.  Time to party, and it's BYOB (Bring Your Own Blood).  WARNING--Being horrificly raped to death is no way to go.  Someone's Knocking at the Door is a grindhouse throwback, a surreal headtrip that sets new standards for cinematic psychosis.  It's one brutal, dirty, mind-infesting pathogen transferring sick elements of dark comedy, sex, flesh, blood, gore, super schlong nightmarish profanity insanity deep inside your vulnerable little wacked-out brains.  Be careful.
 3 words
 *Knock Knock*  I first heard about this movie in Fangoria and it immediately piqued my interest.  One, because Noah Segan is in it and I adore him, and two, because I enjoy sick and twisted low budget films that have lots of blood and gore.  Now I will admit, this was a bit over the top and didn't really have a great plot, but I did enjoy every second of this.  It made me laugh and cringe at the same time.  SKATD is about a group of college kids, all of whom(except one)take drugs.  They also discuss the story of two serial killers who, back in 1973, raped people to death.  Yes, that sounds insane and it definitely is.  Anyway, crazy things start to happen soon after.  Every time there's a knock on a door, one of the kids answers and dies.  Their deaths are always completely f**ked up and strange.  The ending is actually pretty entertaining, but if you really think about it, you'll be able to figure out what's really going on.  I rated SKATD 5 stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the display of madness and campiness all rolled into one.  That may make me a disturbed person, but I really don't care.  
 Captivating from the first knock. It's difficult to not be both stimulated and mortified by the raw terror that stalks a group of med students in "Someone's Knocking At The Door. This 70s style horror film creatively takes you through a disturbing drug-induced ordeal that masterfully interlaces sexually charged suspense with a little comedy. Unlike many of today's horror films, this movie features an excellent soundtrack that plays with your emotions. Several scenes still stick with me weeks after watching. This is a refreshingly original film with an ending that will both surprise you and leave you wanting to watch it again.
 This of course is an older film but you still get to see Mr. Parker in action in this film.  This is a definite martial arts masterpiece.  If your into Kenpo you need to pick this up and see Mr. Parker doing Kenpo.
 This movie still lingers on my retina after many months. That is a accomplishment itself. The movie is dark, very dark, and not for the faint of heart. Its characters are extreme, yet somehow believeable - Christian  Slater is evil, Cameron Diaz is a b*tch, and the rest of the cast does a  good job as well. This movie also challenges what is considered funny. I  laughed, and yet - it was a guilty feeling, for you could not help but  question how you could laugh at this gruesome scenario.  And in the end, I  left the theatre quietly - disgusted and in awe.
 First of all
 I don't think I've laughed so hard at a film since Pink Flamingoes.  My God...what an incredible film.  Superbly crafted performances, raw tension, and some of the darkest comedy this side of Sunday that would make John  Waters proud.  This was my favourite film of that year, the funniest film  I've seen in 20 years, and one of the best films of the decade.
 Terrific, Funny, cynic, a great punch to the american dream and to Las Vegas city . Christian Slater in his best part 
 it has an independant film feel like that of Payback...  and the writing style is not that unlike Donald E. Westlake (aka Richard Stark).  The film was dark, yet i laughed the whole time.  So who's opinion would  you rather read?  That of a film student who has a knack for great  cinematography, or that of someone who doesn't respect art at all??
 all i can say about this movie is that it left me without words at the end, all through out  the movie it kept me rolling with laughter, you have to have a dark scence of humor to like this movie, for all those goody  people stay away cause you won't like it, this movie was made for the ones  that know the difference between real and unreal, all in all it was an  imaginative story....for those serious movie people remember movies are  just stories.
 If you don't like dark comedy at all, you'll probably hate this movie like so many of the other reviewers. That's a shame, because Very Bad Things is just wicked, and that's what makes it great. I actually went to see this in the theater when it first came out. I was definitely shocked, and quite pleased, to see something like this as it was different than most shiny, happy people movies out there. I can't even think of another movie to liken it to. A group of guys go to Vegas for a bachelor party. Lots of drugs and partying, and a gorgeous stripper who winds up dead. It's purely an accident, and the group covers things up. Or so they think. But there's a lot of loose ends and loose cannons and the fun in this movie is watching them all get tied. Christian Slater is just wonderful and if you love him, you'll love this movie. I couldn't have been more delighted to find it for $5.50. The ending is probably the most disturbing of all, so for all those dark comedy fans, Very Bad Things is full of all the guilty pleasures that we love.
 yes they have done some very bad things. great movie  shocks you, scares you, thrills you, chills you, makes you laugh all at once almost. highly recommend this one. it's different roles for each character. and they play their parts part well. I was definitely shocked after seeing this the first time thru. I shall watch it again and again. the ending is nice. the story is very twisted at times. but I think it helps the viewer think of what might happen next before they show it. I am glad I have this on dvd. a true shocking classic movie. That goes to show you that when you do "very bad things sooner or later your conscience will eat away at you for them and you'll either beg and confess or something else. quite a shock of a movie they made. but it's worth the watch always
 Went to my video store looking for a romantic comedy to cheer me up but the proprietor insisted I take this out instead. I had no idea what to expect and was blown away by the energy and pace. From the first moment to  the last this film just kept on going without a let-up. I was exhausted by  the end - I can't imagine how the actors felt. For a sick black comedy,  it had just the right balance of humour and gore, of callousness and heart.  Every role was perfectly cast and brilliantly played (especially Favreau).  If the idea of five guys trying to reassemble the dismembered and mixed-up  parts of two dead bodies doesn't make you laugh then this isn't the film  for you.
 This movie had me falling down laughing,, I watched it with a couple of friends and they just looked at me in horror. Don't worry about the negative reviews of this movie JUST SEE IT FOR WHAT IT IS AND LAUGH AWAY!
 I just had to put in 2 cents worth because it disappointed me that some people apparently aren't open-minded enough to notice how funny this movie is!!! There is a quite defined plot, the actors are great, and the comedy  is dark so expect nothing less, in short it's Funny As Hell!!!
 This movie would have not been half as funny without Cameron Diaz. I Love Cameron'^s ideas for the wedding( like John-John Kennedy), She's very convincing. But there is a little too much dead people, God bless them, thank God, Diaz doesn't die( oufffff)
 I was surprised by the majority of the reviews of this movie. I watched it and laughed the whole way through and half the people on this site thought it was disgusting. I'll grant them that it was gruesome at times, but no worse than some of the other movies out there (Braveheart, Gladiator), but to say the acting was bad? This is perhaps one of Christian Slaters best perfomances, and Cameron Diaz was great too. If you can't realize that this is just a movie and just sit back and enjoy it for what it is, then don't bother. But if you're into  Black Comedies  then you owe it to yourself to watch this.
 This movie is not a comedy ITS A DARK-COMEDY! You have to see it for what it is not what you want it to be. this is for all you "one-star raters about this movie.
 Normally, I wouldn't like a dark comedy like this.  I ended up watching it purely by accident.  I was actually surfing the net, the tv had been left on, and this is what came on next.  I found myself continuing to look up at the movie and the next thing I knew, I had moved to the sofa and watched the entire thing.  Having never heard of the movie before, I didn't even realize it was a comedy til about a half hour in.  Everything goes so horribly wrong and you can see how the two slightly normal, decent guys get swept up into the cover-up that continues to blow up in their faces.  I gasped out loud more times than I could count, and then cracked up.  Every couple of years, I dust it off and watch it again and it gets funnier each time.  There are at least 10 classic lines in this movie, from Cameron Diaz "I will not be common to Christian Slater "I am the Lighthouse and my favorite "I want to hear the truth, and I don't want to hear it from the LIAR  When they are all leaning on the bathroom door, each characters face and behavior is priceless.  We all know people who embody each of the personalities of these characters.  The eager to please but still immature groom, the somewhat shallow, wedding obsessed bride-zilla, the hard working, serious minded suburban dad, his screw up brother, and the party boy, lying, jerk friend of our hubby that will never grow up that we can't stand and wish would just go away.  Also, the drunk/drugged up friends who are so deep, brilliant, cerebral and worst of all, sentimental when they are gorked out.  I know Hangover was the breakout comedy of the year, and it was funny, but I have to say I watched this again last night and laughed til I teared up.  I can't explain it.  It is horrible really, VERY BAD THINGS they did, but there is true cosmic justice, and after all, it is just a movie, for entertainment, not some movie to learn any morals from.  Obviously, the things they did wouldn't be funny in real life.
 About ten years ago, I saw this movie on Comedy Central, absolutely loved it, then forgot about it until Owen Gleiberman mentioned it in a recent-ish issue of Entertainment Weekly.  A lot of people want a feel-good movie when they watch comedies, and Very Bad Things is exactly the opposite.  I really feel terrible, sort of depressed even, after watching it.  But this is definitely what you would call excellent film.  If you want to see distilled essence of the victim story, this is it.  Excellent performances from Cameron Diaz, John Favreau and Christian Slater.  A must for film buffs.
 What distinguishes black comedy from it's more mainstream counterpart is the element of the macabre and disturbing. "Very Bad Things is one of the more disturbing movies I have ever seen--it can be physically uncomfortable to watch the movie, but fascinating nonetheless. Perhaps the prime example of this is the early scene in the movie with the hooker and the man who inspects the noise. The plotline is an interesting concotion. Five friends attend a bachelor's party in a Las Vegas hotel, wherein the prostitute hired for their entertainment is accidentally killed whilst having sex with the brother of the groom. From there the movie spirals into a mess of murder and chaos. The characters exhibit great depth as they attempt to cope with their acts and the attempted coverup, while the act of murder destroys them both inwardly and outwardly, as the tightly-knit group of friends begin to violently turn on each other. There's a notion of either supreme cosmic irony or karma (depending on your point of view) as the last scene fills the screen. Human complexes come to the fore throughout, from Carmen Diaz's unstoppable and insane need to go through with the wedding at whatever cost, to Christian Slater's ego-driven lust for power to the point where power and control is a death urge. In the process, the frailties of each person become absolutely hilarious. The function of humor serves two goals in this movie
 What a wonderful ocassion it is when one can stumble upon an underated movie and get a chance to share it with others ( I played it to my friends and they loved it). Very bad things is a dark satire that has no cliche  whatsoever and keeps the audience on their toes as to the next adventure or  even scene. It moves with a rapid pace through the events of a messed up  bachelor party and its severe consequences.  I loved the way the characters  each percived the event and the way each reacted to it. Terribly wicked and  dark, I love it !
 I love it and so will any other average Antfan. I will give you the track listing, too. Kings of the Wild Frontier, Dog Eat Dog, Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, Ant Rap, Goody Two Shoes, Friend Or Foe, Desparate but not Serious, Puss n` Boots, Strip, Apollo 9, and Vive la Rock. This video is worth every penny, belive me! Once you see him swing those hips and his lovely eyes, you will.
 Adam and The Ants were part of the punk/new wave explosion that took place in the late seventies. Stuart Goddard (aka Adam Ant) and his group were more of a London cult punk band that were in need of modernization as so to speak. Goddard sought out ex-Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren who gave them a new sound and direction. The addition of tribal drums and a Native American theme (tribal costumes and war paint on his face) for Goddard seemed to be what the group needed. McLaren was so impressed with the new sound and look of the band that Bow Wow Wow was formed. Soon after the name Adam and The Ants became the group's name and in 1980 the album "Kings Of The Wild Frontier was released which produced several hits in the U.K. with "Antmusic", and "Dog Eat Dog". The album reached number 1 on the British charts as well. The group had success in Britain and were set to conquer America. With the help of MTV videos such as "Prince Charming", "Stand And Deliver and "Goody Two Shoes", Adam & The Ants finally achieved success. The tribal drums in the mean time were complemented with brass horns. Stuart Goddard also took up acting and has been in numerous movies. This excellent collection contains all the hits starting with "Car Trouble (from "Dirk Wears White Sox L.P.), "Antmusic and "Dog eat Dog (from Kings Of The The Wild Frontier L.P.), "Stand And Deliver and it's b-side gem "Beat My Guest", "Prince Charming (from the Prince Charming L.P.), "Goody Two Shoes", "Desperate But Not Serious and "Friend Or Foe (from the Friend Or Foe L.P.), "Strip and "Puss N' Boots (from the Strip L.P.) and "Vive Le Rock and "Apollo 9 (from the Vive Le Rock L.P.) to name a few. If you enjoy listening to 80's new wave rock then you'll certainly enjoy this excellent collection.
 First time listeners, I wish I were you. Second and more time listeners, you know.This album contains the first songs I ever heard from Adam Ant. I had bought this album twice before and had them promptly stolen. These songs are catchy and fun. Once you hear them, you'll be humming them all day and learning the words just enough to make people ask about the song or questioning if they heard right.I recommend Antics in The Forbidden Zone for all who love something different. Karl
 I loved it! It's been a while since I've seen some of those videos. Adam knows how to entertain! My favorite videos of all time are Stand & Deliver, Prince Charming, Antmusic, Goody Two Shoes, and Desperate but not serious. Adam is the king!!!!
 This is a great compliation of Adam Ant's work.  I have been a fan of Adam's since for about 20 years. In junoir high my bedroom was a shrine to Adam --and the Ants, too! This CD takes me back to my  happy place  where music was still fun.  If you are a fan of Adam Ant you MUST get this CD.  And if you're not very familar with his work, this is a great chance to check it out!
 Antics in the Forbidden Zone, in my opinion covers some of the earlier  hits that didn't get much airplay as well as some that did.  I have been a  fan for 17 years and this album sums up the most artistic decade  (musically) for Adam Ant.  These are the hits that molded an era and are  definately worth a listen.  This is my favorite  hits  album from  this artist.  Antmusic forever!  Adam Ant takes you to another time and  place away from the chaos of reality.  I recommend this album to anyone who  considers themselves an ANTFAN.
 This is a great cd. It`s one I have to listen over and over again, and if your trying to start a collection, this would be a great one to start with. It has a couple of songs off of his first album  Dirk Wears White Sox . Belive you me, those are hard to find! Nothing compares to this album!!
 I was fortunate enough to catch this film at the New York City International Film Festival in August and WOW! The acting is incredible - both Alexia Rasmussen & Kent Moran deliver powerful performances and Cybill Shepherd plays one of the most memorable roles of her career. The film is beautiful made, with scenic shots of New York City and Greenwhich, CT, and a musical score that is up there with two of my personal favorites, Good Will Hunting & Garden State. This is a great film, that pulls you in from the start and never lets go. This is one certainly worth watching again & again! I give it my highest recommendation.
 When i first watched this film,  i had no idea what to expect. but i was pleasantly surprised on how well of a put together  heartfelt story it was. the leads did a great job in their parts and the other cast were great also that rounded it out.cybil shines in  her role and it's the  best i've seen her do in quite sometime.  this is  tearjeaker keep those tissues handy  Highly Recommended film for lovers of tender love stories and overcoming  challenges in life.  it's NR - Not Rated , but it does have some sesuality in a scene and drinking, but a clean flick none the less. i don't think they're any language in it.did'nt hear any.
 this was a random movie I picked out on Netflix to watch and I am so glad I did.  I laughed, I cried, I know it sounds cliche, but what an amazing love story.  Such a great message.
 I cannot say enough good things about the beautifully written story and the wonderful compositions from writer/actor/composer/producer Kent Moran, but gifted and talented would be 2.  This movie is an incredibly woven tale of friendship and love and the wonderful way that music can be felt, not just heard, from our hearts, no matter if we do not even have the ability to hear it with our ears.  The plot develops with a story of a young man who lost his mom.  We are not initially then told the specific type of this particularly terminal illness, only that he nursed her til her through as she fought a five-year long battle with cancer.  We fall in love with this gentle, heartwarming, positive, compassionate soul who's life was changed by a woman who endured so much and remained so grateful for life each day she struggled. He works with his best bud as a waiter at a cafe  and saves every dime he can spare for recording equipment to record his first demo.  He dreams big and works hard at his job to save for his dream, but he does more, he inspires others by his presence, his positivity and his sheer and utter determination to follow his goal of making music that would last forever in people's hearts.  Yes, ***spoiler alert***the ending is definitely a tearjerker but the whole story put together is one of the few stories that changes you, makes you think and appreciate the little things more after watching it. This movie is truly art and I look forward to Mr. Moran's deeper foray into the music world also one day, he has talent and gift that should be shared.
 So I watched this for the first time on netflix on a Sunday when i had nothing else to do. Didn't see myself crying multiple times within the next two hours...but it happened haha. Amazing acting all around, I felt like every character hit the mark just right. Kent Moran who wrote, produced, and acted in this movie is definitely an up and coming star. Not to mention his musical abilities. Definitely a must see movie if you enjoy moving love stories.
 This film FAR exceded my expectations. It takes you on an amazing emotional journey from start to finish. An excellent production and definitely a love story that youll remember! Great soundtrack too!
 I caught this movie today on LMN, when I was channel surfing.  Unfortunately I missed the first 25 minutes.  I tried not to let Kent Moran distract me from the plot, but he's gorgeous.  He's a screenwriter, musician and actor huh?  Not just a pretty face.  Anyways, back to the movie...  It was a movie about real people, that I could relate to.  I'm buying this so I can see what I missed.
 Great movie filmed in New York, directed by Matt Thompson and written by Kent Moran. Scenes were filmed with the 'Red Cam' so it feels like you're right there with the actors. It's a great story about a high society deaf girl (controlled by her mother) and an ordinary 'Joe' (who works for a living) who fall in love. His dream is music and so is hers, even though she can't hear. Make sure to have your tissue ready for it will tug at your heart and the tears will come. It has won many awards in the film festivals throughout the US, one which was 'Best Director' at the Beverly Hills Film Festival. It's another Love Story movie worth watching.
 Few films these days are truly inspired and challenge the viewer to become a better person for having watched the film. This is a rare gem that does just that. This film is crammed full of emotion and heart. It is absolutely a testament to the fact that love, generosity, selflessness, having an appreciation for life and caring for each person we meet will make this world a better place. This film will challenge you to take life and your dreams to the next level. ...And keep those tissues nearby. With this much emotion packed in, you'll definitely need them.
 A well done picture with gifted actors.  The director, Matt Thompson, was able to get the most from his cast.  A touching story which pulls on the heart strings.  I anticipated the ending but a part of me hoped that it would not end that way.  The romantic in me wanted it to be otherwise.
 Listen to Your Heart is a modern day Romeo and Juliet love story with a huge twist. You will enjoy watching the relationships of the characters develop as they overcome life's harsh realities. The music and scenery are breathtaking. A heart-wrenching film!
 I absolutely LOVED this film. A friend and I went to see it at the New York City International Film Festival and we were blown away. This film will tug at your "heart strings. It really is watching a beautiful journey between extraordinary characters. I cannot wait to get my hands on a copy.
 "Listen To Your Heart is a heart warming, emotional story for all young teens as well as the young at heart. It expresses everything from parental overbearingness to Deaf culture.  This is a great teaching aid for Deaf  awarenes, peer pressure, self respect,true friendship and real love.  Simply phenomal.  Make sure you have a large box of kleenex.
 Love this movie! 1.) Emotion...The movie has some characters you will love and cheer for, and some you will hate. 2.) Twists....The movie has a couple of turns that are unpredictable for sure. Without giving them away, this isn't a movie that just starts, tells one plain story, and ends. 3.) Great acting/powerful...You get the feeling that you're watching a real life story play out.  One of my favorite movies, and when I started watching it, I didn't even think I'd like it. Give it a try!
 For me as well, this was a random movie choice on Netflix. I can honestly say this is now in my top 5 favorite movies! I went through just about every emotion possible while watching this movie. The leads are amazing! It starts out a little slow, but it doesn't take long for the actors and the story line to just suck you in. It is an incredibly heartfelt movie and love story with a great message! I would highly recommend this movie to everyone! It's inspirational. And I will be buying it.
 What a wonderful movie. Eye opening would be another word to describe this movie. I have a son that is deaf and I could definatly relate to this. I think anyone who has a child or knows any one that is deaf should see this movie.
 The kind of love that everyone should experience at least once but most never do...  A must see film.
 I loved the movie because it was very decent. In a day when you cannot watch a movie, even a romantic film without there being indecency it was pretty decent. I loved the movie because Danny was very selfless in his love for Sam and they were very committed to one another. I loved that he was very respectful towards her and that he lived life to the fullest. He did not take anything for granted and he never complained. He was very grateful for what he had. And the world was a better place because of him. He influenced so many people- even his boss quit drinking and he was an inspiration. He taught Sam to be independent and to grow up which she needed to do. Her mother was very controlling, maybe as a result of overcompensating for the loss of Sam's dad. But it was not a healthy love. The way Danny loved Sam allowed her to become all that she could be and to live to her fullest potential. It even reminded me of how Christ loved the church and gave Himself for it so that we can become all that we can be.
 I started a new college degree plan with ASL(American Sign Language). I originally saw this movie on Lifetime movie network. I loved it on there, so I wanted the dvd, so I could watch it whenever I wanted to, and now I've seen about 4 times since I got the dvd.
 Though Marengo does not have thousands of titles available, that is what makes them unique.  Each title can have more attention devoted to it and time to find the best elements.  Though this was an early (pre equipment upgrade at Marengo) offering, it is well noted that this copy of "Attack of the Giant Leeches is the best print available on DVD!  It was the first time I was able to see what was happening in dark scenes and the rest is crisp.  Marengo has several horror titles available and many other genera with more on the way - most all double feature at bargain prices without the bargain quality.  As for "A Bucket of Blood", it does have some early splices but again, overall the element was clean and crisp.  A great addition for those who do not have either title.
 When I saw Roger Corman as the executive producer, I had to see this. The movie had his fingerprints all over it. A great cheesy production with drama, poachers, infidelity, jazz records, fat hicks, dashing leading men, and of course giant leeches. Yvette Vickers stars once again as a sleazy woman who likes to dress scantily in front of her husband's buddies and listen to loud jazz. Of course Yvette and her swamp lover Michael Emmet can't run faster than the obese Bruno VeSota can walk. Ken Clark plays the game warden who answers his door exposing his blond hairy chest. The leeches look like men in cheap rubber suits. They keep their prey alive in a cavern and suck blood from them from time to time.  Bad acting and bad script. Great entertainment.
 Actually, this is a pretty good movie...as far as bad movies go.  The primary lead, Ken Clark, had one of the better rolls in South Pacific.  He was also in a few Alfred Hitchcock Presents episodes.  It is funny to know the actors from one roll then see them in a totally different setting.  I kept expecting him to start singing "There is Nothing Like A Dame but he never did.  And the giant leeches are hilarious, like most of the sea monsters of this era...just guys in funny suits.  And it shows.  So have a couple of beers and enjoy the giant leeches led by Stewpot from South Pacific, surrounded by Californians trying to act Southern and doing a bad job of it.
 One of the most funny movies ever. Every time you watch it, you find new things to enjoy. John Cleese is excellent as the typical English lawyer, who is dying to break out of harness of Englishness, Jamie Lee Curtis is the most sexy gangster girl ever and Kevin Kline is the most cliche American hitman you can imagine. There are numberous brilliant and classic scenes, varying from John Cleese who is being disturbed while stripping and spreaking Russianby the new owners of a house he has hired from a friend to Jamie Lee Curtis explaining to the ultra-stupid Kevin Kline that the London Underground is NOT a political movement. And you also learn how to torture a person using only French fries and a pear. So watch it, enjoy it and laugh yourself to pieces.
 This is by far the funniest movie I've ever seen. If you don't find this  movie to be  sinfully funny  you don't have a sense of  humor! Kevin Kline pulled off one of the greatest movie performances of  all-time. He definately deserved his Oscar award for his role as   Don't Call Me Stupid  Otto. John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis  &amp; Michael Palin were magnificent. Even animal lovers will laugh  hysterically at Palin's attempts to  rub out  Cleese's  witness! This movie had so many great zingers (i.e.  I killed for  the C.I.A.!), you'll find yourself laughing 10 years from now just thinking  about  Wanda . If you haven't seen it yet....what are you  waiting for?
 John Cleese was not my favorite member of Monty Python, but he certainly has done the best work since. His wit and slapstick made Faulty Towers a must have. With  Fish  he showed Hollywood he could transfer that  brilliance to the big screen. Cleese stays in the background in this one  allowing most of the big laughs to go to Kline and Palin. There is enough  here for everyone with some slapstick , romantic comedy, and politically  incorectness thrown into this  who gets the girl, who gets the  loot  farce.  Oh, by the way, watching Jamie Lee get all warm and  fuzzy a couple times doesn't hurt none either 
 I laughed until I almost fell out my seat. Its fun to watch a movie when you know the actors are having a good time making a picture. If nothing else watch Kevin Kline in his Academy award winning role that he deserved  hands down.
 This classic 1988 British comedy, which was written by and stars John Cleese (Fawlty Towers, Monty Python), has got to be one of the funniest films of all time, and it is certainly one of my favourites.   Briefly, the story involves four criminals who steal a fortune in diamonds.  One ends up in prison (having been ratted on by two of his not-so-loyal mates); ironically, just prior to his arrest he had secretly taken the jewels and rehidden them.  So the film revolves around the attempts of the others to discover the location of the jewels.   The plot is indeed a good one, but what really makes this film exceptional and so hilarious is the colourful cast of characters and the splendid performances of all involved.  There simply isn't one weak performance here.   The central character is a beautiful and spirited American woman named Wanda (Jamie Lee Curtis), the lone female in the gang and the only intelligent one of the lot.  Wanda's one weakness, however, is her penchant for hearing foreign languages--it's something that really turns her on!  This makes for much hilarity between her and her fellow gangster, Otto (whom Wanda has been trying to pass off as her brother), as Otto rattles off every known Italian food dish, type of cheese, and so on, in his attempts to seduce Wanda.  Otto (Kevin Kline), by the way, is a highly paranoid, Nietzsche-reading yet empty-headed, Anglophobic, trigger-happy lunatic who thinks he's an intellectual and enjoys sniffing his armpits.  He's a flamboyant personality to say the least, and one which Kline manages to carry off wonderfully--I simply cannot imagine anyone doing a better job.  These two are the real powerhouses of the gang.   Then there's poor Ken (Michael Palin (Monty Python)), who's an avid animal lover--a fact which provides the basis for some extremely funny scenes.  He's a humorously pathetic character--a little bit on the simple side with the worst stammer ever, and if  there's a show-stealer (and I say "if for they're all so good), for me it's Ken.  He's simply hilarious, and the interplay between him and the nasty Otto is simply priceless.  (It's a bit like watching a cat relentlessly toying with a poor, helpless little mouse).  Lastly, one mustn't forget John Cleese, who portrays Archie, the rather reserved barrister representing George, the incarcerated gang member, and who, I just have to add, has Wanda in a fit of ecstasy (unbeknownst to himself) in one hilarious scene when he starts spouting Russian.   In conclusion, the film (which has a running time of 108 minutes) is definitely a must-see for fans of British comedy or, for that matter, for anyone looking for a thoroughly entertaining not to mention hilarious film.  I've seen it a number of times and certainly don't regret purchasing it.  It's definitely one to watch and rewatch.  And if you've enjoyed the film, by all means check out Fawlty Towers (also co-written by and starring John Cleese and also featuring an abundance of visual humour).  You'll not regret it--it's simply one of the funniest shows ever made.  And so is this film! Very highly recommended!
 This is serious comedy, that grows on you, but is well off the edge of seriousness.  Kevin Kline, as Jamie Lee Curtis' lover, clearly relishes his role as a faux incestuous paranoid.  A diamond heist is what brings this cast of misfits together in a plot that gets zanier as it develops.  As they each try to out fox the other, a romantic quadrangle develops that ends with an unexpected twist. That's all I can comprehend of this movie in an orderly and coherent fashion.  I love this movie and wish I had the words to say why, but I don't. Five stars!
 I got into Monty Python sometime around last year. I became sort of obsessed and I plan to someday see every movie and book that any of them made. A Fish Called Wanda was one of the movies I had to see. We rented it and I must have watched it 4 times in the first week of having it! Michael has always been one of  my favorite Pythons, but I knew John first because of Fawlty Towers that I watched with my sister on Comedy Central. Apart from the Monty Python movies, this has to be my favorite! I think they all did a great job on it! Next to see
 I've loved this movie for years.  It always cheers me up.  Kevin Kline won a best supporting oscar for this movie.  He is a psuedo intellectual who is jealous of Jamie Lee Curtis's characters crush on John Cleese. Between Kline driving on the wrong side of the road and being a complete idiot.  You will soon discover why this movie is a gem.  Kim Rivest
 A great and funny film.....had to have the latest version and all the extras.  Great fun and classic film comedy.
 Here is a movie that entertains as a movie should instead of  instilling messages
 I am one of those who HATED the whole late night British invasion of late 70s TV, led by Benny Hill and of course Monty Python's Flying Circus. It was inane and droll. Even after a nearly a century, Charlie Chaplin is still cutting edge as far as British humor goes. That's what makes this movie such a delightful surprise. Just like in ARTHUR, British humor is fully realized when Americanized--just like Black humor is best when written by Jews--- and this, combined with John Cleeves's finsest hour, makes this a comedic classic that can go yuk for yuk with any flick!
 This review refers to the 1998 DVD edition of "A Fish Called Wanda"(MGM)  "A Fish Called Wanda is a fabulous romp with a group of jewel thieves, of which the term "honor among thieves has no meaning! At every turn, they are scheming and manipulating the events, as each wants the loot for themselves. The most scheming and manipulating of all is the lone woman of the bunch, who is also the weak spot for all the fellows. Wanda, played impeccably by Jaime Lee Curtis, has these guys falling over themselves trying to get the loot and the girl! Kevin Kline, John Cleese(who also penned the screenplay)and Michael Palin, will have you in stitches with each and every view. Every time I view it I see or hear some little detail or subtlety I didnt get previously.  Nearly 20 years later(yes fans, it's been that long), this film has not lost one bit of it's appeal for those of us that like our humor a little on the bawdy side(Although all in good fun).  But!...Give me a break MGM. This DVD is quite shabby considering the loyal fans this film has.This DVD does have a couple of things going for it. It has the choice of widescreen viewing or standard, has English, and French subtitles, for those who may need them, and includes a booklet with production notes and trivia. Also, the menu page was cute. If you click on the little treasure chest in the aquarium, the screen becomes just the "Wanda fish swimming around with sound effects. However... as another reviewer mentioned the picture is below average. It does not live up to the reason why we don't mind paying a little extra for a DVD vs a VHS. The sound is in MONO..what's up with that? This film is deserving of at least stereo sound.  And as usual, after all of us have already purchased this now classic comedy, MGM is coming up with a new "Deluxe edition, that is more along the lines of what is expected of a DVD.(Talk about double dipping!)It is a 2 disc edition and shows these features
 The movie is in great shape, and the extras are worth the money.  The cast interviews were quite revealing.  Jamie Lee tells who she thinks the best kisser was among Kline, Palin, and Cleese. And you find out if Cleese really was hung out a window or if it was just special effects.  Cleese's running commentary was worth sitting through, even for me, and I usually hate those things.  The deleted scenes weren't very interesting--just shots, really, not even full scenes.  Overall, though, I'm very glad I bought it!
 Classic comedy indeed,starring John Cleese,Jamie Lee Curtis,Michael Palin,and Kevin Kline in a Oscar winning role!!! This great 2-DVD set has a great transfer of the film and a fishbowl(pun intended)of great extras that this classic comedy deserves,it blows the original DVD release out of the water(again pun inteneded)!!! If you like this great comedy gem,then this 2 DVD set is the way to go!!! Very recommended!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
 Michael Palin is the anti-PC, stuttering, animal rights activist, thief, and doggie hitman. Jamie Lee Curtis is sexy (of course), devious, loveable, and a manipulation mastermind. John Cleese is, well, John Cleese. Kevin Kline won an Oscar for his work as a philosophy-reading/mangling, live-fish-eating, ex-CIA thug named Otto. There's a plot involving stolen diamonds and plane tickets to Rio, but, really -- who cares? The joy is in watching four brilliant comic actors, who all obviously enjoy working with one another. The joy, and the laughs, are infectious. Quite simply, "A Fish Called Wanda is the funniest movie of the last 25 years.
 When I saw A FISH CALLED WANDA in the theater back in the late '80s, the only thing that prevented me from staying for another viewing was the ache in my gut from laughing so hard. So, the next day, I coughed up another $4.00(!) just to see it again (remember when going to the movies didn't cost a friggin fortune?). Having this dvd permits me to laugh whenever I'm down or grumpy. Cleese, Curtis, Kline and Palin (with the world's funniest hair-do ever) just worked so well together. The direction was well-paced considering the several subplots. And the transfer from video to dvd is crisp and clear. I know everyone else (with any sense of humor) reviewing this movie is lavishing the same praise but I don't mind repeating them. This is a band wagon worth jumping on.
 Excellent comedies that really work are so very few and far between, but this beauty ranks among the best ever!  Never before has John Cleese thrown so much humanity into a character; when he's smitten with Jamie Lee Curtis'  character, he is absolutely head over heels in love, and it shows, and even  more, it's believable!  His character goes through and exhibits the full  range of human emotions, and Cleese pulls it off masterfully.  Kevin Kline  is at the top of his game in this one--never again will I ever call anyone   stupid,  lest they react like Kline's character does!  Really  one of this country's most under-rated actors (despite the Best Supporting  Actor Oscar for this movie).  And not to be left out, Jamie Lee Curtis and  Michael Palin are SO perfect for their roles--what a riot!  Palin's  character in particular is a real study in bodily disintegration!  No  offense to dog lovers, but Palin's reaction to his attempts at knocking-off  the elderly witness that actually results in the reduction of her band of  pets is comedy at it's finest!  Hilarious and touching all at the same  time, Wanda is a rare gem among recent movies; excellent cast, great  characters, hilarious story line, and dead-on dialogue.  You'll be  snickering long after it's over.  And never again will you look at  fishtanks, fish and chips, or old ladies out walking their little dogs, the  same!  Watch it and you'll completely understand!
 I don't know a funnier movie, and certainly no other one that gets better after the fifth time. Kevin Kline is the greatest, I didn't even know him as a clown before. From John Cleese we wouldn't have expected anything else. Don't forget Wanda, of course. I mean the fish. Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis are an American gangster couple in London, who are involved in a heist gone sour and who try to enlist Cleese, who is the usual half witted upper class Englishman, here a barrister, in salvaging what they can from the logistical disaster. Cleese falls in love with Curtis and gets in trouble with his family, predictably. Michael Palin is also there, a linguistically challenged minor gangster, best as dog hitman, but also great with French fries, known as chips. Otto is Italian, it means eight. Says Kline.
 I am delighted to say that I, also, got an accidental copy of the Deluxe Edition before the release date was pushed back.  I am even more delighted to say that "A Fish Called Wanda has finally gotten the special attention it so greatly deserves.  A masterpiece of hilarity, "Fish is one of the rare films that managed to be wonderfully mean spirited (in the best way possible), truly subversive for a mainstream movie, and utterly hysterical.  The fact that it was a commerical success amazes me to this day.  Add to that, an Oscar for Kevin Kline--and I have to confess that Hollywood sometimes gets it right.  If you haven't seen the film in a while, you're in for a treat.  It's as good as you remember--smart and clever--it takes it's comedy seriously.  It's fast, furious and takes no prisoners.  And it never dumbs itself down like so many "comedies".  John Cleese is awesome in his best leading performance.  Michael Palin takes a character that would be a PC nightmare in the age of family-friendly homogenization and mines comic gold.  Kevin Kline--let's just say the Academy Award says everything it needs to.  And Jamie Lee Curtis is brilliant.  She is so underrated as an actress, but every few years connects so vividly--"Fish", "True Lies and "Freaky Friday most noticably.  You know any commentary by Cleese is going to be a winner.  Add the deleted scenes, featurettes, and other Cleese clips--and this is a tremendous find for fans of the movie.  I just hope you enjoy it as much as I did!  KGHarris, 9/06.
 I didn't think that I was going to adore this movie as much as I do; don't really know why, but my expectations were rather low.  I know, Kline had won the Oscar and so maybe that should have sparked a little more interest, or at least faith in me, but I still saw this as a movie I was going to be mildly enthused about at best.  I was so wrong, for as the film started rapidly drawing to a close I found myself uttering aloud "this movie is outrageous and I meant that in a wildly good way.  The film tells the story of American jewel thief Wanda who uses her charm to seduce men whom she needs in order to get her hands on some very valuable diamonds.  Her lover Georges and his stuttering companion Ken help Wanda steal the jewels with the aid of Otto, another man whom Wanda has seduced and is passing off as her brother.  She has deceived each man into believing that her intentions are to share the jewels with them, when her intention is to take them for herself.  When Georges is captured by the police after moving the diamonds away from their initial hiding place Wanda begins to set her charms on Archie Leach, Georges barrister, hoping to find out the new location of the diamonds.  All the while she continues to string along each individual man, adding layer upon layer of lies to keep them pacified until she has all her ducks in a row so-to-speak.  But nothing ever works out as expected.  The film is hilarious from start to finish, a complete laugh-riot, and the performances by the entire cast are Oscar worthy.  Jamie Lee Curtis is adorable here, delivering what may be her finest performance ever.  She is sly, conniving, sexy and charming; never allowing her characters tricks to overshadow her performance but always playing to her strengths and delivering a brilliantly crafted comedic performance.  Michael Palin is also rather great as Ken, and Maria Aitken has a very memorable supporting role as Archie's wife Wendy.  John Cleese is golden as Archie, the lovelorn barrister who falls for Wanda's undeniable charm; but it is Kevin Kline (Oscar winner Kevin Kline) who steals this movie with his comedic delivery.  He is one-hundred percent on the top of his game here, delivering a strangely perverse yet fully fleshed out character who is unforgettable to say the least.  Oh yeah, and he is so the leading male character here, regardless of whose name gets top billing.  `A Fish Called Wanda' is, without doubt, one of the best films of 1988, and it is seriously one of the greatest comedies I have seen in a long time.  It hits every mark beautifully and creates an eclectic cast of characters who all feel real and all feel complete.  Oscar hit a high note when crowning Kline an Oscar winner; it's just too bad it was in the wrong category.
 A wicked Ealing Comedy about twenty-five years after producer Michael Balcom stopped making them, "Wanda is the inspired brainchild of John Cleese and director Charles Crichton (who directed such Ealing classics as "The Lavendar Hill Mob"). One part caper, one part sexy romance, two parts farce, three parts black humor, and altogether delightful. Even the actors with the smallest roles are hilarious, and the four principals--Cleese and Palin (the Brits), Curtis and Kline (the Yanks)--are gloriously funny. The Deluxe Edition is brimming with outtakes, commentary, and all that's needed to justify the price. But remember
 This is an absolutely wonderful wacky movie, one of the funniest movies of the 1980s. It all has to do with a jewell heist and then some double crossings among the thieves, with a barrister (John Cleese)(it takes place in London) getting involved. The characters are what make the movie
 funniest movie ever! from ken's stutter to wanda's foreign language fetish to otto's bad driving, this movie would make anyone laugh (except maybe  poodle lovers)!
 Hard to believe it was nearly 20 years ago, but it is great to see "A Fish Called Wanda finally being given the attention it deserves.  This was Cleese and Palin at their best, with fine performances from Kevin Kline and Jamie Lee Curtis, in this hilarious romp.  Kline is a veritable chameleon, able to turn in unique performances in one movie after another, but he never played someone quite like Otto.  He and Palin had so many memorable moments together, not least of all the closing scene.  This movie will leave you in stitches.
 I just watched it again after many years and I still love it, which means its a classic as it stands the test of time.  Highly recommended with people with a senses of humor...
 A ordered the 2-Disc Collector's Edition of A Fish Called Wanda.  What a hoot!  I had a movie night with my husband, best friend and her husband (we had seen the movie together when it was first released) and our daughters in their late teens.  We all laughed out loud!  Jamie Lee Curtis is gorgeous, Kevin Kline is hysterical and John Cleese is just lovable.  The quality was very good.  I did not experience any problems at all with sound as a couple of people posted.  This I believe was the most recent re-release of the DVD.  I could have skipped the 2nd collector's DVD in the pack.  Some of it was entertaining, but very slow to watch.  Can't see that I would care to watch that part of it again.  I'm very happy to have the movie as part of my collection.  Absolutely recommend!
 This is a great set of CD's. The disc describing the making of the movie is as amuzing as the movie itself.  The story line of the movie is a typical example of English odd ball humor. No Amercan writer could have possibly invented it.  Not many comedies can be viewed more than once but this one will make you laugh no matter how many times you view it.
 For the fan of classic Cleese, you will not be disappointed.  This movie is blessed with a spectacular cast and a superb script.  The comic timing and sheer talent of the cast, make this one of the most enjoyable movies I've ever watched.  There are so many memorable scenes in this movie, it is difficult to describe without resorting to spoilers.  One thing I will say, however, is that this film has made an indellible impact on my family.  Hardly a family gathering will go by, without someone saying, "Oh do shut up, Porche!  Some of the most hilarious scenes, in my opinion, are between Otto (Kevin Kline) and Ken (Micheal Palin).  Strangely, even though the character's are supposed to be a band of thieves, you can't help but almost root for this gang of underdogs.  Speaking of Dogs, some of the scenes may not appeal to animal lovers.  However, these scenes are handled in a fairly cartoonish and very "Monty Python fashion, so I don't think they will insult the sensibilities of most viewers.  This movie was given an R rating, mostly for dialog and a brief view of Cleese's buttocks, but I doubt that it would even receive a PG-13 rating now.  While it is not a movie I'd recommend for young children, as the humor is likely to be over their heads, I recommend this as one of the funniest movies I've seen in the last 15 years!
 A great movie with a fabulous cast.  Super-funny and never lets up with the humor.  I enjoy watching again and again.
 True to form, the cast of characters in this film deliver a hilarious performance.  A great 'pick-me-up' when you need to be entertained.  John, Jamie, and Kevin play very well off of each other.  I would love to see them do something together again.
 "A Fish Called Wanda is a hilarious comedy which brings out some of the cardinal vices in people including avarice, murder, lust, envy, greed and revenge. The cast is excellent and the movie is fun throughout.  The story starts with four people engaged in a jewellery robbery. The four, George (Tom Georgeson), sexy Wanda (Jamie Leigh Curtis), the stammering animal loving hit man Ken (Michael Palin) and Wanda's brother Otto (Kevin Kline) all want the loot for themselves. From this, an excellent plot is woven into a brilliant and exceptional comedy that is among my favourites of all time.  George finds himself in prison, betrayed by his accomplices. The conservative lawyer, Archie Leach (John Cleese) has the duty to defend George. However, he is mesmerised and seduced by Wanda, resulting in him compromising his professionalism and getting deeply mired in the mess.  When you are feeling down and need something to uplift or cheer you up, this DVD will do the trick.
 This is a heart-warming piece of gem and still is today with memorable and outrageous performances by all the characters in the film. The film has all the makings of an unforgettable comedy classic
 This is an hilarious motion picture.  The cast is marvelous.  Jamie Lee Curtis is outstanding, as is Kevin Kline.  John Cleese does a masterful job as a stuffy, English barrister.  He also wrote the screenplay.  The plot is great and the entire movie is full of hilarious scenes.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
 This is one of the funniest movies of the eighties and it is the last true hurrah for Monty Python.  John Cleese (who must have been about fifty at the time) wrote the script himself.  It is filled with great little catch-phrases
 This DVD is a must-have if you're a Monty Python fan.  I loved this move when it came out at the cinema years ago.  This movie is clever and hilarious.  John Cleese is at his best, as is Kevin Kline.  I've never gotten tired of this movie, and it never fails to get me laughing out-loud.  Wish more were like this one, and I'm glad it's on a DVD.
 I still cackle every time I watch  Wanda  with its screwball story, its zany characters and its funny one-liners that get me every time.  The ensemble cast is tremendous, with Kevin Kline in his all time film role (and OScar winner) as Otto, while Jamie Lee Curtis proves her own comedic mettle in her scene-chewing moments with Cleese and Palin.  The dialogue is simply hysterical, and still likeable, which I think is truly rare in a film.  Without all that much gimmickry, the cast and plot work without a hitch (or rather, with so many hitches, your head'll be swimming with possibilities!)  But certain scenes are standouts - the dropping pianos, the language fetishes, and especially the interplay between Kline and Palin, who lash out at each other in unpredictable, pure comedy heaven moments!  You're guaranteed to love this  Wanda-r  - she's something else!
 A Fish Called Wanda may be crude, but it is really a romantic comedy in the old fashioned sense of the word. It contains all the neccesary romance elements
 This movie is absolutely, positively deserving of a double-dip. The first disc that came out was not only non-anamorphic, it was pan & scan. The movie should have never been released in that format to begin with.
 This DVD was supposed to be released yesterday, August 1, 2006, but all of a sudden it's been pulled. No explanation for what happened. You can't order it, preorder it, nothing. I've been looking forward to the release of this movie, one of the all-time great comedies, with the fantastic attendant extras, for months now, but for some reason nothing happened. I hope it's not yet another case of a brilliant but temperamental artist losing his nerve at the last minute and holding this thing up just to be contrary. Damn geniuses . . .
 I seen this when it first came out in the theaters and I was laughing so much,tears were running down my face.The great thing about this movie and so many like it,is that it still holds up.It's not dated.Great writing,pacing and directing throughout..Wonderful cast...It's got a little bit of Python thrown in as well...How can you go wrong? You can't! I'm looking forward to the all of the extras,too...This is Cleese's finest hour,since leaving Python and Fawlty Towers....BUY THIS!!!
 Mr. Kline is a great actor in everything he is in and he's in this with Michael Palin and Jamie Lee Curtis. "A Fish Called Wanda is very good. I can't really think of much to say about this movie, but just that it's cool. That's all I can really say to describe this movie. It is not boring, or anything either. You will be entertained the whole time!
 What can I say this is a very funny film.  Don't waste time reading about it.  Buy or rent it and watch it.  You will not be disappointed.
 These four actors have such a great chemistry.  I also have Fierce Creatures which I love.  I wish they would make more movies together.
 I  just loved this movie.  I watch it over again every so often and I laugh almost as hard as the first time I saw it.  I have bought copies of it for my son and my granddaughter.  It is a really funny English comedy
 Featuring two of the cast members of Monty Python, this movie is bound to be a delight.  The lineup of Cleese, Palin, Kline, and Curtis make for a delightful couple of hours as they romp through this zany, somewhat vulgar, and hilarious plot.
 Because of "A Fish Called Wanda I collapsed into laughter whenever I saw anyone walking three dogs. Many years later I still note a dog walker of any gender or quantity and smile. Because of this movie, whenever I walk down an airport concourse and glance out to see a tarmac with equipment, I start to grin. Lord know what Homeland Security reads into this! There are scenes that I fear are etched into my psyche forever. An perfectly trivial apology brings an image of someone dangling out of a window. Sturdy french fries on a plate - well, let's not go there. I was sure I had this, albeit VHS. I AM sure I have it. Somewhere. But a recent down day called for Chicken Soup for the Soul - and "A Fish... absolutely fits. Alas!!! I couldn't find it!! It was like not having aspirin in the medicine cabinet. I must buy the DVD. I don't want to get caught without it again.
 So often when I go back and watch again a movie that I enjoyed long ago I find that it doesn't seem so good anymore.  But this movie is still hysterical!  Kevin Kline, in particular, is an absolute riot, but John Cleese and Jamie Lee Curtis are both great, too.  If you are in the mood for some wild, silly humor, you could hardly do better than this.
 Saw this movie years ago, and decided to have it for my collection. It's still a great movie.  John Cleese and Kevin Kline are geniuses.
 This film "A FISH CALLED WANDA' is a must have. It is funny, smart. I have only had this copy for a ashort time and have viewed it twice.
 "A Fish Called Wanda is considered a classic British comedy with American stars like Jamie Lee Curtis and Kevin Kline as Wanda and Otto, two American con-artists, along with British actors and Monty Python alums, John Cleese, and Michael Palin. Cleese played British barrister, Archie Leach, who is enticed by Wanda Gurwitz. Wanda and Otto have even their partners conned into thinking that they're brother and sister as well. Michael Palin played stuttering Ken whose main mission is to off Ms. Coady played by the wonderful actress, Patricia Hayes. The film was written, produced, and co-directed by John Cleese and the late Charles Crichton.  Anyway, the cast is first rate and the writing as well. The direction is brilliant. Of course, BAFTAs went to John Cleese (lead actor) and Michael Palin (supporting actor) and an Academy Award for Actor in a Supporting Role to Kevin Kline's unforgettable performance as Otto. In my opinion, Kline steals the film most of the time but they're all scene stealers. Kline's Otto believes he's smarter than everybody else especially the British. Jamie Lee Curtis is also unforgettable and believable as the woman who is crossing everybody else in the film for the jewels.  The first CD is the film. The second CD is the special features which include the making of the film; a message from John Cleese when the film was released; Robert Powell exploring the locations where the film was shot; the inception and completion of the film; alternate and deleted scenes with John Cleese pointing them out. I would have liked to have seen the Academy Awards clips when Kevin Kline won and accepted his award.
 I first watched "A Fish Called Wanda in about 1990 on a VHS tape. A lady friend at the time said is was very funny and I was sure to like it. Well, I think that set up some resistance and it took about a third of the movie to finally win me over. But win me over, it did. What an astonishing and absurd comedy! John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis and all of the supporting cast are wonderful. The writing is exceptionally good. It's a fun movie to watch in a rich subtle way and the laughs are plentiful and deep in the old British comedy tradition.  My wife and I now have the DVD and we've watched it twice and enjoyed it both times. This movie is amazing. Watch it and enjoy. When the memory somewhat fades, watch it again. It's a movie that can be repeated over and over.  Gary Peterson
 I love this movie and as far as comedies go its a 10 out of 10 . Kevin Kline is fantastic and I dont think that this movie would be near as good without him . Kline really does steel the show but others such as Curtis , Cleese , and Palin are good also . I laughed from start to finish .
 The best Monty Pyhton film that the group did not make.  You should watch this film just for Kevin Kline's Oscar-winning performance.  This a comedy classic!
 This film has a great team of actors that will turn up again in the film "Fierce Creatures.  Three professional criminals including Georges (Tom Georgeson) set out to steel some diamonds. They need a fourth person with martial or weapons skills. This person Otto (Kevin Kline) is Wanda's (Jamie Lee Curtis) supposed brother.  Each criminal then covets the pilfered plunder individually. Wanda has the upper hand until the diamonds are not where they are supposed to be.  The only way to obtain their location is for Wanda to rub up against Georges' barrister, Archie Leach (John Cleese.) This close encounter irks Otto. This creates a pericoloso situation.  Will the diamonds be found and by whom?  The character interaction and one-liners make the movie.  <a href="http
 One of the funniest movies ever made, and a must-have for any fan of Cleese, Palin, Curtis, or Kline.  How many comedies do you know that win the best-actor Oscar?
 The Bottom Line
 Monty Python's John Cleese once again offers up a spectacular example of what makes him such a revered comedic force.  Written by Cleese and set in London, this comedy has the drama of a bank robbery and subsequent legal proceedings and a romantic twist.  Yet, this is not a "chick flick by any means.  Cleese's Monty Python buddy Michael Palin delivers a stellar performance as the stuttering hold-up sidekick, as JC plays the barrister (defense lawyer) for the man who organized the robbery.  Again...since Cleese wrote it and sets it in London, there are only 2 American main characters (which in typical British form) Cleese busts on by giving them playfully negative American stereotypes
 The characters in this film are despicable, back-stabbing, liars.  One is a manipulative vixen who'll use sex to get what she wants.  One is a hit-man who loves animals but is perfectly willing to kill an old lady.  One is the ultimate "ugly American who is ultra-"stupid", vulgar, and in love with himself.  Finally, there is the respectable British lawyer who takes all but 2 seconds to decide to throw away his marriage and go after the young temptress.  Oh, by the way, I absolutely love this movie.  Kevin Kline incredibly, manages to steal the comic thunder from the two veteran Monty Python players.  It's really too bad that they never made another movie with Kline's Otto character.
 This movie is a flawlesly funny film. Kevin Kline is drop to the floor hilarious in this movie. It is a well written, well acted movie that is as funny the 30th time around as it was the first time. One of the all time great comedies.
 This film is just another example why that small island off the coast of Europe is one of the top producers of some great understated humor! Top marks around for all hands!
 This film is a piece of art. Every time I see it I find something new to laugh at.  This is not a Monty Python film, even if both John Cleese and Micahel Palin act in it.  The first time I saw it I was disappointed
 John Cleese a veteran of that famous ensemble , Kevin Kline who won an academy Award by this role and Jamie Lee Curtis star possibly one of the top comedies of that decade (together with Buffet froid and Consuming passions) with irreverent doses of black humour and unexpected situations. You are forewarned about Wanda who has something under his hat that eventually can offend you.
 Filmaking is alive and well in modern Israel. This is a lively, chaotic and totally charming story of the rough and seedy side of Tel Aviv, where illegal immigrants are exploited for their labor by Shimi, a tough capitalist with a heart of gold. There are many pungent personalities, family conflicts, and a moral challenge to the protagonist, who learns to sell out his spiritual quest for a quick buck - at least for a while. A very Israeli take on itself, where everyone is always striving to capture some small advantage however they can. The acting is uniformly superb. Very funny and teaches more about contemporary Israel than fifty books about the Palestine conflict.  Highly recommended.
 There are many of us who believe we are put on this earth to learn and to progress - this is a story of a young pastor sent on a pilgrimage who encounters some unexpected twists in his journey. At first, he takes them at face value - but the he learns how he can turn the situation to his advantage. He doesn't *quite* compromise his ethics but he comes close - and he realizes in the end that there are far more important things than the rewards that progress in a capitalist system can bring.
 i really enjoyed this movie. it is allegorical and deals with the problems in serving both god and money. it is brilliant and beautiful and well made and well thought-out. u will be enlightened. truly brilliant adaption of an important theme and quintissential ideas.
 With a soundtrack featuring music by Ehud Banai, Gil Smetana, and Noam Halevi, Mr. Alexandrowicz, who is known for his documentary, THE INNER TOUR, has recruited Siyabonga Melongisi Shibe and Hugh Masebenza from South Africa, to tell a witty story of NOT BEING A FRIAR/FRYER in Israel; the worst of fates.  A generation ago, a film based on Ephraim Kishon's SALLAH character, told the story of a Mizrahi Jewish immigrant to Israel who took the worst jobs and poked fun at Israeli society and the JNF.  It is now the turn of these guest workers to do the same thing.  And in this story, Sallah is now an old, fully absorbed, retired man, who can now take advantage of the people on the lowest immigration rung.  In this story, JAMES arrives at Ben Gurion Airport in Israel.. He is making pilgrimage to the Holy Land for his fictional township, Entshongweniin, in Africa, where he will become a spiritual leader upon his return.  They think of Israel as the biblical place.  He is immediately arrested as a presumed illegal worker (Actually, when one of the actor sarrived from South Africa to perform in the film, he was arrested and held at the Ben Gurion airport, assumed to be not a tourist but an illegal worker. He had to be bailed out.)  In the film, he prays for deliverance and gets miraculously bailed out; and his adventures as a indebted segregated worker and cleaner begin.  Will he ever make it to Jerusalem?  Or will he stay on the coastal plain to make more $$?  Will his pastor take advantage of him?  Or will he take advantage of others?  Will his dashiki win out over a nice polo shirt and khakis?  Will Shimi's father, Sallah, sell out to real estate interests?
 My copy DOES have the full-screen/wide-screen options and both are working fine - wish all dvd's had this choice.  Two great movies, if you enjoy thrillers, at a great price!
 I will only review one of the films
 I was very impressed with this movie.  The movie is deftly nuanced & paced with the personal & historical details.  It's a challenge to present such a significant topic, but Oliver Stone succeeds in peopling & scripting this movie with believable characters which i think is harder to do when portraying real life contemporary persons.  Plus the selections of events both big & small fit well to make the whole story understandable.  It would have been easy to get lost in either the personal or political events but again the editing & pacing is perfect here in presenting a coherent & entertaining film.  And at the center is a tour de force portrayal by Josh Brolin who here is plays George W. as a believable man, neither shrill nor wooden.  It's a rich & balanced film, with humor & reverence that makes me want to watch it repeatedly to catch all the details.
 I found the movie quite accurate in a macro sense.  All of the things depicted and the things said were actually done and said, but not necessarily in the specific context and order of the movie.  It's macro-accurate but micro-inaccurate.
 Oliver Stone's latest film, W. is one that will, not surprisingly, attract a lot of controversy. How you feel about it will likely depend on your political views. Me, well, I'm a total flaming liberal, and I found the movie... enjoyable. Great, but not perfect.  The movie might as well be called "George W Lives in His Daddy's Shadow", since most of the movie centers around the feelings of inadequacy that young W feels. We see him going through hazing at his fraternity, running for office in Texas (and having the Democratic candidate to him what he would go on to do to others so very well), and eventually see him getting to the White House.  One at the White House much of the story centers around the lead up to the Iraq War. We get glimpses back to the early 1990's showing why the first President Bush didn't go all the way to Baghdad, we see George Tennant (played by the wonderful Bruce McGill, who could also play a dandy Bill Richardson), trying to explain, repeatedly, that there's no evidence of nukes in Iraq, and we see Cheney's master plan for the USA to control as much of the world's oil as we can.  Josh Brolin is really excellent as W. He doesn't have the look, but rather like Anthony Hopkins in one of Oliver Stone's other, better films, Nixon, he does capture the body language and the voice of Bush 43. Other notable performances are Jeffery Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfus as Dick Cheney and, in one of his better performances, James Cromwell as Bush 41.  The movie lags at parts and frankly I would've liked to have seen more about Bush as President than Bush as booze-hound or Bush as born again Christian. Still and all, it was a decent enough film and worth seeing, if for no other reason than my favorite line from the film where Bush Sr tells W something along the lines of, "You can't spend your life drinking, partying and chasing women! You're not a Kennedy, for God's sake!  And he's right. George W Bush is many, many things, but he's certainly no Kennedy.
 Josh Brolin, of all people, did a spectacular job of playing George W. Bush for starters. Lots of conjecture here, but it's a damn fine flick as to covering the life of George "W to say the least.  Shows his father as a person who looked down on his oldest son with no respect or god forbid build his son up with a compliment... Appears to me that Jeb Bush was to be the chosen one.....  George Sr. comes across as thin skinned in a big way.....  Very, very interesting movie, whether you're a liberal or a conservative. My wife and I originally saw this at the movies....
 I came to Oliver Stones "W with any number of preconceptions, many of them not helped by an early trailer which made the entire exercise look like a parody of the man and his presidency; and while it's true, the film does contain satirical elements, I didn't consider them to be at the man's expense. True, the notorious pretzel incident is re-enacted; yes, we are treated to the sight of a tipsy Bush dancing on a bar and, yes, the wilderness years of his youth are examined in no small amount of detail. But this film, which simultaneously explores Bush's ascendancy from Yale pledge to CIC and the machinations of his administration during the run-up to the Iraq war, is a hypnotically fascinating, even-handed and highly intelligent piece of film-making which is far more than just a satirical biopic.  Oliver Stone has always been a film-maker I can take or leave. At his best, he can be an incisive explorer of cultural zeitgeist, at his worst he is little better than an exploitation film-maker; his output over the last couple of years has veered wildly between these two polarities, but with "Bush he really has hit a home-run. There is no doubt in my mind that this is probably due to Stanley Weiser's excellent script and Josh Brolin's astonishing turn as the man himself (and if Brolin doesn't get an Oscar for this, it will only be due to the academy's cowardice). Stone has always been a film-maker who uses broad mythic sweeps in order to reveal a greater personal truth about his subject matter, and, once again, he doesn't resist that tendency here. Brolin's Bush begins his life as a man struggling with both the expectations impressed upon him by his birth into a dynastic political legacy and the passive disapproval of his father; the story then is essentially a tale of the son attempting to seek the approval of (and then usurp) the father's authority. But if this sounds like a deeply simplistic rendering of the complexities of a modern American figure, let me assure you that this is only the spine of a story on which Stone hangs the flesh of a sympathetic and even-handed treatment of the man.  Stone's examinations of the conflicts, resentments and motivations within the Bush cabinet are as fascinating as his portrait of the man himself. Those who ascribe to the theory that the entire Bush presidency was in fact a case of "the tail wagging the dog will no doubt appreciate Richard Dreyfuss' brilliantly subtle turn as a vaguely Machiavellian Dick Cheney (referred to throughout the film as "Vice") but the film stops significantly short of painting him outright as the sinister puppet-master pulling all of the strings; and while possibly the film's best scene -  in which, during the course of a situation meeting,  Jeffrey Wright's superbly gruff Colin Powell questions the motivations of invading Iraq only to have Dreyfuss' Cheney illustrate them in unflinchingly certain terms -  is undoubtedly mythologizing, but one finds it virtually impossible to deny, given the well-documented differences in both ideology and policy that existed between Powell and Cheney, that discussions and disagreements of this nature undoubtedly took place.  There are no villains in "W"; merely people attempting to make the best decisions that they can with the information that they have (or more significantly, haven't) got at the time. The film doesn't excuse or condone the actions of the Bush administration in regard to declaring a probably illegal war on a Iraq on the pretext of it's possession of nebulous WMDs, but it does give you an insight into the thinking behind those decisions.  "W ends on a brilliantly ambiguous final shot which is a superbly sympathetic and utterly fitting metaphor for Bush as a man, a president, and, most poignantly, a misguided architect of a war declared on a spurious pretext which still grinds inexorably on to this day.
 I'm an Oliver Stone fan, and i had some questions regarding his Bio-picture of George Bush while Bush was still in office. The film overall was fantastic.  W. was a great movie. Josh Brolin was excellent as our 43th president, getting many of his manerisms down. The film overall revolves around the times and life of Bush, from his fraternity days, to his days working on an oil rig, to owning the Texas Rangers, becoming a christian, declaring "jesus day in Texas as the Gov, and his 1st campaign run.  You really see from the film the pressure that Bush felt with never living up to his father's standards, which Jeb Bush did. Bush wasn't the smartest man in the world, let alone in the family, but he was sincerce, honest, and incredibly loyal to his father, who consistently reminds him that he's disappointed in him.  Throughout the film, it is made clear that Bush loves baseball, and if he had a say so, he would have been MLB commish instead of President of the United States. He is shown several times throughout the movie at the baseball stadium playing center fielder and getting a standing ovation to an empty stadium. It was his dream, a dream that never happened.  Instead, Bush went on to help his father run for President in 1988, and again in 1992. Following his loss to Clinton, Bush become agitated that his father didn't attack and go after Clinton the way he would have, and this sets up Bush's run at the governor's spot in Texas and eventually his run for the President. It was all to avenge his father and try a bit to live up to this standards.  The film has a very interesting exchange with Bush and his cabinet regarding the upcoming war in Iraq and the possiblity of setting up an American Empire (to ensure that the USA would never be messed with again).  finally, the film delves into the missing weapons of mass destruction. Bush, under the advise of his cabinet that despite proof, but rather based on possiblity, there was a chance that Saddam had weapons of mass destruction. Once it was discovered that nothing was found, Bush had no choice but to tell the people what they didn't want to hear, that he went on the advice of his people and that the Congress voted on the same evidence (or lack of) that he had.  Overall, the film is interesting and solid. Once again, Oliver Stone has assembled an all-star cast, and none disappoint in the film.
 After having watched this film, I have concluded that it is not Anti-Bush nor is it Pro-Bush. The film depicted the former President as a very compassionate individual with the ability to connect to people all across the nation. Also, the film does display moments of where the Former President has his doubts and encounters situations that puts him in a position of uncertainty, such as the ongoing war with Iraq. Iraq was primarily the main focus of the film as it displays how the Bush Administration had dug themselves in a hole with false reports of WMDs being possessed in the middle-east and how they have managed to lose the public opinion on the the war itself. Overall, I've enjoyed this film as I have always been fascinated of just how the now-former-President, had ever came to be the President in the first place. Hindsight, sure has a way with a tragic comedy.
 The impression of George Bush is incredibly accurate.  It is a mean but, I believe, accurate portrayal.
 Not surprised.  Excellent.  Acting was outstanding.  It was like the character blanks were filled in.
 This movie was brilliant, like most of Oliver Stone's films.  Oliver Stone found a way to portray the cocky "ignorance of this being, in a very "diplomatic way.  I sense that his portrayal of "W. as being a "lost soul was his way of making the horrible damage that this man did to our country, somehow more palatable.  Because had he not given him this fictitious slant, the truth of him would have been too much to take . .  what with the depressed state that most of us are living in now, due to this man's gross "ignorance".
 I actually liked W. more than Milk.  Both are political bio-pics.  However, W. focused more on the character of President Bush and Milk focused more on the political career of Harvey Milk.  I just found Milk to be too linear in its narrative scope and as a result, not very absorbing.  I liked how W. jumped around in time, revealing a key moment of President Bush's character development.  It was like watching a Greek tragedy or a Shakespearean play.  Furthermore, I thought Josh Brolin's interpretation of President Bush was much better than Sean Penn's rendition of Harvey Milk.  As I said before, I'll take W. over Milk anyday.
 i really enjoyed this movie. its well directed and the ensemble cast is uniformly excellent. while the movie works as fine docudrama about the events that made Bush who he is, it also works as a biting satire on the sheer stupidity of our government's decision making process. while the film is not without its flaws, mainly, the pacing and lack of a crystal clear focus, this is an excellent film which needs to be seen for Josh Brolin's performance alone. Oliver Stone is getting his career back on track.
 I hate George W. Bush as a president. He has done more to divide us as a country and tarnish our reputation around the world than even Nixon. He deserves far worse treatment than he's given in W. However, that treatment has been dished out in so many documentaries over the years that it has become trite. For Stone to make that type of film at this point would be just as trite. It's easy to to condemn his empathetic exploration as some sort of pardoning or endorsement of what Bush has done. That is not at all the point the point of this  film. Stone has repeatedly criticized Bush on his actions. He calls on those actions in the film as well. It might not be as heavy handed as most of us want but it is indeed there. I judge a film by how much I get absorbed by it and W had me quite engaged. The acting, directing, writing, and cinematography are all solid. There are flaws. It could have dug deeper into significant events. Still, I highly recommend it.
 This well crafted fascinating movie with bravura performances by all should have been awarded the best movie of the year. Josh Brolin's performance as George W. Bush was outstanding and the performance of Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney was a pleasant surprise. As much as I dislike the worst President and Vice President in history Bush and Cheney, I didn't want to be reminded of what total lowlife scum they are and how they hurt us, our country and worldwide reputation, but enjoyed this amusing and entertaining movie. Put this one on the top of your list to see!
 "W. is brilliant! This is how the story goes
 GODDE!  No wonder the boy has problems ..... excellent nod to Stone / Brolin / Dreyfuss [Yechhhhhhh!] / Cromwell et al .....  This one MUST be the sequel to "Doctor Strangelove - not so ~ maybe even "What DID you do in the War daddy"???  Trainwreck upon trainwreck - the look on Tony Blair's face when he "understands that the 'pond' is now an ocean - is riveting!  THANDIE NEWTON as "Condi is spot on ..... nod to the Academy???? [Wake up Boys!]  reminds me of my days with Claudius or Maria Antonia ....  HUGE FUN - HUGE HUGS FOR ALL INVOLVED....  and perhaps Bushie is the very last president of the U of SA........
 Oliver Stone's "W. is one of the year's most absorbing films, and that's because, as the tagline suggests, it reveals that George W. Bush has been greatly misunderestimated. Watching this film, we see not the forty-third President of the United States, the former Governor of Texas, or even a politician in general. From my perspective, we're being told about an insecure man who reaches too far in an attempt to earn his father's approval. This movie is not a political commentary--it's a character study. Better still, it's a character study that's more or less historically accurate, with Stone and writer Stanley Weisner relying on published works and in-depth reports for the screenplay. Liberties were obviously taken; after all, there's no way anyone could know exactly what was said behind closed doors. But all the basic scenarios are well documented, which is to say that the film never once felt contrived. The end result is a compelling, complex, and occasionally funny examination of a person who always has something to prove.  Josh Brolin is perfectly cast as the title character, flawlessly capturing the mannerisms and diction we've become so familiar with over the last eight years. We see him as a determined but incompetent man who claws his way up to the presidency without the necessary skills. Pay close attention to scenes featuring W. in staff meetings; it quickly becomes clear that political heavyweights like Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss), Karl Rove (Toby Jones), Condoleeza Rice (Thandie Newton), Colin Powell (Jeffrey Wright), and even the infuriated Donald Rumsfeld (Scott Glenn) are making all the important decisions. As for W., well, let us not forget that the real President Bush publicly declared that his faith in God influenced his foreign policy decisions. In the film, he ends every meeting by having everyone bow their heads in prayer; I expected nothing less from a man who found God at age forty, when he was in the thick of his AA treatment. In 1999, he tells his pastor (Stacy Keach) that, even though he had no desire to be President of the United States, it was God's will that he campaign.  The film also takes some time to develop the relationship between W. and his wife, Laura (Elizabeth Banks), who he met at a friend's barbecue while running for Congress for the first time. In the film, Laura Bush is sweet, understanding, and patient, and it's easy to believe the love she feels for her husband. She seems to regard W. the same way a mother regards a baby taking its first steps
 Before writing this review, I examined many other reviews of this product from Amazon. This film is a thought provoking work of art, similar to Frost/Nixon directed by Ron Howard. In the film, we see different facets of the man who was President twice. When examining all of the one star reviews, I was taken aback to discover that about half were railing against the nice treatment by Stone of GWB, and the other half saying it was just leftist propaganda. I found that almost strange.  This film is a psychological treatment of GWB, who was set in a rivalry against members inside his party, against the democrats, and even elements inside his own family (his own rivalry with Jeb and his father). What comes out in the film (at least to me) is that GWB had to go his own way as President and make his own errors, which he did in abundance. Stone's treatment of GWB shows him as completely human, similar to his treatment of Nixon. Both men were powerful human beings with fatal flaws. Yet both completely believed that what they were doing was right for the American people.  Stone merely points out how history will treat GWB. There is, however, an enormous amount of history that Stone fails to see, that he skirts around, some of which will probably never be revealed. The most interesting pieces of the film to me were the relationship of GWB with Cheney (played ably by Dreyfuss). Because Bush wanted to "be his own man", he allowed Cheney and his minions to take on the major role in the war on terror. In reality, they directed the entire operation. The scenes between Cheney and Powell are real, and represent the entire conflicted roles of the American people on the world stage after 9/11. Bush wanted to be seen as a man of action, not a man who (like his father) could be thoughtful.  There is an epilogue to all of this. What Stone fails to see was that Bush actually began to distance himself from Cheney around 2007, and did become his own man, his father's son. Maybe that should be the Bush legacy. Personally, I did not think much of the Bush presidency, and I believe that his own flaws were fatal to the American polity, particularly as it deals with our relationships with the rest of the world.  I would look forward to a movie from Oliver Stone about the man who actually wielded all the power during this time, another fatally flawed leader, Richard Bruce Cheney.
 The Amazon transaction went smoothly.  However the movie was about Dubya and for that reason alone I should have known better. This was no satire. Stone and the cast were true to the subject matter.  I guess I thought that I would laugh more but the movie was spot on and made think how lucky we are to have survived the last administration at all.
 George W. Bush is a man who was unqualified for every single job he's ever held.  This would not be such a big deal if his chosen profession were as a shoe salesman or a bartender, but the job he hoodwinked people into thinking he could handle was none-other than President of the United States of America.  This is an inquisitive film which delves into his hellraising days at Yale (where he seemingly did everything BUT study) on up through to his ascension to governor & eventually president.  I knew about his "issues with trying to out-do dear-old-dad as prez, but I was unaware about the familial jealousies he had regarding his brother Jeb.  Without holding a palavar on Dubya, Oliver Stone has done an impressive job in this film of psycho-analyzing what is perhaps the least intellectual president this country has ever seen.  The casting of the film was quite good, featuring James Brolin as Dubya and Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney.  Dreyfuss carries an uncanny resemblance to the former VP, and they both capture the mannerisms of their characters nicely.  Elizabeth Banks is a top notch actress, but her portrayal of Laura Bush was not ditzy enough for my liking.  This is not a knock on Banks, but is rather a knock on the writers of the film.  If the film were truly accurate, Laura Bush would have been depicted as being as clueless as Dubya more than 1/2 the time.  There are Conservatives who will scream that this movie is a hatchet-job.  They can scream all they want, but they still can't change history. That the incursion into Iraq was a debacle is as clear as our involvement in Vietnam.  The movie doesn't even go into Dubya's blunders in Katrina or his de-regulation & out-sourcing initiatives which led to the economic crisis that we now find ourselves in.  If anything, the film actually makes us a little bit sympathetic to a man who got in WAY over his head.  As a Liberal, I can admit that Jimmy Carter was not a good president.  It amazes me that there are still(!) so many Conservatives out there who want to defend Dubya's reputation at all costs.  Sadly for all of us, the Bush administration was the most incompetent administration since that of Herbert Hoover, and the most corrupt administration since that of Richard Nixon.  George W. Bush was the most ineffective leader of any American president since Franklin Pierce.  This film tells the story of Dubya.  It's not pretty, but it's accurate.
 I don't know after watching this movie if Oliver Stone is with or against George W. Bush, it's really a fantastic movie that begins at 2003 when W. was considering going into IRAQ and it progresses at a well balanced pace as it mainly consists of these flashbacks into W.'s life.  The entire cast is superb and if you liked Josh Brolin in No Country For Old Men then you're going to love him in this, for a few minutes I actually thought I was looking at W.  Highly recommended
 Oliver Stone's latest film, W. is one that will, not surprisingly, attract a lot of controversy. How you feel about it will likely depend on your political views. Me, well, I'm a total flaming liberal, and I found the movie... enjoyable. Great, but not perfect.  The movie might as well be called "George W Lives in His Daddy's Shadow", since most of the movie centers around the feelings of inadequacy that young W feels. We see him going through hazing at his fraternity, running for office in Texas (and having the Democratic candidate to him what he would go on to do to others so very well), and eventually see him getting to the White House.  One at the White House much of the story centers around the lead up to the Iraq War. We get glimpses back to the early 1990's showing why the first President Bush didn't go all the way to Baghdad, we see George Tennant (played by the wonderful Bruce McGill, who could also play a dandy Bill Richardson), trying to explain, repeatedly, that there's no evidence of nukes in Iraq, and we see Cheney's master plan for the USA to control as much of the world's oil as we can.  Josh Brolin is really excellent as W. He doesn't have the look, but rather like Anthony Hopkins in one of Oliver Stone's other, better films, Nixon, he does capture the body language and the voice of Bush 43. Other notable performances are Jeffery Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfus as Dick Cheney and, in one of his better performances, James Cromwell as Bush 41.  The movie lags at parts and frankly I would've liked to have seen more about Bush as President than Bush as booze-hound or Bush as born again Christian. Still and all, it was a decent enough film and worth seeing, if for no other reason than my favorite line from the film where Bush Sr tells W something along the lines of, "You can't spend your life drinking, partying and chasing women! You're not a Kennedy, for God's sake!  And he's right. George W Bush is many, many things, but he's certainly no Kennedy.
 Splendid characterizations. If this stuff isn't all true, it most certainly has the ring of what Stephen Colbert would call "truthiness. Very good movie. Josh Brolen does a great job.  My only complaint is that Oliver Stone went too easy on Bush.
 Oliver Stone brings on his latest film portraying freshly departed President George W. Bush.  It is amazing that the man is barely out of office and film about his 8 year presidency and political career is already out.  Josh Brolin gives fantastic performance.  This actor seems to be getting better with age.  Stone cowers everything that there is to cover about Bush Junior
 With the film W., rather than cover the scope of George W. Bush's disservice to humanity - doing so would require more sequels than ROCKY and FRIDAY THE THIRTEENTH combined - director Oliver Stone goes only far enough to show what motivates the man the United States Supreme Court installed as president in 2000.  Stone's focused, restrained narrative results in a telling biography.  Several times in W. scenes where he's president, George W. Bush utters one of his most noteworthy childish bromides, "I'm the decider.  As W. cuts back and forth between the presidency and Bush's earlier years, it becomes clear why he keeps saying that, why his actions don't reflect reality
 I have always been a big fan of George W.. This movie reveals some of the dark side. I guess we all have a dark side, but this is a no holds barred expose ... Very interesting, very revealing...Good thing it wasn't made before he became President. I highly recommend this film
 I avoided this movie for a long time, because of all the bad reviews I had heard. What a mistake I made.  People really don't understand this movie. It's not an expos&eacute;, it's not a Bob Woodruff book, it's not meant to be filed in the National Archives as part of our historical record. It's a character study, an exploration of a man's heart, mind, and soul.  And an excellent one at that. It's a shame people can't put politics aside, and just enjoy the movie for what it is. All of the negative reviewers seem either to want a bloody crucifixion or a whitewashing Adoramus Te. It struck me as an honest attempt to get to know--to attempt to explain--one of the more enigmatic of our presidents.  Further, the editing, acting (for the most part), and cinematography were all excellent. Although it ran for over two hours, the movie seemed to be over before I knew it, and I really wanted it to continue. This is just exquisite storytelling, a thoroughly entertaining movie, and so long as you're not looking to "learn a bunch of "dark secrets about the Bush White House, so long as you do not remain convinced that "W will one day be carved into Mount Rushmore--think of it, in effect, like you would "King Lear or "Oedipus Rex"--and you will not be disappointed.
 The frightening thing about this movie is that it makes you feel sorry for "Dubya rather than hating him. Definitely not what I was expecting. But excellent, and interesting none the less.
 Let me start off by saying that I am not a Republican nor did I vote for either Bush.  So I started off viewing this movie expecting to see W skewered.  I am pleasantly surprised that did not happen.  Instead, I saw a complex portrait of the shaping of a man and a president over many years.  I won't go as far as to say I am now sympathetic to Bush but I understand him and his choices better now. First, I was surprised to see how poorly W wore the Bush mantle.  It was clear that everything W did was less than his father or grandfather or brother Jeb or any other Bush had done.  He couldn't fail to miss this as his parents told him this constantly.  What Bush senior failed to see though was that W could get in touch with the common man yet hold onto the elitist ones with some very conflicting personality traits.  He became a born again Christian as a way of coping with his substance abuse problems.  Somehow he managed to blend being born again with being a guy who had been to all the right schools, joined all the right clubs and gravitated to all the right people for his time in history. His parents were repelled by some of his choices
 Very good movie, the acting is excellent and the story is top notch.  It is a must see movie.
 After all the rancor surrounding Dubys'a administration has somewhat subsided, this is actually a fitting "homage to George W. Bush. While this is of course Stone's interpretation of the supposed machinations behind our entry into the War in Iraq as well as a rather candid look at the man behind the man, in all honesty, Stone's vision is not far off what I myself imagined.  For those looking for a scathing review of Dubya, you will be sorely disappointed.  As a matter of fact, I felt a very strong sense of empathy for the ex-president after seeing this and coupled with how VERY classy I think he is behaving these days, regardless of what I thought of his decisions/actions while in the White House, Stone indeed makes him very human and quite frankly George should be rather proud of this depiction of him.  Stone tells the story in a sort of parallel chronology.  He juxtaposes George's wild days with him in serious talks with his cabinet re the Iraq War.  This works quite well because the contrasts are so stark
 When watching W., you will find yourself angry, sometimes you'll laugh, sometimes you'll wish Thandie Newton's Condoleeza Rice had less screen time (a lot less) and at some points, you will riveted.  Oliver Stone makes his opinion that Bush was a terrible President very clear, but he also gives the views reasons to feel sorry for him. He presents Bush (accurately) as man overwhelmed and unprepared for the job. During the most powerful scene of the film, Bush and his Cabinet debate the Iraq war. Stone presents Bush as being manipulated into invading Iraq by Cheney and others in his cabinet. At that moment, one has to ponder what would've happened if Bush said no. Think about it. Invading Afghanistan was justifiable and he had a very high approval rating. I'm not saying other policies during his Presidency wouldn't have hurt him. But imagine how different things might be if he had just told the cabinet no.  In conclusion, this is one of the best films of 2008. It could've been flawless with a better Condoleeza Rice. Richsrd Dreyfuss should've been nominated for an Academy Award, but since when does the academy know good acting (I mean, other than Heath Ledger, was anyone impressed by the other nominees? I wasn't.).  You have to see this.
 An interesting look at the kinds of individuals that we are supposed to view as leaders. A study of stated goals vs real goals of empire. Josh Brolin's performance is a very convincing GWB. As always, when it comes to contemporary politics, Oliver Stone IS THE MAN.
 This may not be the George Bush movie that one would expect from Oliver Stone but it is fascinating and compelling nonetheless. He places more focus on the person and less on the policies although they are covered to the degree that someone who hasn't picked up a paper in the last six years would get the drift of what was happening. For those of us who know the history all too well we see these policy meetings, such as they are, with the amount of gravitas that they deserve. For the political discussions Bush is way over his head and baffled and at times doesn't want to be bothered with details. This is accurate to the accounts that I've read about him as a president.  However, this film is much deeper than that, and is not about tearing apart his presidency as one might expect. This is more of a study of a morally flawed, and not particularly bright man who strives out of a necessity to prove his father, George H.W. (played by James Cromwell), wrong about his abilities as a person and his will to succeed. Stone has done a number of films with the father/son theme (Wall Street, Platoon, etc) but this one is different in that it more bluntly confronts the differences and the tensions between the two.  It's a non-linear experience, as one should expect of a Stone film by now. It wades in the less known waters of Bush's life as a younger man who was a party guy, getting into trouble, and being a failure at everything he tried his hand at, all of which was set up for him by his powerful father. Josh Brolin does a fantastic job portraying the younger Bush as one who doesn't necessarily care about success quite as much as he cares about proving his father wrong by succeeding. Pretty much everything he does is against his father's wishes as he thinks that if G.W. goes into politics that he will ruin it for Jeb who is the favored son.  We know most of the history but Stone presents it all in a compelling way that made me feel as if I were in the briefing rooms with the staff as they later gave Bush information and poor suggestions. Jeffrey Wright does a fantastic job as Colin Powell who seems to be the lone voice in the room against preemptive strikes. The rest of the cast is no less brilliant and it is interesting, to say the least, to see Toby Jones play Karl Rove. The rest of the casting is equally brilliant
 I support the studio's decision to colorize old films and they are doing an excellent job, Hello!, they are giving you a choice, they are not forcing you into only having the colorized versions, I am sick of all this boycott this studio, boycott that studio, are the studio's double dipping so to speak because they come up with better versions of the same film, the answer is no, these versions are improved(Exponentially) by the studio's investment(Their's not ours), and I hope they continue, I realize that reviewers who don't earn a decent wage are probably scrambling to afford a single DVD a week, but if you don't like colorized classic films turn the color off when you watch them. The studio's are making old films available that were never available before and I salute them, keep up the good work!!
 Let's face it...color is natural...black and white isn't. There is no such thing as "Glorious Black & White when it comes to film. As has been stated before, they used it in the early days because that was all they had, and later because color was too expensive, and was used mostly for the big "epics like GONE WITH  THE WIND, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, etc. I wish they would colorize all the old b&w classics, especially the westerns. After I got my first color tv in the mid 60's, I never wanted to watch anything in black & white again. I don't understand what the beef is. For those who don't like colorization, I'm sure the B&W versions will always be available. Some people just can't stand progress.
 Beautiful faces, gorgeous b&amp;w photography, an array of old Hollywood's best character actors, brawling and tumultous fight scenes, probably the best sword fight ever filmed, and a rousing musical score that must have sent people almost dancing out of theaters with big smiles on their faces in 1940 - and will still make you smile in your living room.  And dialogue laced with wit and humor as well as drama.  Now THIS is what a Hollywood action movie should be!   This is one of the all-time best.  Got the blues?  This ought to chase them right away.  Really got the blues?  Try a double-feature of this with Flynn's The Adventures of Robin Hood.  And you can keep all the Wars and Treks in the stars.  They are made by mere children as compared to these old pros. Why doesn't Tyrone Power have a cult of his own today?  He was handsome and versatile, and a good actor whose performances hold up better than many of his competitors'.  Ty Power's the Man!
 Classic is the one word that I could truly use to properly describe Twentieth Century Fox's 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro". Forget all the previous versions and certainly the latest remake  with Antonio Banderas, this is the supreme version in regard to storytelling, casting, sets, excitement and unforgettable sword play. It boasts Tyrone Power's finest performance by far in my opinion and it also contains one of the most exciting and dramatically staged sword fights in the history of film swashbucklers (with the possible exception of Errol Flynn's duel with Basil Rathbone in "The Adventures of Robin Hood"). "The Mark Of Zorro directed by veteran director Rouben Mamoulian, is old fashioned movie making at its very best. It contains an exciting storyline with frequent dashes of daring action sequences, excellent sword play, a tender romance between Tyrone and the very beautiful Linda Darnelland a sweeping, energetic musical score which is just right for this production. Tyrone Power scored a great personal triumph in this role of the effeminate Don Diego de Vega by day, and the dashing and daring Zorro by night.  It is the role which really became his trademark performance much as "Gone With The Wind is for Clark Gable. Forever after Zorro has been identified as possibly his greatest role and the character he was most identified with. By 1940 Tyrone Power had reached his Box Office  peak with a string of huge Box Office successes like "In Old Chicago "Marie Antoinette", "Suez", "Jesse James", "Rose of Washington Square and "Johnny Apollo". Zorro was the role of a life time and came along also just as his extraordinary good looks had matured enough to make him totally convincing as the fop by day and dashing bringer of justice by night. It is a performance filled with a vital energy, dashing spirit and the right element of tongue in cheek bravado. The production of "The Mark Of Zorro was one of Twentieth Century Fox's biggest productions of the year. The attention to detail in sets and importantly in costumne is immaculate and really recreates that feeling of old California of the nineteenth century. The film benefits greatly from the superb supporting cast without which any film of this size would be lost. The beautiful Linda Darnell was only starting to come into prominence at this time and she makes a very effective love interest for Tyrone here in the role of Lolita. Her role might be really window dressing but she is most effective in her brief scenes. The wonderful Basil Rathbone, swordsman extraordinaire, is superb as always as the corrupt and cruel Captain Pasquale and he brings the right elements of menace and slippery sophistication to his role to turn in another stunning performance much like his performance of two years before in "The Adventures Of Robin Hood . Equally villianous and equally delightful in the cast line up are  Gale Sondergaard, arch villianess of many films, and J. Edward Bromberg as the cowardly but corrupt governor Don Luis Quintero and his vain wife Inez . They are excellent in their scenes and Bromberg in particular has a field day with his very amusing role as the ruthless replacement governor who is bleeding the local peasants dry in taxation but is a  coward afraid of his own shadow. His scenes are very amusing where he is reduced to a blubbering mass of fears during Zorro's nocturnal visits to his headquarters and proves to be no match for the daring Zorro who always manages to leave his signature "Z in conspicious places. I cannot recommend "The Mark Of Zorro highly enough and if for nothing else it is worth seeing for the superb fencing sequence between Power and Rathbone which is a classic of its kind and one of the most memorable dueling sequences ever put on film. Some individuals believe it's a pity that the photography is in black and white but I personally feel it suits the story well and never have Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell looked more attractive than in this production. Enjoy "The Mark Of Zorro as the high spirited entertainment that it is and as a tribute to the mastery that was Hollywood film making in its Golden Age. Films really don't come better than the 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro The Mark of Zorro is one of my all time favorites, and it is a movie that needs nothing to improve it.  Classic swashbuckling adventure set in old California.  And the black-and-white version that is on this DVD is a treat to watch--pristine in every way.  It was with some trepidation that I put on the new color version.  What had they done to my dear Tyrone Power?  Yet when I viewed the new color version, I felt that I was getting to experience the beauty of the motion picture in a whole new and different way.  It brought out detail that I had not seen before.  The colorization process is light years ahead of any I have seen previously, and for awhile I forgot this was ever in black-and-white to begin with.  It really breathes new life into this classic.  I admit I watched the whole movie again!  What a treat to be able to enjoy this movie in a new way.  Great idea, and great special edition.  Highly recommend!
 I first caught The Mark of Zorro (both the Tyrone Power and Douglas Fairbanks versions) on TV a few years ago during the hype for the Mask of Zorro movie, and immediately fell in love with them. While I've been raised on modern Hollywood cinema, these were movies that still held great appeal for me. Specifically for the Tyrone Power version, we get a quick, witty adventure with fantastic swordfights and great chemistry between Power and Linda Darnell. The whole production charms in that golden age Hollywood way, without suffering from the cheesiness that people usually associate with older flicks. It's one of my favourite movies.  About the DVD
 Rouben Mamoulian's THE MARK OF ZORRO, adapted from <a href="http
 This remarkable film (loosely based on the Zorro stories of Johnston McCulley) has everything one could ask for from a swashbuckling adventure story . . . excellent acting, a wonderful script and the inspired direction of Ruben Mamoulian.  Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, and Basil Rathbone are outstanding as the exciting hero, his true love, and the deliciously evil Captain Esteban Pasquale.  An inspired supporting cast including J. Edward Bromberg, Eugene Pallette, Gale Sondergaard, and Montagu Love convinces you that this is California of the 1820's.  Excellent pacing moves the story forward from adventure to adventure, finally culminating in that magnificent duel between Power and Rathbone, between justice and tyranny.  The clever use of humor, and the innocent yet passionate love that grows steadily between Power and Darnell (the Villain's niece), adds dimension to the characters and makes us care about them.  This is a film that deserves to be seen again and again!
 Tyrone Power, a highly underrated actor, was born to play "Zorro".Everything about his performance is perfect,his comedic timing is flawless.The entire is first-rate.Eugene Pallette as the Padre,Basil Rathbone as a dastardly villian,J.Edward Bromberg (as a corrupt Gov.-very funny),the beautiful Gale Sondergaard as his unfaithful wife,and Linda Darnell as Brombergs' ultra-beautiful niece.The score by Alfred Newman and the direction  by  Rouben Mamoulian is letter perfect.The disc contains the original black and white verson and the colorized version.Being a movie purist I stick with the original.
 It's always a privilege to have a black and white version alongside a color version in the same set.  You can perhaps appreciate the way the lighting is used more with black and white, but color also enhances a film a lot, ESPECIALLY a costume film like this one.  This movie, interestingly enough, is more of a comedy than an adventure!  The greatest enjoyment for me comes from seeing Zorro scare the cowardly tyrant, the tyrant trying to get Basil Rathbone (his bellicose assistant) to stop playing nervously with things, and Zorro giving that disgusting laugh as he pretends to be effete.  In fact, Zorro is a lot more like "the Scarlet Pimpernel than Robin Hood.  I feel the movie is also cleverly written, which is important in a comedic adventure.  In addition, it has an extremely polished sword fight which, I've read, is considered the greatest ever done on film.  By the way, Zorro's father, his friar, and the main villain, Basil Rathbone, are all on the Errol Flynn Robin Hood.
 This is I believe the best Zorro movie out there, the one that caught best the spirit of the original story by Johnston McCulley (though it is still not a perfectly faithful adaptation). Tyrone is simply the best foppish Diego you could think of, his acting is amazing in this movie. And.. don't forget the epic fight between him and none other than Basil Rathbone! This DVD came as a surprise to me... I bought it for its low price (10$) and lo and behold, this edition is just the best out there! You get both colorized and original B&W versions of the movie, as well as the Biography episode of Tyrone Power himself... the best bonus on the DVD! There is also great postcard photos from the movie itself, in sepia color.
 Of all of the "Zorro movies made, this is by far the best.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Don Diego de Vega.  Who could ask for anything more with Basil Rathbone as sinister Captain Pasquale.  Both stars bring the best to this movie which can be enjoyed by anyone of any age.
 Under Mamoulian's sure-footed direction, only Power could one-up Douglas Fairbanks with this rousing remake of the 1920 silent classic--still the zingiest and most technically dazzling "Zorro of the bunch. Power is so adept at shifting from the slightly doltish Don Diego to the heroic masked avenger that it's difficult to imagine anyone else in the role. Among the fabulous supporting cast, Rathbone stands out as Zorro's loathsome nemesis, Bromberg and Gale Sondergaard are delightful as the ruthless regents, and Darnell is winning as the love interest. Daring horseback rides, thrilling duels, exquisite cinematography...What more could you want in a swashbuckler?
 FOX has done an excellent job with this release of the Mark of Zorro. This is a two sided disc. The one side has the movie in its origianl Black and White release. The other side has the movie colorized.  Ths print FOX used for this release is in excellent condition. It has specks here and there but due to it's age these are bound to be present. But the print is very clear and very clean.
 I,ve always enjoyed this type of movie.  The fencing scene between Tyrone Power and Basil Rathbone was, and still is one of the best action scenes in all movies.  Rathbone was an accomplished user of the foil and was to have said, "Tyrone Power could have fenced Errol Flynn into a box.  I am in awe at times of the athletic abilities that some actors have.  Great movie, one of Hollywood's finest as far as I'm concerned. I highly recommend it for all audiences.  It is an example of a movie made without the electronic wizardry that prevails today
 If you are a fan of Tyrone Power or Basil Rathbone you will love this movie!  It is just fun to watch the classic swordmanship of these two actors.
 A great classic that can never be outdone, no matter how many remakes ore done of it. The sword fight between Power and Rathbone is the best ever put on film.
 I'd rate Zorro just a notch below Flynn's Robin Hood, but just barely.  This is a wonderful swashbuckler, featuring Tyronne Power as Zorro/Don Diego.  He is magnificent in both roles... handsome, athletic, all that you could ask for.  Basil Rathbone is the perfect villian, just as he was in Robin Hood, as Captain Pasquale.  Little is usually said about Zorro's romantic interest, Linda Darnell, but she was sure gorgeous!  And the padre is the same man who played Friar Tuck in Robin Hood... terrific.  The music was perfect, the sword fight at the end was a masterpiece, everything was terrific.   As much as I liked Power in this role, I liked him even more in  The Long Gray Line .  Power also served honorably and with distinction in battle during World War II... another reason to like him.
 IF YOU LIKE TO SEE REVENGE AGINST EVIL,THIS IS  THE MOVIE YOU HAVE TO SEE. YOU ARE SEEING ACTING DISCIPLINE IN ACTION WHEN YOU SEE TYRONE POWER IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS BEEN IN, AND RIGHTFULLY SO,HIS FATHER WAS AN ACTOR ALSO.
 This must rate as one of the best Swashbucklers ever. Good acting, good action and a pleasure to watch. It even has a decent plot, which isn't always the case in this genre. The characters are real people instead of  two-dimensional figures and the climactic swordfight is downright  beautiful.
 mark of zorro was a very good movie, glad i was able to buy it
 Tyrone Power is excellent in the dual role of Diego (masquerading as a foppish aristocrat) and the Californian hero Zorro. The story is great, the pacing works well, and there is plenty of action, humor, and romance. And there's an all-time classic swordfight between Power's Diego and Rathbone's Captain Pasquale. Just an excellent, classic film.
 Now here is a true old time/old school  Hollywood Classic! Tyrone Power walks away with high honors as the masked man in black, the Robin Hood of old California. TP takes on the role of Zorro the fox to avenge his father's being deposed as a local Governor. Basil Rathbone is pitch perfect as the main black hat and J. Edward Bromberg is fine as his sniveling front man.  The antipathy twixt TP and BR is palpable from the time they lay eyes on each other.TP is wonderful in his double role-especially as the foppish, overly elegant Don Diego, sniffing, preening, peering through his spectacles and engaging in magic tricks. The audience knows he is the bravest guy around but most of the cast had no idea until the resolution.  That includes both a dazzling, wheeling sword duel with Rathbone plus a jail break! There had to be a girl involved and that role is well played by 17 year old Linda Darnell. Watch for the scene in the chapel with LD and "the priest". MZ is sharply directed by Rouben Mamoulian and is shot in beautiful classic black and white. Some have compared MZ to Robin Hood but this reviewer was reminded instead by "The Scarlet Pimpernel with Leslie Howard. If this movie has a single weakness it lies in the cluttered closing scenes after the resolution. Perhaps Mr. Mamoulian had trouble wrapping the film or maybe those scenes played out better in a movie house with a big screen. No matter! "The Mark of Zorro is a true 5 star Hollywood classic to be enjoyed by all ages.
 This is the Zorro of my childhood and I was in love with Ty Power and his pairing with Linda Darnell. Of course my Mom had to tell me he was dead. My only adult criticism is that the script lacks character development but it was my introduction to Zorro and I loved the film. Then came Disney. Of course there is a wonderful sword fight - no unsuitable stripping of clothes. Actors like Ty Power and Errol Flynn in those days actually took proper fencing lessons and were credible. The DVD has both the original B&W and the best colorized version of a movie I have ever seen. It did not distract or disappoint. The DVD also contains the added bonus of the great A&E Biography of Tyrone Power. Wish he had lived longer. He was out of the control of DZ/Fox and was coming into his own playing deeper characters and making better movies. As Caesar Romero said in his eulogy
 The Mark of Zorro is a very good version of Zorro. I really enjoyed the option of seeing it in color as well as in black and white. The color version made it seem a little more modern. They did a really nice job in the color processing of it. It's very interesting to because you learn some of the history of California that you may not have been aware of. Tyron Power was a very handsome man and Linda Darnell was so beautiful she was perfect as his love interest in the movie. Take a chance and enjoy this all time classic.
 While I perfer my "oldies in the true black and white format, it was very good to see a very good colorized version.  I heartily recommend this movie to anyone who is in search of real romantic adventure.  The cast is perfect and the acting superb.  Highly recommended.
 This is the movie that turned me into a Zorro fan.  I was about 10 when I saw it as a matinee on Sat. TV.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Zorro with those lovely speaking eyes and wonderful sword play.  And Basil Rathbone is  the type of villian that you love to hate.  Throw in Linda Darnell as  Zorro's love interest and the you have a great movie.  The humor is what  holds it altogether and makes you want to watch it again and again.  Diego  making his father a little bit crazy and the govenor a nervous wreck.  I  didn't think that they made movies like this anymore until I saw the Mask  of Zorro.  Not a remake, thank heaven, but with the same spirit and fire as  this one.  As far as I am concerned Zorro can ride forever and I will watch  faithfully.
 I haven't seen the Douglas Fairbanks version but I do prefer this to "Mask of Zorro".  I think I was maybe 13 when I first watched this movie on TCM because my dad was watching it and I was oddly captivated, and now I'm 21 and I still feel the same way.  Sure the dialogue is overwhelmingly cheesy, to the point I'm not sure many people I know would like the movie.  "Lovlier than a morning in June is an especially awful line.  It is ridiculous, empty flattery at best, and not even a compliment at worst, considering that June weather isn't exactly known as the lovliest, at least in CA.  But any time Don Diego is acting his role pretty much makes up for it.  Cheasy with a purpose!  The action scenes are great, especially all the horse chase and sword fight scenes.  I suppose it is my favorite sword fight scene that doesn't begin with both participants fighting left-handed.  Any scenes where Tyrone Power is switching personas are very well-acted, with my favorite being where he tells the priest the truth.  I also love Errol Flynn and Robin Hood esepcially, but I think I like this one better, and I find it to be more re-watchable.  Now it is true that the quality isn't great, and the special features aren't spectacular, but it is priced accordingly, so no matter.  It's like renting it twice!
 I first saw The Mark of Zorro starring Tyrone Power as a kid in the 1950's, on a small black and white screen. I loved it. I recently saw the film again, colorized, and I still loved it. The colorization adds to the film because I could get my grandchildren to sit and watch it. They will not watch black and white films because it is "old. The story has been retold many times, but the characterizations can not be topped. Added to the pleaseure is that over the ensuing years, as an adult, later with my grandchildre, I practiced fencing and historical arms. The fencing is very good, and that is another point my family could appreciate, particularly the ending duel between Basil Rathbone's corrupt Captain and Tyrone Power's genteel Diego. So, what's not to like
 Basil Rathbone is at his best in this movie as a villain.  Great addition to any classic movie buff's library!
 I was surprised to find that a special edition of The Mark of Zorro [1940] was coming out and went searching through some of the bigger Internet media sellers to see what's to be known.  Fortunately, I did come across a few details - I don't know if they're complete or not
 Tyrone Power is the consummate Zorro, and this movie is still fun to watch. Swashbuckling, humor, and the "double identity of Diego continue to make enticing entertainment. Decades after its initial release, the acting and story hold up--even if some of the chase scenes aren't very sophisticated (slightly speeded up film?).  Basil Rathbone as a high-class villain sets just the right tone of menace.
 The greatness of a classic movie on a DVD is fantastic. Great quality - and no more rewinding to view favorite scenes.
 I highly recommend this film, and would give it ten stars if I could. Tyrone Power is wonderful as Zorro. A very entertaining and romantic film.  Linda Darnell is beautiful in it as well.  Her gowns are lovely.  It has adventure romance, and mystery.  Its a film for all ages.
 I rank this movie second, behind  Raiders of the Lost Ark , of the best Action Movies ever made. This is non stop adventure with a script that does not let go until the very last scene. My eight year old  son loved this movie.
 Wonderful black and white movie. My son loves Zorro, and this contains all good action, dialogue, etc. Wholesome family entertainment.
 THIS IS A GREAT FILM, EXCEPT THE COLOR SIDE.BOTH SIDES GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, AND SOUND, HOWEVER THEY ARE CRYSTAL CLEAR LASER QUALITY BUT THE COLOR IS ALMOST ON BLACK AND WHITE EDGE. COLOR IS VERY FLAT AND VERY DISAPPOINTING. IF I HAD ORDERED THE COLOR VERSION ALONE I WOULD HAVE THROWN IT IN THE GARBAGE. THE BLACK AND WHITE SIDE WAS PERFRECT SO IM KEEPING IT
 Magnificent restoration of the movie. Excellent performances. Superb fight fencing. The product has many added values. My dad and I are very satisfied with the product.
 I saw this film in 1959.is a great film,writing about Mask of Zorro of  1940,well...firist,everything that one should know about of,has been said  many times before and I like very mutch and I'm a fof Tyrone Power..it's  for now.thanks
 Wow!  What a story, what acting, what adventure.  The color was gorgeous, have not watched the B & W side, probably won't either.  Linda Darnell was perfect for the leading lady to Ty.  No complaints come to mind.  When purchasing, get the dvd with the special features and the 6 lobby card replicas.  You won't be disappointed!
 Tyrone Power plays Zorro...the liberator of early California from Spain. Excellent swashbuckling action. Co-starring Basil Rathbone.
 This is part of a series of 'geographical' blues lessons by John Miller.  This review covers them all.  John Miller is a gifted instructor.  Many artists are gifted players, but they do not all possess the gift of teaching.  John Miller's teaching is a slow, methodical breakdown with anticipation of student struggles.  His demeanor is humble, quiet, respectful, and enthusiastic for the music.  With judicious use of the pause button, it is as close as a student can come to face to face lessons with a master.  The series highlights some of the lesser known blues songs of regional greats from long ago.  The songs are wonderful to learn to sing, but for me, they are, almost to a song, terrific for acoustic solo playing.  Each region has its specifics but they are perfectly suited for instruction to the Intermediate guitarist (late beginners should collect John's DVDs) as well as the Advanced guitarists who need to learn new songs.  Each geographical region has its unique songs, and John's teaching is consistent throughout.  "Texas Blues is currently my favorite, but this changes as I go from DVD to DVD.  Jackson Blues, Texas Blues, Memphis Blues,  Atlanta Blues as well as Theory and Chord instruction DVDs are all 'must haves' for those who learn from DVD lessons.
 Again John Miller has delivered. One has the impression, that Miller though his respect and love for the American Country Blues is absolute, that it it is all a bit of a pleasant sideshow to him. He is a master and exponent of so much more than just country blues - and of course he is being aware of and listenting to his excellent recordings over many years in other styles. As always, Miller's musical taste is exquisite
 I was astonished by the CLARITY of this DVD.  The visuals are better than they looked when it first aired!  (The sound is great as well.)  As if two 90 minute telefilms weren't enough, there are some excellent bonuses attached.  Kenneth Johnson's commentaries were very interesting. (Who knew that Richard Kiel was the Hulk first and that a few frames of him are in the first telemovie?  Not me!)  The telefilms are a little dated hair/clothes-wise, but the stories really stand the test of time.  This DVD is an essential purchase for the fan of the TV series.  Let's hope they release season sets that are up to this quality!
 This was the pilot that started the whole incredible hulk series on television in the 70's.David Banner(Bill Bixby) experiments on himself and accidently exposes himself to very high gamma radiation levels.Banner than becomes the beast as the incredible hulk when he gets angry.This is the show when he was changing the tire and something went wrong that he transformed into the hulk.Not only will you get this pilot on the dvd but you will also get a making of feature from Industrial Light and Magic,A presentation from Lou Farigno, trailers from the Hulk movie from 2003,a making of the incredible hulk theme ride or amusement park,commentary and a bonus episode Married.Married will also have a opitional commentary.I can't wait to get this dvd and I highley recommend it for the two episodes alone.Hopefully season sets can't be far behind.If you like this one I also recommend the Hulk collection that features The Return Of The Incredible Hulk and The Trial Of The Incredible Hulk coming May 6.Also pick up The Death Of The Incredible Hulk Coming the same day as the Original Tv Pilot June 3rd The Hulk(2003)will probebley be a good movie but it won't be the same as the original with Bill Bixby and Lou Farigno.
 If Ang Lee's new Hulk movie had ANY positive repercussions, it was for Universal to at last release the original series premiere on DVD.  Having owned MCA's VHS version for years, it is a tremendous treat to watch this in such high quality.  The sound is great, and the picture is razor sharp (compared to its prior versions).  The acting is top notch and comparable to performances today, although the bellbottoms are so 70's! The premiere and the episode "Married also on this disc were definitely the two best Hulk episodes from a dramatic level.  However, Universal would earn the highest marks from me if they release as another double feature, the two-parters "Promethius and "The First (arguably the two best fun episodes).  DVD's are not expensive to make these days, and Universal has the masters in their vaults.  I hope they're reading this! Because the comic book/movie Hulk and the TV series Hulk are two entirely different characters, it is wrong to compare the two.  However, with an actor playing the creature, there is alot more humanity and feeling behind it than someone created by computer.  This DVD is wonderful to watch especially after watching the series as a kid.  It is definitely worth it!
 This DVD includes the original pilot movie "The Incredible Hulk that started the series.  On the other side of the DVD is the episode "Married", which was actually the first and second episode of the Second Season.   The Incredible Hulk began on CBS on November 4, 1977.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. Banner.  It has been almost a year since his wife died in a car accident they both were in.  He continually has dreams of not being able to save his wife's life.  He just wasn't strong enough to roll the car over.  That is Lara Parker (Dark Shadows) that plays Dr. Banner's wife.  Now he studies how people are able to become so strong when normally they are not as strong.  A black woman describes how she was able to save her son in a burning car by having the "extra strength (perhaps adrenaline) to lift the car to save her son.  Eventually, Dr. Banner decides to try an experiment on himself to change his DNA with Gamma Ray exposure.  Well, nothing happens.  But he felt stronger.  He tries to lift a people mover.  Nothing.  It's raining outside.  He becomes more frustrated, his thoughts anger him then the car blows a tire.  More anger.  The lightning intensifies.  He hurts his hand using the jack.  He's in pain.  Suddenly his DNA changes.  His body grows greater, his muscles grow rapidly.  His clothes rip.  His skin becomes green.  He becomes the HULK (played by Lou Ferrigno).  When the Hulk's surge of power finally calms down or when he does an act of kindness, he becomes tired and turns back into his Dr. Banner self.   This tv-series was so good at building monentum and emotion, especially at the end of each episode, that the tv-series kept getting better with each episode.  Bill Bixby was perfect for the role as Dr. Banner. It's a shame he is not around to enjoy this 25th Anniversary.  He died too soon (November 21, 1993).  Such a serious and mature actor. Very well liked.   On DVD, Introduction by Lou Ferrigno.  Audio Commentary with Director/Writer Ken Johnson and sneak preview of "The Hulk (2003).    The Incredible Hulk tv series (1978-82)   The Incredible Hulk Returns (1988 tv-movie)   The Trial of the Incredible Hulk (1989 tv-movie)   The Death of the Incredible Hulk (1990 tv-movie)   <a href="http
 Writer, Producer &amp; Director Kenneth Johnson delivers big time with a totally re-invented Hulk.  This is not your father's  Hulk SMASH!!  that Stan Lee created for Marvel Comics back in 1962.  This is a thinking man's drama created by the mind of Johnson and delivered by the touching &amp; sensitive performance of Bill Bixby.  It takes on pieces of Hugo's  L'es Miserables  &amp; TVs  The Fugitive  as Bixby's Dr. David Banner is on the run from investigative reporter Jack McGee who believes the creature is a killer after a gamma radiation overdose creates Banner's own Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde nightmare. This Hulk is a drama carved out from comic book origins, a tale of a man losing his wife and the struggle that follows.  If this were the theatre, Bixby's performance would be felt from the back row- loss, angst, wanting, enlightenment, anger, affection- it's all here. Bixby is superb as he weaves through Banner's inner demons.  Susan Sullivan delivers as well as Bixby's fellow scientist trying to help him understand his transformations. The hidden treasure of this DVD is not just re-watching the pilot again a little more sharply both in picture &amp; sound (you still have to love Joseph Harnell's chilling piano), but Johnson's commentary you can add with the push of a button.  His detailed account of when scenes were shot, how they were shot, what his thoughts were going into each shot, warm memories of the late Bixby, and humorous anecdotes really give this DVD a 5-star rating. Kudos to Universal for rounding up Johnson on the eve of the big-budget Hollywood Hulk to re-market this past treasure.  It's just too bad 'ole White Eyes himself couldn't have been there to share some of the banter with Johnson.
 One word - EXCELLENT!  This TV series was hands down, the best transformation of a comic book character to the screen. From the opening credits of the pilot, we could immediately tell that we were in for a quality production. Everything about it is excellent
 I remember watching this episode (and its sequel) back in 1977 on CBS.  I had the feeling then it would make a nice series.  So when I heard after an episode of Wonder Woman that it would be a series, I made plans to watch.  Overall it was a great series, in fact the other episode on this disc won an emmy for its only major guest star Marriette Hartley (who would later work with Bixby again in Goodnight Beantown).  Anyway to get back to the pilot, it explored more of a human interest story in the character.  The writer apparantly felt that the death of Banner's wife would impact the viewer more than Banner saving a teenager from a bomb blast.  It's also interesting how they changed the character's name to David.  When the comic strip started he was called Bruce Banner.  Then Stan Lee slipped a few times and called him Bob Banner in occasional strips which to remedy, he copped a plea by saying his name was really Robert Bruce Banner.  And now he's David.  Since they (Universal) couldn't remedy it without recutting the film, Stan Lee himself convinced the studio to use his cop out to explain the name change which is why his name at the cemetary is David Bruce Banner.  Good thing they left well enough alone at this point.  I just hope in the new movie, they don't change his name again or I'm heading for the hills.  But seriously this disc and the series sequels (also on DVD now) are worth buying.  By the way, if you think this postive review overrides my review of the 2fer, you're wrong.  I only rated that 1 star because they should have put all 3 sequels in 1 set. Buy this disc and buy the others too. 
 The movie displayed on my 61  projection screen TV with a sharpness &amp; clarity I haven't seen since I watched the originals as a kid. I surmise they must have duplicated this from a very clean print. It pretty much blows the awful, muddy, pan-and-scan VHS version away from a quality standpoint, and the clarity of this DVD version will MARKEDLY increase your viewing pleasure. The bonus features are kinda neat, if not fluff, but certainly for the movie buff, you'll enjoy the director's commentary and value adds the DVD contains. If you liked this series, and are ready to reintroduce yourself to a sci-fi classic, BUY THIS DVD TODAY!
 If you are a Hulk fan don't let the age of this TV movie fool you. It's a more true portrayal of the Hulk character.  Without the CGI and modern film effects it still holds up as a classic Man vs Monster story.  The second film "Married or Bride of the Hulk works the same type of story only the Hulk is trying to rescue a young lady who is being abused by her family to collect insurance money. All in all these films are the better of the modern version.  While the special effects got me to go to the theater this version stands the test of time.
 When I saw the pilot episode I really hated it. I don't remeber why I hated it but now I love it!!!!! It's about a man named David Banner(Bill Bixby) who's wife died in a car acident. Angry that he was not able to save his wife, he finds out that the same thing has been happing to other people, only they saved the person in the person car. David finds out that it is the gamma energy that is helping the other people save the person in the car. David put gamma energy into his body, but so much that it made this creature called the Hulk( Lou Freggino). Great start to a great series. Better than the movie. This DVD has another episode called  Marride  which is very good and has lots of Hulk sceans. Well worth your money.
 I was astonished by the CLARITY of this DVD.  The visuals are better than they looked when it first aired!  (The sound is great as well.)  As if two 90 minute telefilms weren't enough, there are some excellent bonuses attached.  Kenneth Johnson's commentaries were very interesting. (Who knew that Richard Kiel was the Hulk first and that a few frames of him are in the first telemovie?  Not me!)  The telefilms are a little dated hair/clothes-wise, but the stories really stand the test of time.  This DVD is an essential purchase for the fan of the TV series.  Let's hope they release season sets that are up to this quality!
 This was the pilot that started the whole incredible hulk series on television in the 70's.David Banner(Bill Bixby) experiments on himself and accidently exposes himself to very high gamma radiation levels.Banner than becomes the beast as the incredible hulk when he gets angry.This is the show when he was changing the tire and something went wrong that he transformed into the hulk.Not only will you get this pilot on the dvd but you will also get a making of feature from Industrial Light and Magic,A presentation from Lou Farigno, trailers from the Hulk movie from 2003,a making of the incredible hulk theme ride or amusement park,commentary and a bonus episode Married.Married will also have a opitional commentary.I can't wait to get this dvd and I highley recommend it for the two episodes alone.Hopefully season sets can't be far behind.If you like this one I also recommend the Hulk collection that features The Return Of The Incredible Hulk and The Trial Of The Incredible Hulk coming May 6.Also pick up The Death Of The Incredible Hulk Coming the same day as the Original Tv Pilot June 3rd The Hulk(2003)will probebley be a good movie but it won't be the same as the original with Bill Bixby and Lou Farigno.
 For a longtime this was my favourite film of all time, its not anymore, but it is still a genuine classic film, that deserves a place amongst the greatest horror films ever made.  The reasons for this are threefold
 If your into horror, this film should be added towards your collection and out of all werewolf horror type movies, this is one of the best thats out there. I love this film, it has great directing, a decent story line, somewhat good acting and a lot of dark humor, if you like that then this is a film for you. However, do understand, that this film is wayyyyy different than the TV version film. The TV format movie had a lot of things cut out, so, when you buy this you will get the whole movie even the parts that were not shown in the TV version film..highly recommended!!
 The Werewolf sub-genre is one that has suffered over the years from poverty row production values and destructive self mockery. Like the Zombie, the Werewolf is the poor relation to the endless tales of vampirism and Frankenstein. This is mainly due to a lack of generic tradition in literature and art, but Hollywood has done little to redress the balance over the years. However for a short time in the early 1980's the Werewolf enjoyed the fullest of moons with both Joe Dante's HOWLING and John Landis' AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON thrilling audiences and winning important critical notices. Landis had scored with ANIMAL HOUSE and THE BLUES BROTHERS, and deftly combines the ribald humour of those films with all the horror clich&eacute;s that had undone Universal's output in the 1940's. Importantly Landis's humour is not mocking, instead he gives us an affectionate parody, overflowing with enthusiasm. He is also very aware of the conventions and limitations of the genre itself. The scares and violence come in abundance as does the nonsensical narrative twists. England is both beautiful and eerie, a space in which the age old battle between science and superstition continues to be played out. The film works because of its lack of originality, through its post-modern appropriation of Universal's themes and iconography we have an early example of a horror homage. Wonderful special make up effects by Rick Baker however firmly anchors the film in modern horror seas. Full of excellent British character actors, the nostalgia of the film is pitched perfectly and represents the high watermark of Hollywood horror films for the 1980's.  Universal's 2 disc DVD is misleading. The supplementary features amount to little more than 45 minutes, and the DVD could have easily been presented on a single disc.
 This movie still holds its own, even afer 20+ years.  The effects are great, and the makeup is spectacular!!  Its so nice to see makeup instead of CGI, the computer may have added to the genre, but it has also taken away...but not in this movie!  The plot is great and the scenery in the film is awesome, not to mention the offbeat humor played throughout the movie itself.
 David Kessler and Jack Goodman are two young Americans backpacking through Europe, just trying to have a carefree, good time. On a particularly chilly night, they find themselves wandering across an English countryside and getting pretty desperate for shelter, when they come across a pub called "The Slaughtered Lamb. Not deterred by the graphic advertisement, inside, they find the pub is really quite cozy and atmospheric. Fellows are playing darts, having a game of chess, telling politically incorrect yet totally hilarious jokes... Everyone seems a bit disturbed at first sight of the two American travelers, but things warm up once they are accepted as being completely harmless. That is, until Jack asks the forbidden question