 The murders in Juarez are real. This movie is a badly acted fantasy of revenge and holy intercession.  If there is a good movie about Juarez, I don't know what it is, but it is not this one.
 I agree that it may be necessary to change parts of a story to make the 2 hour limit common to most movies.  I think that the ending (without giving it away, if you care) goes counter to the vengence theme Mr. Dumas was weaving.  So as to who the Count winds up with may be an issue of what is acceptable to the movie industry racially, and it may just be a simpleminded simplification.  If you've never read the book, read it.  It is melodramatic.  The ending in it makes more sense than the end of this movie. As an aside, I think that Mel Gibson must have seen this movie and settled on Mr. Caviezel as the lead after seeing his portrayal of the imprisoned Edmond Dantes.  He is whipped 3 times in the movie and is made up to look astonishingly like the Jesus he portrayed in Gibson's movie.  Looks like he is being type cast.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is probably one of my favorite books. Its numerous, but inter-connected plot lines are filled with suspense, romance, and "you know you had it coming revenge. The movie adaptation of this novel was awful. Except for the title, character names, and a few other details, there is nothing in the movie that resembles the original. The movie only focuses on the struggle and revenge of Edmound Dantes, which turns out to be a watered down version of the book's. No amount of fight scenes would have saved this movie. Plus, the ending is completely different!!!!  I would only recommend this movie if you plan to NEVER read the book. If you have read The Count of Monte Cristo, DO NOT SEE THE MOVIE! It will only disappoint you. Like it did me.
 Unfortunately I have read the 1400 page novel and seen the movie versions starring robert donat and gerard depardieu.  hence this version is a trivial adventure flick, with nothing at all of the magic of the classic.  this might serve as an entertaining movie to a modern viewer with no idea what the real novel has to offer.  this is less faithful, hence less sophisticated, even than the classic comic book version.
 Alexandre Dumas was a fantastic author.  The novel he wrote of The Count of Monte Cristo is gripping and fantastic.  I have read this book several times and it is exciting each time.  The movie unexpectedly changes the book's intent from the point of the Count arriving in Paris.  The changes are not necessary to meet time constraints and change the entire persona of the count.  Yet another example of Hollywood screwing up great literature.  Films can be made that adhere to the intent of great literature while making needed changes -- the Lord of the Rings movies are all great examples of this.
 Sadly to say, this film is a barebone, cheesy adaption of Duma's original epic.  The original novel was excellent, it had taken the Count of Cristo decades to plot and carry out his revenge bit by bit.  It was sweet revenge at its ultimate; his enemies were slowly tourmented in a cat & mouse sort of game.  However in this movie, events fly by so fast that the entire story seems to happen over night.  Most key characters were either deleted or under developed, and large chucks of the main story lines were cutted.  These two reasons had made the Count's revenge very unsatisfying, as such it's my opinion that they had ruined a great story.
 I'm re-reading the Count of Monte Cristo right now for about the 5th time. This 2002 movie adaptation is highly disappointing. I'm convinced that sometimes creative licenses should be revoked when handling such great works of literature. This movie followed the story of Edmond Dantes like the movie O Brother, Where Art Thou? follows Homer's Odyssey. The name of the movie could have been changed and I would have been thoroughly entertained by the action, intrigue and plot.  Of course, you're turning French classic literature into a 21st century feature-length screenplay, so timelines are squeezed, characters are omitted or combined, and themes are condensed to appeal to a passive, movie-going audience. The fact that the one treasure chest in the book being translated to dozens of chests in the movie attests to the culture and economy differences between 19th-century Europe and 21st- America. I can't imagine Dumas' original to be handled comprehensively with anything shorter than a mini-series. But this movie told a completely different story with the same names and places. Not only were dozens of dramatic and plot-filled scenes removed, too many scenes were fabricated. I say again, if the movie's name was changed and was admitted that it was only loosely based on the novel, then I would probably vote it up.  I would encourage anyone to pick up a copy of the original  
 To those of you who have recently read The Count of Monte Cristo, I would advise against this film. The story in the movie is so completely different than what Dumas writes - perhaps revenge is the only common denominator. Examples
 This story is based on the classic Alexander Dumas book. The story is about friendship, jealousy, betrayal and then the best part the ultimate revenge and then love rediscovered. I believe this book has been adapted to the silver screen several times but I have only seen the version where Richard Chamberlain plays the count and despite Chamberlain's obvious acting limitations I much preferred that version to this updated one. The main reason for this is that the way the revenge comes together in that movie seemed to be more cunning, complicated and satisfying.   The story is based around two friends who have sailed the world together. One grows jealous of the other as even though he(Guy Pearce)is a member of the aristocracy; the other (Jim Caviezel) is more popular respected and also has a love-life. The Pearce character plots a dastardly plan removing Caviezel from France and sending away to a life term in prison where he may just as well be dead. The prison scenes are quite awful with some pretty dire dialogue and lines coming from the prison warden and are only made interesting by the brief appearance of fellow prisoner Richard Harris. Harris tells Caviezel of the vast riches to be found on the Italian island of Monte Cristo. Caviezel who was quite a loving character has now understandably changed and is obsessed with getting revenge on the three characters who placed him in this predicament. This aspect of the film I found very dissappointing-in fact some of the scenes are very poorly done. The counts reappearance to public life is way over the top and looks more like a scene from Moulin Rouge. The revenge on the attorney which takes place in a steam room is utterly absurd. By the time he reveals himself I found I really didn't care less anymore and was quite looking forward to the closing credits!  I had anticipated having scene the trailer that this would be a lavish period drama with no expense spared. This movie at times is quite the opposite-the scene set in Rome is a terrible recreation and in facts looks like just a small studio setting. The scenes set in Marseille and the final scene could also be described as being pretty lame. Still though the fact that this is such a marvellous story saves the movie and would make it worth watching if you are unfamiliar with this classic novel.
 Will Hollywood never learn to stop making movies after Dumas' books? After several failed attempts at the musketeers ("The Musketeer", "The Three Musketeers - with Charlie Sheen et al, "The Man In The Iron mask with Leonardo Di Caprio and who knows how many more I have fortunately missed), they try their hand at "The Count of Monte Cristo", another wonderful book by Mr. Dumas. Unfortunately, nothing is the same as in the book except for the name and the general plot. If these people don't have enough faith in Dumas and his literary talent to respect  his stories and his characters and put them to the big screen the same way he has written them, why do they bother using them?  For somebody who has never read the book - and I think last night in the theater that was unfortunately true for more than half of the viewers - this might come off as a good adventure movie. The settings are great, the costumes are great, it has plenty of action and romance. And the two principals - Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce - are two good actors in their own right, I have enjoyed them in several movies. Jim Caviezel is particularly striking in his appearance and I think he would have been able to give his character the depth and mystery that Dumas' Dantes has, if he had been given the chance. But he was not. Hollywood takes a wonderful and deep story of a man's betrayal, revenge and quest for justice and turns into just another action flick. The characters have almost nothing in common with their book counterparts. Dumas' Dantes was a troubled and mysterious man who was using only his machiavellic intelligence and subtlety to defeat his enemies. This Dantes engages in sword fights and even fist fights, for Pete's sake. He also makes his grand entrance to his parties in a balloon, like he was Michael Jackson or something! Dumas' Mercedes was a proud and poor girl of Spanish ancestry, strong and noble. This Mercedes is just a weak girl, a commerciant's daughter who comes along as easy and a little silly. Dumas' Mondego was Mercedes' cousin, poor like her and with hidden ambitions, capable of subtle betrayal (like he betrayed Haydee's father, for those who have read the book). This Mondego is a son's count and just a petty man.  They change characters' names and actions. I will not reveal the most exaggerated one of all, but I will only say it almost topped D'Artagnan turning out to be the king's father in "The Man With The Iron Mask". Also, they changed the ending of the romantic part - but this seems to be a problem with all adaptations of this novel, nobody seems to accept that Dumas didn't want Dantes to end up with Mercedes. They leave out more than 70% of the characters - if not for the other problems, perhaps I would have been able to forgive this one, since it would have been hard to fit in the complexity of the novel in just over 2 hours or so. They add several face-to-face combats which serve no purpose other than satisfying the modern taste for such things. They make Jacopo the comic relief of the movie, uttering silly sentences fit for a B-rate comedy. I could go on forever. And Dantes' great revenge upon his enemies, which took years of careful planning, is solved with rashness in 45 or so minutes, less than half the movie, skipping over everything, never being given the importance it has in the novel, to make room for the romantic part and the sword/fist fights. This is definitely the last Dumas adaptation I'm ever going to watch. Although it is clearly better than any of the Musketeer movies, it is still a disgrace.
 This is a very good movie but, the only thing it has in common with the book is the movie has some of the characters.  There, that's it.  The movie could have been named anything but, not "The Count of Monte Cristo.  If you really want the whole story, read the book.  It's a great book.  A good movie but, it has nothing to do with the book.
 I wanted to like this, I really did. There is a great cast, beautiful cinematography, costumes, swordfights etc...all the elements are there but it doesn't jell. I haven't read the original Dumas novel, but I have seen a couple of the previous versions of this story, so I know that not only are some critical plot elements sadly lacking, but the main theme of the novel -- that revenge is ultimately WRONG, however delicious -- has been butchered. I honestly realize that films need to be heavily adapted and compressed from their novel origins in order to make sense and not run for 100 hours. But the intent and purpose of the original author should be at least honored, if not literally followed word for word. The most serious flaw (besides messing up the whole revenge thing) is that this is a tale played out over the lifetimes of the characters...it has to be, to make dramatic sense. By  hurrying  it up, and refusing to age the very attractive, young cast members (James Caviezel, Guy Pearce, Dagmara Domincyzk, etc.) the sense of the story happening over a lifetime is utterly lost. Even the styles of the costumes do not change, although more than 16 years have elapsed. Edmund Dantes  disguises  himself as the Count of Monte Cristo merely by growing a beard! and his hair isn't even slightly gray athough he is in his mid-40s or later. Mercedes never passes a day over 25...get me her moisturizer, PLEASE. Because so little is at state emotionally, there is no payoff at the end and since the theme has been butchered, Edmund learns nothing about revenge OR mercy, making his lengthy odyssey meaningless. What's good? Again, gorgeous location filming and sets. Some good cameos in smaller parts (Michael Wincott is wonderful as the warden of Chateau D'If, with all the most amusing lines but as the character is utterly invented for this version of the story, you can't help but think that he has wandered over from another, better movie somewhere.) The DVD is total eye candy, with beautiful graphics and some great extra features. This is the ultimate proof, I think, that a good movie is 9/10th a good script. The DVD interview with conceited &amp; self-important screenwriter Jay Wolpert is evidence enough where this project went awry -- Mr. Wolpert clearly thinks he has it all over Dumas and is pleased as punch with how he has altered the classic story to his own way of thinking. NOT. In conclusion...a forgettable disapointment.
 The cast was good as was the the movie in general were it not for the fact that the story was so different from the actual book.  It was a real dissappointment to say the least.
 I've never read the book so I cant compare, but I do remember that the film itself was quite boring at times and just too long, or at least it felt long. Normally I love movies like this, but this just didn't do it for me. The acting was OK, nothing special stuck out out for me. The set pieces and costumes were very well done however, which I think is essential in a movie such as this. Other than that, I would skip it.
 As a movie the Count of Monte Cristo is entertaining on its own but when compared to the book it is horrible.  There are several instances where Hollywood had its way with the plot.  The revelation about who Alberts real father is being the worst.  This did not happen in the book.  The movie lacks the style of the book.  The Count was much more subtle and devious in the book and never stooped to getting is hands diry himself.  I also don't recall any sword fights in the book (although they were decent, but nothing spectacular).  As I said, taken on its own the movie is entertaining but it deviates terribly from the book which is superior in everyway.
 I love the book, which supposedly means I'm in no condition to enjoy a good movie, much less know a bad one when I see it. Anyway, I put off watching this thing because I figured they would screw it up. But actually, the first third of the movie was pretty good. My hopes rose, foolishly, and then the harsh glare of bad scripting sent them crashing into the sea. The 1975 version is vastly superior, being much more believable and stylish. This 2002 effort isn't exactly awful, mainly it's just boring. The Caviezel fellow did a nice job in the first part of the film, playing the naive sailor/prisoner. The conversion to the Count was never believable, however, always coming off as a bit of a putz. He simply didn't fill the role. The scenes with the Abb? Farria were the most successful. And although the Chateau d'If whipping scenes were gratuitous, and the book never actually portrayed the landing on Elba, I think they enhanced the story. So there! So the betrayal, false imprisonment, suffering, and relationship with the Abb? weren't badly done. Caviezel played the prisoner bit very well, and it seemed a real evolution was going on as the years went by. Thus, the set-up of the main plot was accomplished, but the execution was definitely botched. It all went downhill with the hot air balloon bit. It was stupid. I like Luiz Guzman, but what was he doing in this movie? His absurd portrayal, I guess some see it as "comic relief was just campy, just plain bad, and the rest of the movie sank like a stone. Caviezel's "Count was merely foppish and ridiculous. With Caviezel as Count Clown dandy, instead of the dangerous and inscrutable figure of the novel, it all just fell apart. That's not being a stickler to the book, that's just translating the basic character to film. Basically, the writer and director were never able to set up the vengeance(s) very well. The Count's execution of his plots were never really that clear or interesting. The dialogue between him and his prey were badly written, with a few double entendres and little else. The fairy-tale ending they went for was also VERY lame, you don't have to be a fan of the book to roll your eyes at all of the loose ends being methodically tied. And since at least twenty years went by and all the actors were still obviously in their late-twenties, it was a relief when the tedium finally ended.
 One Body Too Many a 1944 black and white movie is not an especially good movie. BUT, it is a fun movie. It is a silly horror/comedy type B movie that became the meat and potatoes of so many early studios. I love it. Jack Haley is Albert Tuttle a nose to the grindstone insurance man who has an appointment with an old rich recluse. He arrives at his mansion and is seen in by the butler (Bela Lugosi). He is shown into his clients office and immediately starts his spiel to the back of a chair and smoke coming from a lit cigar. However, unbeknownst to Tuttle the client is dead and in his coffin in the office. Tuttle lays his brief case on the closed coffin before he realizes just what is in the room. When he does try to get out, he can't open the door, etc. This movie is filled with every conceivable cliche imaginable. But that's the fun of it. A huge dark creepy house, a will to be read, a suspicious looking butler and cook, a beautiful damsel in distress, a dim witted detective, a houseful of greedy family members of the deceased, murders, trick doors, screams and noises at night, etc. Of course, a very nervous and reluctant hero. This kind of movie would be nothing without Lyle Talbot and he is here as the family member who thinks timid Jack Haley has something to hide.I have had this movie for years and every once in a while I dust it off to watch it again because sometimes you need a little harmless fun. (~.~)
 "One Body Too Many (1944) is a routine Jack Haley mystery-comedy with decent production values and an agreeable supporting cast. The "B programmer remains notable for Bela Lugosi's delightful presence as a coffee-serving butler - the funniest of his red-herring roles. In fact, Bela garners more laughs than Haley's cut-rate version of Bob Hope.
 William Pine and William Thomas were two Paramount executives who joined together to produce some cheap little pictures with Paramount backing and distribution. They became known as the "dollar Bills for churning out inexpensive pictures that always made money. At first, they specialized in aviation pictures (their first three films were POWER DIVE, FORCED LANDING, and FLYING BLIND, all released in 1941), but when the war began they broadened their screens to include military adventures, mysteries, and even musicals. Like many B outfits they had a stock company of directors (Frank McDonald, William Berke) and players (Richard Arlen, Chester Morris, Roger Pryor and others).  Late in the war, Pine-Thomas signed Jack Haley to star in musical-comedies, but the first one, TAKE IT BIG (with Ozzie and Harriet) was a disappointment, so they cast Haley in a mystery-comedy called ONE BODY TOO MANY.  Cyrus Wentworth, a crazy multi-millionaire, has died, leaving a will that insults his heirs and promises that half of them will get a lot of money and the other half will get piddle, unless the exact terms of his will aren't carried out, in which case the piddlers will become the piddlees and vice versa. And the terms of his will? He was an astrology nut (who built an observatory atop his decrepit old mansion) and he wants to be entombed with a skylight so he can look up at the stars. Also, everybody named as an heir has to stay in the house for three days until he's safely in his moon-roofed vault. Okay, so you can guess what happens
 This film seems to have been constructed around Cruise to polish his, some might say, fading star. He's allowed to chew scenery and over-act with abandon in almost every scene.  I didn't believe for a second he was an alcoholic. His screaming "Sake throughout his withdrawl scene was so obnoxious, I really couldn't believe it, and was actually embarrassed to watch it.  When he gets beat down by the Samurai with the staff, I really couldn't believe Zwick and co. would use the ole 'they can't beat this man down' cliched faux character exposition posturing. Again, my embarrassment grew as the overbearing score swelled.  And right, surely the kids of the fallen Samurai would just love ole 'whitey'- I mean, he only killed their dad.  Did anyone think for a second our American Movie Hero wouldn't nab the widowed Samurai's wife - made a widow at the hands of Cruise?  Please.  I give this film 2 stars only for Ken Watanabe's performance and some nice cinematography. If Zwick will be kissing anymore Hollywood star behind in his future films, I only hope he gives us advance warning so I can avoid those movies like the plague.  And Tom, gee...I have no advice for you. I am simply still dumbfounded at your performance here. I am reminded of Jon Lovitz in that old SNL skit.  "Acting, Genius...Thank you!!!!! I've been a fan of Ken Watanabe for long time. And, my grand-grand-grand father was a samurai lord of a tiny land in the northern Japan. So I was looking forward to see the movie and was dissapointed very much.  First, amateurish battle scenes.  When I heard Katsumoto's model was Takamori Saigo, I expected 60,000 samurai swarming along the mountain ridge or several  castles filled with cannons and guns, and a series of cunning battle tactics in Sun Tzu style - that was what happened in Saigo's last battle. Very suitable to a Hollywood spectacular.  If Katsumoto was a commoner who imagined himself being a samurai like a Don Quixote, or a poor samurai without education in very far rural village, the story would be acceptable. But a trusted advisor of the emperor? No joke.  Second, failures of exploiting full beauty in samurai culture.  Usually, Ken Watanabe uses kimono very wisely to play a noble samurai role with a very elegant and dangerous atmosphere. In the TV series "Zankuro", Ken's role was an executioner and looked like a butterfly in fire. But in this movie, he couldn't show his talent because of very unnatural costume. He had to be in a 13th-century-style armor always (how foolish and tactless to fight in this muggy land). If the costume had been more realistic, the character of Katsumoto would be more complicated, sophisticated and attractive.  In addition, the most profound scene was nearly ignored. It was the fan dance by Hiroyuki Sanada before the last battle. This traditional dance is an essence of Bushido. They performed it only when the death was unevitable in the coming battle, to express their unshakable faith. I don't understand why the scene ended in a blink.  Finally, I'd like to add the plus side. The sets of old Yokohama city was excellent. Even Japanese movie staff cannot create them so accurately and beautifully.  In this movie, Hollywood proved they had capability to create a historical epic set in Japan.  I hope they wouldn't underestimate our history and culture any longer, and would show us a more breathtaking spectacular in the next movie.  Well, I believe they can.
 The quality of the DVD was disappointing.  It stopped many time through out the movie, we finally gave up and sent it back (we did play another DVD to make sure that was not our machine's problem).
 The sheer arrogance of this films is mind blowing. First of all, the thought that the Emperor of Japan needed the wisdom of an American to set things right in his kingdom is absurd. Secondly, aren't we all getting a little tired of Tom Cruise presenting himself as some sort of super man in his movies?  He, like Mel Gibson, has  often cast himself as characters whose bravery and martial skills are of almost mythic proportions.  Additionally, these heroes are frequently disillusioned, bitter men, who, through an orgy of blood and guts discover themselves and learn to love. Folks, this is cookie cutter scripting. Those moments in this film where we are treated to shots of Cruise looking into the distance, steely eyed and noble are embarrassing. Is this really how Cruise thinks of himself? Is he so hot and so wonderful that the wife of the man he killed can't keep her hands off of him? This is one of many movies made over the years where a white man saves a picturesque but flawed culture. This is Eurocentric cultural insensitivity at its worst. The script is a series of cliches superimposed on  19th century Japan. Sadly the story could very well be transfered to any other culture with a little tweak here and there. In spite of the lovely scenery and high quality of the cinematography, the film displays a shallow understanding of Japanese culture and suggests to me that its producers don't have a very high opinion of their audiences sophistication.
 I wish that you could divide the rating system -- have one set of ratings for the story and another for the message.  If this movie were about a fictional man from a fictional place learning about a different culture and finding a new sense of honor in himself, the movie would merit three stars based on the production values, the star power, and the entertainment value of exotic locales, battle scenes, redemption scenes, etc.(the downsides -- the plot is predictable and there is no real depth to the characters)  But this movie disturbed me, perhaps because I had just read a history of Japan, and because it continued this Hollywood self-hatred of America theme that keeps rearing its ugly head.  To view the movie, you would never know that Japan was struggling to overthrow a decadent and stifling shogunate that had basically kept the country back in the Middle Ages.  Farmers weren't allowed to leave their villages.  Samurai weren't allowed to go into business.  Until Perry came, foreigners were restricted access to one trading post.  While the backlash to Perry triggered a wave of ostrich-like denial of technology and the west, a very smart clique of leaders soon realized that the Japanese themselves had to take the lead in modernizing their country.  The samurai who didn't get it, would have made their country more vulnerable to the west by being more backward, if they had had their way.  So the ending is completely wrong, if you are pro-Japanese.  Yes, they chafed under unequal trade treaties, but the future safety of the country was not to go backwards...and they didn't, so unlike China, the Japanese were able to recoup their sovereignty and engage the West on increasingly equal (and if you were Russian in 1905) superior footing.  The ending is also completely wrong if you are pro-American.  The character played by Tom Cruise loathes his country as much as he loathes himself.  Americans were not saints during the 1860s or in any era, but there were plenty of heroes, and it's a tiresome choice to continue this stock theme of self-flagellation so rampant in movies like Dances with Wolves (which this story really rips off -- I'm sure that's how they pitched it -- "its Dances with Wolves, but set in Japan").  I bet that the movie would have done much better if the Cruise character had been more noble in the U.S. and if the ending could have been about some kind of reconciliation, instead of the divisive travesty that they decided to show.  At some point, one of the Hollywood studios is going to wake up and realize that Americans like to see positive, heroic portrayals from time to time instead of the diseased anti-heroes that they keep foisting on us, and whichever studio gets this will clean up at the box office.  If you are into Japan see one of Kurosawa's films.  If you are into east-west stories, read Shogun or Tai-Pan.  If it's movie night, and you've seen everything else, this will do for entertainment, but take it for a piece of fiction, don't take its pretensions seriously.
 There are some films that are so obvious and heavy-handed in their political correctness that even if one agrees with the sentiments expressed, one must hold ones nose to do so. "The Last Samurai is a fine example of regard for another culture taken to such a superficial extreme that the result is smelly cardboard.  I suppose that a big budget film starring one of Hollywood's most self-important egos must adhere to the ugly-American-meets-epiphany-and-goes-native formula, but will one of these unctuous tomes please depart from formula long enough to at least follow through on its own logic?  This film is hypocritical in avowing its respect for Japanese culture. At least Kevin Costner created a coherent world in "Dances With Wolves". His Union soldier was largely an observer of the events of his time, and when he eventually left the Sioux nation, he had not single-handedly saved them from destruction or awakened them to their ancestral precepts. In "The Last Samurai", not only does the white hero receive an oriental spiritual transplant; he actually becomes the saviour of Japan. C'mon--gimme a break.  The Meiji Emperor was not a timid little weakling just waiting for the redeemed American to give him backbone and remind him of the wisdom residing within his own culture. And even if we were to suspend all disbelief and accept that the last surviving soldier on a particularly horrific battlefield should turn out to be our unlikely hero, it surpasses even the crudest naivety that the adversaries he has just decimated would throw down their arms and pay homage to him as the last samurai. That scene left a foul taste in my mouth.  Had this film truly honoured Japanese culture with the respect it professes to feel, the white hero would have died or at least turned out to be less than God's gift to Japan. Even Lawrence of Arabia ultimately failed to create his Pan-Arab nation, and that film could teach this one a lesson or two in how sensitively such themes need to be handled.  This film is not an abject failure. The performances by Ken Watanabe and Hiroyuki Sanada are superb and they do wonders within its shallow arc. Even Tom Cruise puts aside his most egregious excesses and serves up a passably sympathetic character. But even good performances cannot save this film from the consequences of its presumption. This is a do-gooder film that will go down well with historical revisionists and Champagne liberals who simply have to feel bad about the imperialist bits in America's past while congratulating themselves on how enlightened they are. For the rest of us, the falseness at the heart of this movie makes it impossible to enjoy it at anything but the most superficial level.
 As other reviewers have said, this film has gorgeous scenery and remarkable attention to visual historical detail such as costume and architecture. Unfortunately, the approach to the cultural history of Japan is far from accurate and in some ways derogatory. It reminds me of the sort of 19th century "noble savage romanticism that today is universally recognized as patronizing and racist.  Anyone who knows anything about the history of Japan knows that the samurai were essentially feudal warlords. Each leading samurai controlled his own territory, and his subjects paid tribute in exchange for safety. The samurai battled endlessly (and bloodily) with each other, in a thousand-year struggle for supremacy and dominance. The so-called "honor of their militant mentality was accompanied by a culture that demanded, among other things, that the wife of a defeated samurai should commit suicide rather than live with the "shame of her defeated husband. The emporer at that time was nothing more than the samurai who managed to become the most powerful and convinced a number of other samurai to serve him (as apparently the lead character was one) ... what the film omits is that before the emporer ended up in a war with his own samurai, he and his fathers had waged a several-century war against all the other samurai, engaging in wholesale slaughter and subjugation of all the other groups. Furthermore, what occurred in the period immediately following the period portrayed in the film is even more telling
 To start off, this was a splendidly filmed movie with a fine sound track.  After that, I don't have much to say favorably.  I'm not an expert on early modern Japanese history, but as a journeyman I know enough to say with confidence that the story here is preposterous.  The Japanese looked to Germany (Prussia), not the US for army training.  Emporer Meiji, the greatest of their modern monarchs was a strong and decisive ruler (and wasn't referred to as Meiji until after his death, just as Hirohito is now referred to as Shoa).  The dramatizations and interplay of the characters, however, is what was really preposterous.  It may make for decent drama, but this is the sort of film that leads to typical American ignorance about foreign countries and their histories.  Anyone sincerely curious about this era in Japan might well read James Clavell's imperfect, but vastly better, Gai Jin or, better yet, Lafcadio Hearn's memoirs which point out that it was virtually impossible for a westerner to assimilate in late Nineteenth Century Japan.  The producers of this film ought to be profoundly ashamed of themselves over this script which is nearly as bad as the despicably similar Bushido Blade of about 20 years ago.  This doesn't mean that one shouldn't see this, only that it ought not to be taken seriously.
 Set out wanting to like this but found it over long and very focus on Mr Cruise. Do we really need so many lingering shots of his greatness and the fairly ponderous lines. The film outline is OK and there is a stroy but unless you know nothing of Japan and it's history, some of this film is fairly dull and slow.
 Recipe for instant Tom Cruise samurai flick
 I wrote a couple of lengthy reviews of this film, criticizing the romanticizing of the Bushido code and other aspects of this film.  For reasons unknown to me, Amazon declined to publish them.  So I will be brief
 I just recently saw this movie for the first time.  When it first heard about it, I was somewhat sceptical about the movie, thinking that it would simply be another distorted Hollywoodization of an historical event or historical period.  I subsequently read reviews that claimed that it was in fact a great movie, a cut above as it were, and that the movie was sensitive towards Japanese culture etc.  In particular what I found most interesting was the claim that the movie was not the typical Western film where Western values are proven superior--that the reverse is in fact the case here.  But still, I was sceptical, and did not concern myself with the movie until just a few days ago.  All things considered, I think I was justified in my scepticism; while there were aspects that I found to be good and commendable (the majestic landscape, quite stunning combat sequences), for the most part I just did not find it to be a good film.  It is essentially a Hollywoodization, regardless of the unique twist to the story.
 This film started out interesting and good,and then just became "Top Gun".While interesting historically,this film lacked everything else,and just followed the  basic "Hollywood formula.It was also unrealistic to believe Tom Cruise's character(a troubled,raging alcoholic) could learn the art&skill of a Samuri Worrior in just a few short months of time.The film followed all the basic plot outlines of Top Gun,just like "Days of Thunder",and I was rolling my eyes towards the end.It sounds great on a home theater system,but this is'nt one I'd want to buy&keep forever.Buy&own at your own risk,but there are better Jappanese Samuri films out there like "The Seven Samuri".
 A samurai is an Asian/ Japanese knight. It was a decent action/ adventure flick. Worth renting once or twice. Tom Cruise's fame doesn't do much to heighten the film  sceptic's disbelief. I think how good the actors and director can suspend your disbelief that what you are seeing is staged and not real is how to judge a good movie.
 I haven't read all of the reviews, so I don't know if this has been touched, but this is a total rip-off of the novel Shogun by Clavell. It just happens in a more  modern  Japan. Clavell's is in the year 1600, this one is more like 1860 or so.   The movie is long, overly long. I'm pretty tired in the evenings and this took about 3 days to watch!   The acting is good & the battles and sword fights are great. However, this movie really has nothing to offer as far as originality, tone, or filming. I'm really surprised it was even made.
 This movie shuffled along the line between action movie and epic story, and it kept a somewhat uneasy balance between those two styles.  It was beautifully, if obviously, shot, capturing both majestic landscapes and gorgeous detail, and the acting, for the most part, was very good.  Ken Watanabe deserves all the praise he has received for the role, and Koyuki performed very subtly and ably as the quasi-love interest. It also contained the requisite battle scenes, which I found to be effective in communicating the brutality and violence without being overly graphic and disgusting.  The scenes with the young emperor were perhaps the most moving of the entire film, and there was enough attention paid to the individual lives contained in the story without forgetting the big picture, so to speak.   It should have been a better movie... and I'm afraid that my disappointment in it lies mostly with the lead actor.  I don't like Tom Cruise... I don't find him attractive, and I don't think he's a good actor, and that definitely colored the movie for me.  The fact that Tom Cruise was supposed to be the person that carried the movie... well... I guess you can't argue with the box office.  Regardless, a lot of the lines he spoke or the story he represented seemed rather clich&eacute;d, overdone, or plain anachronistic with the world around him.   As for the moral of the movie... that heritage and national identity should not be forgotten (and should especially not be exterminated) on the way to modernity... It managed to ring hollow while coming across too heavy handed.  However, considering the genre, it was a somewhat complex moral, as far as morals go.  It wasn't a bad movie, but I wasn't swept away either.  I give it about a 5 out of 10.
 basically a rip off of "dances with wolves, but done poorly.  very empty when portraying japanese history and culture especially since this issue should have been central and not taken a backseat to tom cruise weilding a sword.   on a plus side, its well shot and good visuals.  watanabe steals the show, but even he is not enough to save this shallow movie.  typical blockbuster movie with no depth.  if you are in the mood for an "independence day type blockbuster action movie see this.  otherwise, dont waste the time.
 Tom Cruise as a Samurai warrior?--my curiosity got the better of me! Be prepared to suspend all disbelief for  2 1/2 hours for this film. Drunken, guilt-ridden, Indian War veteran is hired by Japanese government to stamp out  rebellion, gets captured, dries out, and over the course of a few months becomes a disciplined, fierce, Zen-like Samurai warrior. In his spare time he becomes fluent in Japanese. He switches sides, becomes a master tactician, kills countless Japanese soldiers and a few Americans along the way, and lives to tell the tale.  The scenery was nice, the Japanese actors terrific, and thankfully the incipient love affair wasn't allowed to blossom on screen, which would have violated every norm of Japanese culture of the time. Maybe I'm taking it too seriously, but the notion that a Westerner could enter this proud, ancient culture with such relative ease seemed almost disrespectful to me. Several reviewers had trouble "getting the idea of honor portrayed in the movie--that's just a measure of how totally impossible the plot is. No Westerner could ever do what Cruise does in this movie. Strictly for fun--don't expect anything remotely realistic.
 I'm a big fan a Japanese period movies.  In all those films, whether they are "high art like Kurosawa's "The Seven Samurai and "Ran", or "low art like "Lone Wolf and Cub or "Zatoichi", one of the prevailing themes is the inherent hypocrisy and injustice embedded in the feudal society of old Japan.  How the characters manage to get by in this oppressive society is almost always a source, if not the primary source, of the drama in the story line.  Japanese filmakers know this.  They know that ancient Japan, while admirable in many respects, was not a eutopia by any stretch of the imagination.  Women were property.  Peasants were considered sub-human.  If you were born into a certain class you remained in that class until you died.  In "The Last Samurai", all these realities are ignored, if not downplayed.  Here the Samurai are portrayed as nothing but completely noble and honorable, innocent victims who merely want to preserve their perfect society.  The Japanese who want to bring Japan into the modern world are all portrayed as corrupt and self-serving, who have no respect for their own cultural heritage.  This is the typical hollywood movie; dumbed down for consumption by an audience that that the filmakers assume is too dumb to understand nuance.  If you want to learn something about Japan and be entertained at the same time, I would recommend the "Shogun mini-series, which gives a much more balanced view, or check out some of the films I mentioned in the first paragraph.
 If you took Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe out of this storyline, it's really nothing but a Steven Seagal/ Chuck Norris movie.  (The Last Samurai is also a reiteration of Harrison Ford's Witness, minus the charm.)  Invincible American white man goes to Asian country, learns their tradition to perfection in a mere two seasons, and becomes one of their leaders to lead them into war, and survives the battlefield while every Japanese samurai gets annihilated, ending in a scene where EVERY Japanese soldier kneels and bows to the great white god on the battlefield.  When you tell a story where the protagonist has ALL the good cards all the time, it makes you question whether the movie has a message, or is just another advancing notch in  cultural imperialism, creating a storyline where natural selection enables the superior party to continue into the next  generation.  I know entertainment should be treated as entertainment and not historical fact or social theory, but when you have highly questionable circumstances, then it throws the other, more important aspects of the movie into question.  Now I understand that this movie is literally a rice queen's dream come true.  I mean, there are very few places in this world where you can kill a man, say "I'm sorry to the hot widow, and end up hopping in the sack with her.  All this while the dead man's surviving children adore and dote over you, the man who killed their father.  Once we question the realism of a man being able to master a form of martial arts in a few months, we begin to question the success rate of whether we, can indeed go around killing men if we want to sleep with their wives.  And if we can't buy into THAT fantasy, well then what the heck is the point of watching the movie!?  The photography was good and the acting wasn't bad.  At one point I wished dearly that the sentimental soundtrack would halt.  War is a horrific act of mankind.  I think this movie went to lengths to capture the reality and horror of war combined with man against machine, and it came stunningly close.  In independent foreign films, war scenes have often been depicted without any lush orchestration.  I think that, is a responsible decision.  I could not help envisioning the battlefield climax without the soundtrack.  Just the hard reality of men's groans, horses neighing, and screams of terror in the stark afternoon air would deliver the message tenfold.  I felt insulted that music needed to be enlisted to "help me feel that way about something so horrific.  Koyuki plays Taka, the widow, who is curiously mute throughout the movie.  It's the stereotypical form of submissiveness that the West is comfortable with when it comes to Asian women.  Cruise's lack of facial expressiveness is hidden by facial hair, so that helped.  All in all, I thought it had great potential.  I gave it an extra star because it came close to capturing how horrific war is, especially when one side is over-armed, and the other has, only honor.
 There are probably two ways of looking at this film. Is this just another hoary entertainment depicting a one-man crusade of a disgruntled loner? Or is this a historical epic that throws some light on a hidden apsect of the U.S-Japanese relations? My view veers toward the former as all I was left with after having see the film is this feeling
 i have last samurai HD DVD and BLU-ray..the HD has a poor sound but the BLU-ray has a great sound...the picture quality is the same for Blu-ray and HD DVD and there`s no much diffrent from regular DVD
 The scenery and set are the best part of the movie, as are the Japanese actors and actresses. The plot is entertaining. Then Tom Cruise comes in and plays, . . . Tom Cruise.  He is a looser ex-military drunk who ends up in Japan and teaches this ancient warrior class how to fight.  Cruise' ego once again is center screen, the pretty boy who can't act ruins another good movie.
 Yes, it's been done before
 There's something that irritates me greatly about this movie.  On the plus side, Cruise's acting is more than passable; the evocation of late 19th-century Japan is convincing; the cinematography, peerless; and the battle scenes, gripping and well-wrought.  But . . .  Has it ever occurred to anybody that Cruise's character was fighting on the WRONG side?  I mean, you've got these boring, stuffy guys in the capital who want to get rid of the samurais, then you have the samurais themselves, living in the mountains in manly splendor like a bunch of maurading Che Guevaras.  Except that all those "boring, stuffy guys in the capital are, when you get right down to it, trying to construct a society BASED ON CONSTITUTIONALISM, CONSENSUAL GOVERNMENT, and THE RULE OF LAW, while the untamed samurai simply long for the perpetuation of the swashbuckling, rule-of-the-strongest-type era in which they were ascendant.  In other words, the "villains of this movie are nothing short of the founders of modern Japan
 The scope is sweeping, the views of Japan are breathtaking and the battles are epic.  I was predisposed to like this movie, I love almost anything Akira Kurosawa has done from the Hidden Fortress, to the 7 Samurai to Ran (his masterpiece). However, unfortunately for the Last Samurai it takes more to make a movie, like a plot and characters. The screenplay is pathetic and the message is twisted and sick. Feudal Japan was great, but only if you were a samurai, you had the right of summary execution if you were insulted, (hence everyone is sooo polite), and you didn't have to bust your butt in the rice paddies, nice work if you can get it.  At best the movie, like the repressive society it defends is mysoginistic. Japan is better off entering the 19th century (unified country, modern medicine, less repressive society), and gets into trouble when it takes the twisted codes of bushido into the 20th century, killing prisiones (see the book The Rape of Nanking
 i may pick this film, but I think that certain things take away from the overall story. first, i think it would have been better completely without Tom Cruise's character. Just Ken Watanabe's character. Secondly, there was this one part where you watch Tom Cruise fight some guys, then directly after, you have to watch it over again. it was supposed to add dramatic effect, but i hated it. i already saw it once, why do i have to see it again? finally, the ending sucked. it was just Tom Cruise acting like he was an angry drunk and it didn't make any sense why he didn't die. Ken Watanabe's character was actually cool, why did he die and Tom Cruise live? other than that, it was a pretty good film.
 First off, The Good
 Tom Cruise is miscast here.  The long battle scenes were gruesome and gratuitous.  The story was nearly lost as a result.  What we get with modern action/adventure/war films is a sensory assult.  They're loud and excessive and overdone in every way.  Look at old movies when directors had respect for the audience and the point of the movie was the story.  I'm tired of being masturbated upon by these modernists.  I'm not seeing any more new movies until I see more of the great old ones.  I recently saw Paths of Glory with Kirk Douglas/directed by Stanley Kubrick.  Although Kubrick was certainly a bit twisted himself and some of his later films showed it, this early film is a success.  I'd recommend it, not this.
 I lived in Japan for several years and spent allot of time going to Japanese cinema which was full of samaurai epics so I was interested in this film....I want to it reluctantly tho because I am NOT a Cruise fan. Basically he portrays himself in every film he does. Gee, maybe that is why he has never won an academy award.....has he ever been nominated? I don't think so....... The only redeeming part of this film was the story, the wonderful scenery, and the supporting cast. I frankly would have loved to have seen more of them and allot less of him......unfortunately this particular film did not develop their character as much as "Dances With Wolves developed the Sioux characters. The Meiji period was an interesting time for Japan and this could have been much better.
 Three faults of the The Last Samurai (2003)
 Edward Zwick delivers us a regurgitated version of "Dances With Wolves only this time with Japanese culture instead of Indians.  The story line is very much like "Dances With Wolves in the way that Tom Cruise makes a transformation from a "Bad Guy in the beginning and becomes a "Good Guy later on in the film as he joins up with the loyal Japanese samurai soldiers.  The direction is poetic and confident.  Cruise is serviceable, but not memorable.  The real steal in the film is the acting by Ken Watanabe.  His character really moves and enlightens you.  There's an effortless grace that he posesses.  I would recommend this film to anyone who likes sweeping epic dramas.
 This is not really a bad movie. It is just that it is impossible to take seriously. The movie takes itself so seriously that the viewer is dispensed of the obligation. As for the subject matter, the thing comes off as a Gilbert and Sullivan opera gone wrong. A comic opera with no comedy. A set of characters move around in front of lavishly colored back-drops, say things to one another, asiatics murmur inscrutably and doll-like women tip-toe around like Fred Flintstone at a bowling alley. The only thing missing is the  plinlinglinglingling  sound of high piano keys to accompany their movements. What's that? You say I am being unfair? Again, I am not saying this is a bad film, it is just an humorless and a pointless one. It is not a dramatization of historical events, so... what could possibly be the point? It might as well depict some kind of Boxer Rebellion that takes place on the moon, wherin Buzz Aldrin, after being kidnapped by lunar monks, decides to throw in with them as they storm Apollo 11. The climactic scene is where he stabs Neil Armstrong through the space suit with a pair of geologists tongs and tries to burn the American flag in the the nonexistent lunar atmosphere. Who can care about a scenario like this?
 I am dumb  Truly dumb  I wish I had read more about the REAL 'Last Samurai,' Saigo Takamori , before writing this review yesterday. I retract my initial impression, retract a star, and absolutely do NOT recommend this insidious, slyly racist movie in any manner.  I know there are many who will say, "Well, it's no different than 'Braveheart,' or 'Dances With Wolves.'  Actually, it is. Utterly.  In 'Braveheart,' they took a historical figure and made him the six-million dollar man - faster, stronger, better than before. William Wallace was pumped up to cartoonish proportions, and GIVEN more than he achieved.  In 'Dances With Wolves,' the main character lived with the Native Americans and shared their lives...he wasn't put forth as influencing history and creating supposed historical fact.  In 'The Last Samurai,' nothing gets accomplished by the Japanese without the influence, leadership and direction of a totally artificial, Caucasian character.  History is stripped from those who made it, and placed at the feet of Racism. Remove that White character and his supposed 'accomplishments,' from the story, and nothing would have been done - there would have been no battle of Satsuma, Japan would have entered into a trade agreement with the US in 1876, the Samurai would be wringing their hands in the hills, wondering what to do.  Revisionist History at its sneakiest, and most insidiously damaging, because it is not that overt.  THe Fiction as I the dumb owner of the Crpgroup see it.  Starring a miscast Tom Cruise as an alcoholic, wise-cracking, cocky washed-up ex-Civil War hero and former Indian Fighter who holds the rank of Captain in the U. S. Cavalry, `The Last Samurai' opens with a dream - a white tiger battling shadowy Samurai. The tiger is leader Katsumoto `s (Ken Watanabi) standard in battle, a line of semi-interesting symbolism that is abandoned not long into the story, once it is ham-handedly flapped in our faces that the White Tiger represents Cruise's character.  Katsumoto is one of the Emperor of Japan's last remaining links to the old ways; the leader of the rebelling Samurai and in very real danger of losing his life, either via assasination or suicide. Emperor Meiji (Shichinosuke Nakamura) is hardly more than a teenager, and simply mad for all things Western. He wishes to know everything about the West, and will drag his own people, kicking and screaming if he must, into a trade alliance. The Samurai, being loyal to the Empire, do not wish to abandon the traditional ways of the ancestors. They believe in rebelling, they are doing the greatest service for him they are capable of.  Meet Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a haunted man who drinks to keep his nightmares at bay, which only works somewhat. Once a celebrated Indian Fighter, he is reduced to promoting the new Winchester repeating rifles at fairs, until he loses his job after his latest oafish, dangerous performance. What is the Captain haunted by? Memories of slaughter, and bullets ripping through the bodies of Indian women and children, under the guise of military "orders".  Enter Omura, (Masato Harada) The Emperor's advisor, aka Snidely Whiplash2. He wishes to hire Algren and his dopily evil former commanding officer, Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn) to come to Japan, and teach the army there Western techniques, with Western arms and armament. In spite of the Captain's drunken rudeness, the offer is made and accepted, and off across the Ocean they sail.  Upon arrival in Japan, after a nerve wracking audience with the young Emperor, Captain Algren sets out to teach the 'army,' which consists of mostly farmers and young men, who have never handled Western firearms before. He shows them a thing or two, which leads to the setup for the Captain to lead his raw recruits against the remaining Samurai, who are in rebellion against the Emperor's decision to open to the West.  The Samurai handily trounce the recruits, badly wound, then capture Captain Algren, and whisk him off to the mountains because he's just that cool...this takes place in early Fall.  By early Spring, Algren has become a better Samurai than the Samurai themselves, taught himself Japanese, become the new crush of the widow of a Samurai warrior he killed and become the father-figure to her sons, taught himself Buddhism, cured his alcoholism, and battled a veteran Samurai to a draw in a pitched match-up.  (sigh)  See Drunken Tom. See Broody Tom battle internal demons. See Benevolent Tom teach the childish Japanese army how to shoot effectively. See Tiger Tom hold off eight Samurai, with a stick. See Charming/Sexy Tom win over everyone in four months, from the widow of a warrior he killed, to the warrior's sons, to the Samurai themselves. See GI Joe Tom become proficient in Martial Arts, without being taught. See T2 Tom kick a bunch of Ninja's butts. See Patriarchal Tom and his new friends go back to town. See the Samurai get humiliated and imprisoned. See Father Tom rescue the hapless Samurai. See Wise Tom become head advisor to an ineffectual Katsumoto. See Messianic Tom talk Katsumoto out of the basic code of the Samurai. See Military Strategy Tom teach the Samurai about fighting (gag). See Action-Figure Tom lead the last stand of the Samurai. See Bullet-proof Tom get nailed repeatedly with heavy gatling gun fire...and not die. See Intrusive Tom steal Katsumoto's final honor.  See me ramble on and on about this great  hyped movie. That I said I do like other elements of the movie, which contradict some of what I said.  The battle scenes are excellent, the effects are spectacular.  A big ol' bitch-slap to those who wrote this, like myself trying to rip the movie to shreads. Still I think its my own biased  ego that prevents me from recommending the film just  like recommending anything by people who like  some of Tom Cruise's other serious work.
 I happen to see this film tonight and for the life of me I can not fathom the near universal praise. Let me start with Mr.Cruise .While Born on the 4th revealed he had some emotional depth and especially his work in Magnolia, in this film he is absolutely awful.He runs the gamut from A to B.The opening scene where he has to act "drunk I  could literally  "see him acting.The rest of the film he has a total of three facial expressions.One; the glowering warrior all squinting eyes and clenched jaw,noble,resolute and certain of his convictions.Two,the compassionate puppy dog either staring blankly at the widow or with supposed affection for her two boys.And lastly ,the Zen look where he visualises scenes of combat or contemplates the idyllic life of the Japanese peasants. Why do so many American films have this obsession of placing caucasian males in usually exotic or third world scenarios where the White man has the duty to civilize the natives ,attract the native wenches and somehow be an apologist for Vietnam,slavery,the American Indians or any socially relevant cause. This film is deeply insulting to the Japanese as it portrays them in the same old stereotypes.The xenophobic,emotionally stunted ,devious and insular Asian. Beyond the superbly staged action scenes, this film is  just another one off the Hollywood conveyor belt in the tradition of "Genghis Khan with the original "Top Gun ,the Duke. As i came out of the theater I couldnt believe that they still make this kind of rubbish in 2003.
 Well. I don't like Tom Cruise. I might actually go so far as to say he is my least favourite person ever. So immediately I was at a loss as to see what he adds to this film. Maybe if the actor was taller. He's so short. It's the quite literal worst film ever. I HATE IT! I HATE IT! I HATE IT! OK. So he goes around karating and samurai-ing. And everyone's like, Oh hell! It's the Cruise man. And I was like, oh HELL, LET'S WATCH SOMETHING ELSE! And Ryder was like, I'm still alive, let's not have a Potter incident. And I was angry with that, so I was like 'RAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH!!! DIE!' and I slit him good. He was out of it after that. Fool.
 Gumnaam (Raja Nawathe, 1965)  One wag, reviewing this film for IMDB, called it "the Plan 9 of India", and I can't say he's terribly far off in that. While it was obviously meant as a mystery/thriller (IMDB also reports the script was based on Agatha Christie's Ten Little Indians, which would bring new latitude to the definition of the term "loose"), watching it forty-five years later, Gumnaam has all the hallmarks of a classic unintentional comedy. This would have been great fodder for MST3K. (Note to self
 I had to check I was watching a terminator movie.  Lots of explosions, and lots of explosions.. did i mention stuff blows up constantly? You would think I would have been glued to my seat.. but I got pretty bored with this movie.  And the hybrid terminator that was more advanced than the Arny T101 was built by humans?  And the young Kyle Reese was kind of a dork.  If this was a free streaming movie on Prime I would have stopped watching it, but I paid 2.99 so I decided to see if it got any better.... NO.  It may be useful for like wallpaper background video while you have people over and your cranking some decent music.
 I loved the first three Terminator movies, they all had heart to them! But this one was a bit of a mis-fire! What I liked about it
 Terminator Salvation is the fourth installment of the famed Terminator series, originally started by James Cameron with 1984's  
 Let me begin this by saying that I am a very big Terminator fan.  I loved the three previous films, the third being the weakest in my opinion, and even loved the way that the television series was so true to the mythology of The Terminator.  Though the Terminator Salvation did stay true to the mythology in terms of characters, location and historic story development.it simply fell short.  Mc.G is an okay director....though the only thing I really half like of his is Charlies Angels full throttle.  The cast is outstanding, and do put in a good performance...but the overall story of the film is wanting.  Unlike the previous Terminator outings this film is not about fighting the future...instead this film is about a futuristic fight.  The Terminator story line was simplified into a futuristic war movie.  Don't get me wrong...it was kinda cool to see the war with the machines in live action...but they could have and should have done more to make this story not only follow the mythology but "feel like a Terminator film, quite literally you could have called this film Transformers 1 1/2 and it would have been just as good.  The need for the future to be unknown, changing, and chasing after the present is one of the coolest things about the Terminator movie franchise and is one of the things that is desperately missing from this film...and keeps it from fitting comfortably in the Terminator series.  I literally felt robbed after this film, not only does the film not feel like a Terminator movie...but after its all said and done, as a viewer you realize that it was nothing more than a set up for a squeal.  The failure for the Production Team to get the idea of the Terminator Mythos correct is devastating to this movie, and the shotty writing and reliance on spacial effects to carry the film is it's downfall.  In short this movie is allot of popcorn fun...but a very bad Terminator Movie.
 The movie was well made with action, action, and then more action. I couldn't really find a plot or figure out just exactly who the good guys were until nearly the end of the movie. Teenagers will love it. Adults will probably get bored, like I did
 This review is for the unrated extended blu-ray version. Plenty of spoilers so read at your own discretion. Although, my expectations for this movie were pretty low to begin with, since the movie wasn't directed by James Cameron and T3 wasn't as good as T2, I was at least expecting something that would extend the terminator storyline and mythology from the television show The Sarah Connor Chronicles (which was an excellent TV series) and from the comics. Unfortunately, the people who wrote the script for this movie and the director, McG are completely ignorant and clueless when it comes to the entire Terminator canon. Nothing in this movie makes any sense when you consider the previous three films. It's like these people just threw out everything from the first three films and then started making up stuff as they went along without any thought into what came before or the history that Cameron created.  First, in this movie the machines all know who John Connor is which makes no sense if you follow the history. The audience is so used to the idea that Skynet knows all about Connor that this error usually passes over them without any thought, but what they forget is that only the machines from the future know who Connor is and only because of what he WILL accomplish in the future. He hasn't done ANYTHING yet. All the terminators from the previous films were from the future while the machines in this movie are in the present. The machines have just wiped out most of humanity and now sees them nothing more than a bunch of insects to finish exterminating. Connor at this point is just another insect so this idea that he is somehow important to them is ludicrous. Don't give me this crap about him being seen as a prophecy or messiah either.  Second mistake is that the machines all know who Kyle Reese is which provides one of the biggest plot holes in this movie and goes against even common sense. The entire purpose of the first movie was that the machines didn't know who the father was so their only alternative was to terminate the mother which is why they built the damn time machine in the first place, in order to wipe out his entire existence. In fact information about the father was so secretive that not even Kyle Reese knew it. If the machines know who Kyle Reese is then why the hell would they even bother building the time machine when Connor's very existence depends on it? How the hell are they going to explain that in future sequels if there will be one? This is a massive disaster of a plot hole that can't be overlooked and can't be explained. It's idiotic. And don't give me this crap about alternate timelines or other theories on time travel that's different from the one used in Back to the Future. The rules of time travel and the theory used from the first trilogy have already been in place which is the Back to the Future scenario so you just don't make up new rules and change the canon to suit your logic. That's similar to that idiotic scene from AVP Requiem when the Predalien lays eggs inside pregnant women for the sole purpose of increasing the alien infestation. Only the damn queen lays eggs, stupid! And that still wouldn't explain why Skynet builds the time machine in the future either!  Third plothole is when Skynet captures Kyle Reese they don't decide to execute him right then and there but instead have some kind of elaborate plot in order to lure Connor to execute him. Does this make any sense? What the hell was McG (what the hell kind of name is this) and the writers thinking when they came to this scene? Forget about your stupid theories on time travel when you can't apply it here (see second plot hole). This is so blatantly stupid that words can't describe the idiocy behind it. Who writes this stuff and not see the inherent problems with it?  Fourth problem was when Connor arrives the T800, instead of breaking Connor's neck decides to play ball with him by throwing him around. I thought T800s have detailed files on human anatomy and how to efficiently terminate humans. You'd think that having their biggest sought out target within their grasp they'd kill him as quickly as possible and with a gun instead of a naked unarmed Arnold.  Fifth problem comes at the end when they need to do a heart transplant on John, using Marcus's heart. This scene was supposedly changed due to leakage of the original script but it still doesn't excuse it's sloppiness. This scene requires that Marcus is an acceptable donor, plenty of immunosuppressive drugs, a heart surgeon and a team of anesthetics and not a veterinarian, and a sterile environment instead of the open desert. I was cringing at this scene and thank God it didn't last very long.  Now as for the movie itself, if you are completely ignorant of the previous three films this movie would be somewhat entertaining for the action scenes alone which were very thrilling. But the audience doesn't really care about any of the characters except for maybe Marcus so the movie become nothing more than one action set piece after another. There's really no character development or insight into who these people are and why we should care about them. What made T2 and other movies like it so successful is that we get to know the characters where the audience have an emotional investment so we are concerned about them and anxiously curious about what will happen next. The action is there to supplant the characters not drive them. This movie should have been about how John Connor becomes leader of the Resistance and help humanity come back from the brink of extinction instead of this goofball storyline filled with plot holes. I won't bother going into the special features on the blu-ray or the deleted scenes which have already been discussed. I'll just add that the video transfer is impeccable and the audio is excellent as well and is what is expected from blu-ray by now.  In conclusion, if you are expecting forgetful mindless action, explosions with killer robots, and don't necessarily care about character development or plot then this movie is adequate. But if you are a fan of the terminator franchise then you will be sorely disappointed from the glaring plot holes, mistakes, and literal lack of respect for the mythology and the fan base. It's comparable to George Lucas using midichlorians to explain the Force. Much like having top tiered actors in The Phantom Menace, not even Christian Bale aka Batman can save this turkey. Time to terminate this franchise or return it back to Cameron.
 Upon learning that Hollywood is about to flog a dead horse, with the help of two amateur 'schmuck' producers, one could not help but be apprehensive. However, with Christian Bale onboard, things got interesting. Fresh from his stunning success of "The Dark Knight", Bale might infuse credibility into an already exhausted franchise that spanned 25 years.  When McG was announced as the director, one could only reflect on how much McG's body of work pales in comparison to that of James Cameron's. Cameron was smart enough not to touch any further Terminator sequels with a ten-foot pole. He has finished telling his story with T2 and decided to leave it at that. Unfortunately, Arnie had to make T3 as his swansong before his foray into governorship in order to boost his flagging popularity.  Now, we come to this
 Sometimes, you wonder when it's time to stop, and let a franchise die.  Or at the least, make sure the story is coherent and fits in well with what's come before.  But most importantly, try to give the story weight.  If we don't care about what's going on, pretty much nothing is going to save the film, and that's the problem with Terminator Salvation.  Taking place in 2018, the film follows the famed John Connor and newcomer Marcus Wright, as both men fight for their lives in the post-judgment day world.  Killer machines roam the skies and the ground.  While the resistance has found a possible way to shut down the machines for good, the fate of mankind hangs in the balance, as the legendary Kyle Reese, John's father, has been found.  The problem is, the machines are after him.  With both John and Skynet after Kyle, both sides must fight for the fate of the future.  When I first saw the movie in theaters, I left feeling that the film was, at best, an average action adventure movie.  After seeing it again on DVD, time has not been kind to "Salvation", as the story feels very disjointed and choppy, as if the film was hacked to pieces and then edited back together.  It feels like entire segments of the film are missing, and the second half of the film moves too quickly for us to get emotionally interested.  By the time the end credits rolled around, I just didn't care.  I didn't care about the characters, I didn't care about the story, or even the action.  This is probably Terminator Salvation's biggest problem...for all the action sequences, for all the nods to the previous films, the story is the weakest yet in the series.  While the idea of saving Kyle Reese to ensure the events of the future/past happen sounds like a great idea, having the film jump back and forth between Marcus and John makes it feel disjointed.  We don't get time to understand the characters in any meaningful way, besides the most basic of reasons.  John wants to save Kyle.  Marcus wants to find out who he is.  Barnes wants to avenge his brother's offscreen death.  Kyle wants to stay alive.  As a result, we have a cast of essentially one dimensional characters that pale in comparison to the cast of the previous three films.  Some, like Star, are completely unnecessary and could have been cut from the script.  Say what you will about Terminator 3 (I personally really enjoyed it), but it had a focused plot that added to the franchise's mythology with the revelation that Judgment day was just postponed, not stopped.  The film had weight to it, making us wonder if the heroes were going to stop Judgement Day once again.  Here, everything is back to the status quo at the end.  There are no long term changes or consequences of the ongoing story.  There's just no emotional weight to what's going on, and coupled with the disjointed pacing and thin characters, the film feels utterly flat.  Considering how all the previous stories have at least contributed much to the ongoing story, "Salvation"'s story is a disappointment.  With the poor story and characters, we're left with the action sequences, and regrettably, they don't fare much better.  We have the standard chase scenes with cars, assaults on Skynet bases, and fights with killer robots, but most feel like your standard issue summer action scenes.  The nighttime escape scene in the forest, for example, is utterly flat, save for the sequence in the river.  Then there's the giant transformer like robot at the gas station...I thought it was goofy in the theater, and it's only worse in a second viewing.  Why not replace it with a giant Skynet tank instead?  Why not a whole group of T-600's out to capture human prisoners?  This giant just feels out of place here.  Yet, despite it's stumbling, "Salvation does get a few things right.  The overall mood and art design of the film, with it's shades of greys, blacks, and blues, does an excellent job creating a post apocalyptic world, and I did like the idea of showing us what the war between man and machine looked like before the technology of lasers and time travel is created.  Sam Worthington does a good job of conveying the tough, yet confused Marcus, and Anton Yelchin is outstanding as a young Kyle Reese, and is easily the best actor of the film, making you believe that he really is a young version of Michael Biehn.  It's also a nice treat that Linda Hamilton returned to do voice overs for John's famous audio tapes.  The opening action sequence, an assault on a Skynet Base set amongst dozens of giant satellite dishes, is quite exciting.  But the best part of the film easily comes in the third act, with a cameo appearance by a well known character from the previous films...it's only after this character appears that the film finally becomes really interesting.  But in the end, "Salvation is a disappointing entry into the Terminator franchise.  With it's weak story, weak characters, choppy pacing, and below average to average action sequences, there's really not much to recommend it here.  There are a few good action sequences, and a few good performances by the actors, but that's really it.  Terminator fans will probably get the most out of it, but everyone else should stick to the first three films.
 I agree with everything everyone has said. FoX and WB can Kiss my you know what. Way to pull TSCC in favor of Dollhouse, we all saw how that worked out and now hey lets further fray the fan base with their shoving blue ray down our throats to get the movie we really wanted to see. I wish James Cameron had the means to buy his baby back and do this thing right. Screw Fox and WB. I still liked the movie but I'm tired of the Pg-13 ratings and blue ray being forced upon me. I already spent my money on a 300 Dvd collection! Im not building a blue ray collection. Is it better, yeah, but hollywood has made enough money off of me. Thanks for making me hate you more Fox and WB, hope you got what you wanted. I am just one person but I am sure you have just alienated over half of the fans you had left. Good movie poor distribution content.
 A few good ideas that were just terribly, terribly executed.  The reverse time traveler. I enjoyed that idea. Sam Worthington, con on death row is executed, but before dying signs his life away to Cyberdyne systems, wakes up in the future, and spends it trying to piece together what happened. Cool.  Beyond that...what the heck? The first two movies (the REAL terminator movies) had this ever present mood to them. Mass human genocide was coming and there was nothing that they could do about it. People were going to die and it was just...really, depressing and threatening and remained this heavy presence just over the horizon.  But with Salvation...the apocalypse comes and...it's no big deal. Apparently much of the military managed to survive (chain of command included)John Connor is just a cog in the system who spouts gibberish over the radio, and... his father from the future is a fun loving, happy go lucky rogue... None of which connects to the previous movies very well.  There is no emotional connection in this movie. The characters are just...boring. They're cardboard cut outs of people, people created to serve a purpose, but never given a chance to ever seem like real people. Hot American Indian chick, plot device to show Sam Worthington's character's humanity, and predictably help him out of a tight spot.  John Connor (Christan Bale), auto distrusts all machines which makes no sense given the previous movies. And we can't even go into all of the stupid mistakes that he makes for someone that was trained as a soldier and should know what the terminators are capable of. Bryce Howard playing John Connor's wife... Why does John Connor need a wife? Why does his wife play no conceivable purpose in the story whatsoever other than being there? And could someone please tell me why Common was even in the movie other than he wanted to be? He must have something like 2 lines.  I think it's a steaming pile of crap. But I'll admit people have disagreed with me.  If you ignore the previous movies and take it as a stand alone. It's okay...maybe. I just feel that the studios have done to terminator what they did with the Aliens franchise. The good writer/director leaves and then the studios go right ahead and f- it up.  If you liked Alien vs Predator (all 5 of you) than you might enjoy this movie. The rest stay away...stay far away.
 How bad can a Terminator movie with Christian Bale (AND Sam Worthington), a big budget, and access to modern special effects be?  Pretty darn bad.  It plays like a cheesy Mad Max movie - except it wasn't produced in Australia with a then-unknown brand new actor and a low budget in the '70's.  The key "reveal of the movie is thrown away almost accidentally. No psychological, wonder if, wonder what, build up. No doubt or surprise when a team member switches sides. In short, these days even comic books are much deeper.  Don't get me started about the young actor who plays Kyle Reese, John Connor's future time traveling father. He was completely unsuited to the role! (But played an excellent "Chekhov in the Star Trek reboot the same year.)  I won't say don't waste your money on it. But don't have much in the way of high expectations.  And stand in awe of James Cameron, who with spit for budget kicked off this series in the first place, with the low budget, but high impact, original Terminator.
 T4 is a film that had so much potential but sadly barely fails to deliver. I love the imagery of the film, the smoky, grimy dirtiness of everything, the decaying city vistas. The acting was actually good, not on the level of T2 but still well enough to keep the audience absorbed in the film. Sam Worthington in his American debut, even though he had already filmed `Avatar', steals the movie from Christian Bale.  Salvation lacks something. We get see the T-600 models of the Terminators, but we don't get to see them in full force, only three or four personal encounters and not a full on battle in the post nuclear wasteland. It's not an actual war movie and that's what Terminator fans wanted to see, full on early battles between humanity and Skynet that were hinted at in the first two films, but instead we only get commando raids that begin and end the movie with formulaic action sequences in between.  We also don't see John Conner lead. He's either being bossed around by command or working with a small number. It's Marcus who's the real star and a far more interesting story. A criminal gets the needle in ought three suddenly wakes up fifteen years later in the middle of a destroyed laboratory and must figure out what the hell is going on and becomes horribly freaked out when he discovers that he's actually just a heart and a brain inside a synthetic body.
 This DVD is heavy on the special effects and light on the plot. Having seen all of the terminator movies, there has been a downward spiral since "The Governator left the scene. Given the economic state of California, who knows, maybe he will "be back as promised. On the other hand, Terminator the TV Series is excellent. Much better than the movies. The scripts are written very well with a great deal of novel ideas worked into the plot that are technologically sound. For example, the notion that sophisticated traffic management systems could be the precursor to the terminator's nervous system was an inspired parallel. 
 I was disappointed in this sequel, tho the special effects and most action was terrific. The plot was disjointed and the characters unclear to me. The ending was predictable early on, and was a clone of "I Robot. The film's monotone coloration was depressing, and the Terminators stereotypic - including their menacing growls (huh?) and skeletal teeth (they eat hot dogs?) The attempt to weave in Arnold S. at the end and reproduce the molton-steel gimmick (Terminator 2)felt disjointed and like an afterthot. Save your money.
 &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  &lt;&lt;SPOILER>>  Short_N_Sweet
 If you love the Terminator franchise...well, you'd HAVE to love it to endure this mess.  The first two flicks were awesome, of course.  The third?  Not so much.  T4?  The downward spiral continues.  Huge budget, talented actors and great story material are all majestically pissed away.  The Charlie's Angels films were light and fun but McG needed to introduce a bunch of peripheral characters that would have been fine in another film but who cares?  I didn't and that was the problem.  Bryce Howard gets to walk around with big eyes.  Christian Bale gets to play in some over-the-top effects sequences.  Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood(sp?) get to have a romance and why do we need this or care?  All of these people are extremely talented and again, the effects?  More or less spectacular.  But I found myself apathetic.  In the earlier films you found a stake in the characters and cared.  With T4 I felt like I was watching a play by Max Fisher.  Well done but just not the real deal.
 Terminator Salvation 2009 / 115 min. / PG-13  Synopsis
 Well this is a crying shame. I love Terminator and T2. McG wanted James Cameron's blessing on this film and , proving he is no dummy, Cameron did not give it to him. Smart man. McG came from music videos and it shows. In his own furiously fast fashion this is a love letter to Cameron. There are iconic lines, a weird looking Arnie, Linda Hamilton's voice (sorta), and the actors do what they can with the material; calling it cheesy dialog is an insult to cheese. This isn't Christian Bale's movie, it's Sam Worthington's and he does a fabulous job. Bale is his usual intense self playing a soldier trying to survive and be a leader and a husband without losing his mind. The directing is terrible. Worse than terrible. This isn't "Batman and Robin or anything, but if you saw the trailer/preview, you saw the movie. And that is a tragedy. Cameron created a series with meat; McG serves you a packaged salad without  dressing and expects you to be happy about it.
 I thought Salvation was decent, and I was definitely considering purchasing it when it arrives on DVD...well, not anymore. The DVD version is only coming with the theatrical cut while the Blu-ray is coming with that AND the director's cut. Why? DVD is far from being a dead format. I know the studios and such are trying to promote Blu-ray and whatnot, but there are plenty of other ways to do this. Until the director's cut is available on DVD, no purchase from me.
 Nothing new happens in this movie. It has plenty of action, mostly in the form of explosions, but nothing in the movie actually moves the Terminator story line forward. The viewer goes out where he came in.  Equally frustrating is that the movie insults the viewer's intelligence with lazy plot devices. For example, there are scenes involving the movement of massive, clanking machines, yet characters aren't even aware of the machines until the machines are on top of them. Or consider that barrels of oil or gasoline, or tubes of molten metal or liquid nitrogen are conveniently ubiquitous so characters can shoot them when needed to make an explosion or melt some machine.  The movie is riddled with such devices. They play out, one after another, for about two hours. Nothing else happens. We learn nothing new.  My recommendation is to skip this awful addition to the T series.
 Earth is destroyed except for a few people and the machines.  John Connor gives Resistance radio pep-talks with all the inspiration of an annual tax form.  Death-row guy discovers that Skynet made him an infiltration Terminator and he screams, "Noooooo!  Lots of fighting.  Stuff blows up.  Machines buzz.  Connor always escapes as the lone survivor of man-machine slaughtering while death-row infiltration Terminator keeps on fighting to save the day.  Neither man nor machine is deserving of victory and there's no prize for the winner.  It's just two hours of stuff grinding together.
 I'll start out by saying that I love The Terminator franchise, concepts, and basically the universe of ideas that Cameron spawned within his mind a long time ago.  However, I must say that there were only two things that stopped this review from getting one star rather than two.  One being that Christian Bale was in this movie, as he is one of my favorite actors, however is performance here was lacking.  The second would be the special effects which were very well done.  The rest of the movie though basically sucks, as did T3.  The rest of the cast sucks, even B.D. Howard, and they give a third rate performance.  And the plot?  Don't get me started.  Where is the continuity here?  Fox's "The Sarah Connors Chronicles keeps continuity more in line, stemming from T2.  T3 sucked so bad that it doesn't even count.  Thank God for special effects and Bale, or this film could have been T3 part two.  We can always think...what could have been. Peace and Love, Jake
 The Bottom Line
 I have really liked the the first three movies, even the goofy third. This one was difficult to follow. The individual acting was good with very nice especial effects. However, the plot was really simple with few surprises and figuring out why some of the important characters were important was distracting. It turns out that aside from Conner and Reese, they weren't. Not really. Then, we have the end. I felt it was straining for some deep moral/ethical statement, but just struck me as empty, loose and amateurish. I think it's really time to Terminate this series 
 Blu-ray is great, but there's no reason why the few extra minutes found in the Director's Cut couldn't make it to the DVD.  It's not like a different form of media like DVD was to VHS.  Both DVD and Blu-ray are digital.  The difference?  Blu-ray can hold more data.  They look and sound better - great - but is that a reason why you have to make that the ONLY way to own the Director's Cut?  Now, I really wanted to buy the Director's Cut DVD of this film, but it will only be on Blu-Ray.  Does the studio think I'm going to buy a Blu-Ray player just for 'Terminator Salvation?'  LOL no.  I didn't even do that for 'The Dark Knight.'  So, all the studio is doing is losing money by forcing me to have to download the Director's Cut, rather than purchase the DVD (which I wanted to do, since I have all of the other 'Terminator' films).  So, it looks like they'll be losing a lot of money with this stupid stunt of theirs.  People who don't have Blu-Ray aren't going to buy a player just for a movie like this, so this was a bad idea.  Instead, people who want to see the Director's Cut are just going to find alternative methods to do so, which will completely cut the studio out of the profit.  Good going.  (I just wanted to update this review to say that I've fully embraced Blu-ray but I don't like how extras/Director's Cuts don't always come on both formats!)
 I decided to rent it first because I wasnt 100% sure about if this movie was any good. In my humble opinion, this didnt hold a candle to the first 2 Terminator movies..it was flat. Completely flat. Like watching a blank TV screen for 2 hours. It lacked any of the ingredients that made the first 2 superior films. Even the 3rd Terminator film was better than this dribble. The film really just dragged for me and didn't have enough plot or story to hold my interest. This was another 2009 movie that spends a lot for explosions but zero on characterization. The characters were unlikeable & just bland to show any real interest. Who knew John Connor would be a boring/bland character as an adult ? Sure there are a few moments with the Terminator robots going after the characters (what was Christian Bale thinking??) but it wasn't much. It was a whole lot of nothing going on. Even the naked "Schwartzenegger Terminator running around trying to kill Connor wasn't anything special Arnold Schwarzenegger may not be that great a governor but at least the Terminator movies he did had substance, a good story and a director who knew what it takes to make a good science fiction futuristic story with characters to root for a care about. If they make another Terminator film it should be directed by James Cameron in other words. I would only see it if you like the Terminator series & are curious to see this one. They shouldn've really stuck at 2 to be blunt..
 I saw Terminator
 People who have grown up with the Terminator franchise go to see these movies not only for the action, but for storyline.  In all Terminator movies (yes this includes number 3) except this one, the action is not the driving force in the story, rather a compliment.  Perfect example of this is in T2, this movie is not about an awesome liquid metal robot (he is awesome).  T2 is about how a machine at times can be more human than us, so this is a character study.  That is my big criticism with T4, it is a good action movie but thats it, there is no story.  I did not care if John connor lived, and if you don't care if the "saviior of mankind lives, than there is something wrong here.  I felt as if I was watching someone playing a video game.
 In Mad Max there was a guy named Max, and we got to see some stuff about him, his life, and the world he lives in, and at least some of us came to like him, respect him, and maybe even admire him, so that when his wife and kid get brutally murdered it's not just a random act of violence like we see on TV, or read about in papers every day.  The people most responsible for Terminator Salvation do not appear to understand this, and maybe someone should tell them.  It's less a film than an ad for action figures.  Were there any action figures?  I know 7-11 had cups.  I doubt they sold very many.  And I'm positive they didn't have any 5-story tall terminator machines that could sneak up on people in the middle of an arid wasteland.
 Terminator "Lite  Very mild spoiler alert...  The title of Terminator
 Well, this week I've watched three recently released action films.  And in my opinion, CGI is just over the top!  Movies just don't look real anymore.  They look just too animated and kind of fake.  I just watched the new Star Trek, G. I. Joe, and this new fourth installment of The Terminator saga.  The action scenes are now more intense, unrealistic, and overwhelming.  There is so much LESS story, human interaction, compassion, and drama, and MORE visual screen consuming effects.  They even had a computer animated Terminator of Arnold Schwarzennegger.  This goes to show that pretty soon, movies won't even need actors anymore.  Computer animators will create new movie stars (heroes and villains).  Technology, again, is removing the human element of upcoming future jobs and physical social interaction.  And, about the argument about Blue-Ray over the standard DVD
 WARNING SPOILERS!!! What was the point of the movie? That's the question I kept asking myself after the movie. What was the point of the movie besides making money and gearing up for the obvious sequel a few years down the road.  Terminator Salvation in my opinion is by far the worst terminator movie mainly because there is no point to the movie. No big secrets are revealed nothing new was done that hasn't been done before and better, and the story went no where except to make money and to get ready for more movies down the road.  The only actors that had any impact were Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood. They were the only two that felt alive during this movie. Christian Bale did a terrible job, and he's a good actor two. Which reflects badly on the director McG. After all he did direct the two bad Charlie's Angles movies.  The only real good thing about this movie were the special effects, but if that's the best thing you can say about a movie that isn't animated than that's not saying much.  Overall
 BLU-RAY 3 DISC REVIEW  "Terminator Salvation created high hopes for the salvation of this profitable franchise for the studio as well as for fans of the original films James Cameron made. While I was initially disappointed with the film and the major gaps of logic/storytelling that dogs the film, there are a number of scenes that suggest a much better movie was steamrolled by studio interference, budget cuts and last minute rewriting. T4 had potential buried in it which makes the film all the more disappointing. Still of you set your brain on cruise control and just enjoy the ride it's a mindless diversion although hardly in the same category as T1 or T2 much less the enjoyable but inferior T3.  SPOILERS IN MY PLOT SYNPOSIS
 This movie was really boring. I couldn't stay up. The photography is dull. The final battle is too similar T1,T2 and Aliens and quite frankly expected more. I missed Arnold big time. The TV series is far superior. I only managed to watch the directors cut and often the scenes/editing comes off as dull. Bale lacks any form of Charisma and Worthington is actually not required. Moon Bloodgood/Bryce Dallas Howard are wasted here. T3 may have had it's faults but it was far more entertaining than this, and the leads actually had better things to do. This movie reminds me of Mummy 3.
 ***CONTAINS SPOILERS***  With the exception of a few interesting action scenes, and decent acting by Christian Bale, there's not much new in TERMINATOR SALVATION. The only exception is that we're fully immersed in the post-apocalyptic world and not time-traveling into the past ... which is why it got two stars from me instead of one.  I do love Christian Bale's acting chops. He is, to me, the complete action hero. His  
 The movie was great and all, but what happened to the extras (Deleted Scenes, Bloopers, Gag Reel and other extras)?  This was a bare bones release.  If they are going to release a movie to DVD, they should have all the extras that the fans would like to have.  What's the deal on the digital copy?  Why should I have to log onto the Web to get my digital copy.  I paid for a 2-Disc set, do I expect to have a DVD of the movie and a Digital Disc copy of the movie, not a coupon to download the digital copy.  Let's see that's fraud in my opinion or disceptive practices.  Wonder what the FCC would think about this?
 I didn't necessarily have high hopes for this film, but I didn't shun it at first sight either. It had rather strong casting, and with Christian Bale in it, I figured it could be very surprisingly good, since about every film he is in gets rather good reviews by critics, but I am afraid this one was a miss fire by Bale. Throughout the movie, you can almost see it in his eyes, that he knows how horrible the movie is. By the way he communicates with everyone in the movie, you can almost hear him saying, "Why the heck am I in this film? The plot is extremely linear and boring, the script is very poorly written and is even more poorly executed by the actors, and why is my character suppose to be such a wimp? I'm John Connor! I am suppose to be the last bad-A left in this God-forsaken war, yet I act like I am a pre-pubescent teenager! I believe these realizations are the cause of his notorious fiasco on the set of Terminator Salvation.
 This movie sucks! The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the great special effects. Extremely bad acting, HELLO......Christian Bale, need I say more? Extremely stupid ending too! My God, who approved this script? They should be castrated!And who ever thought Bale would be good as John Connor? He sucks in everything else, but I had high hopes for this movie and just like everything else with him in it, it blows. If you just have to see it to complete the series, rent it from red box so you only waste a buck. If you suffer from insomnia, it is better for you than sleeping pills.
 This film could have been really good but it seemed like have way through it they seemed to have lost the concept or direct they were headed and fell back to what was already done before. The last half of the film had to many things that were taken and repeated from the first two films, and it just seems overally tacky...such as when the terminatior used his dad's voice to find john in the steel stairway are and then we he John tried shooting the guy and loading the gun again, or with the steel and then trying to freze him all of these were taken from T2. The only thing that was orignial and creative about this film was the future termiator who was more human than ever and was the only real likable character in the whole film, which they should have just centered the movie around versus the route they ended up going.  This film was alot better than the third film in the installment of films but not by much.
 This is by far the weakest Terminator movie mainly because it is just sloppy and careless. The kids (young Kyle Reese and the young black girl) are the best part of the movie. We are somehow supposed to believe that the machines would build a perfect human based cyborg without some override or control mechanism. We are also supposed to believe that John Connor and the resistance are stupid enough to use the cyborg's heart to save Connor when the cyborg is the perfect mechanism for infiltrating the machines and the only one who can actually fight them. We also are supposed to believe that the humans still are using guns against the machines that cannot damage them. Also why is it that in the obligatory final fight scene that there is only one machine participating when there are thousands of them handy? Then why is it that the machines always toss around our hero instead of just dispatching him? Lastly, why was it necessary to lure Connor to Skynet and to capture Reese in order to kill them when the spiffy cyborg could have easily killed both? I think one notable politician said that you had to "suspend disbelief". Of course that makes no sense, rather Terminator Salvation invites you to suspend belief. Maybe I will read the book by Alan Dean Foster. Its got to be better than this mess.
 I bought this movie because I really like the Terminator series and wanted to see what that they have done with the storyline.  I was supremely disappointed.  While there are some good special effects, they are primarily composed of motorcycle and truck chase scenes that quickly become monotonous.  The storyline is dull and unimaginative, so much so that it's easy to stop paying attention and loose focus in the midst of one spectacular explosion after another.  It would have been nice if there was a strong story and the action sequences served to further the story, but sadly this is simply a special effects movie without a good plot.  At the end, once you realize it's finally over you're left wondering, "what just happened?  They clearly left the door open for another Terminator movie, but this one was so bad that I have no anticipation to see the next chapter.  What a waste of money.
 I found myself watching the movie and some thing felt amiss it was an action packed movie but something just was alittle off. McG just doesnt get it right I loved the fist 3 movies yea even #3 I loved the sarah connor chronicles but this movie just wasnt terminator I walked away feeling very dissapointed
 I won't add any spoilers here for those of you who don't know how the movie ends. I liked the movie... until the end. What happened at the end was so cheesy that it ruined the movie for me. Surely they could have come up with a better ending than that.
 For me this was the least liked Terminator movie,, I even liked 3 better. It was a bit corney and watching Cristian Bale is hard to do after hearing his screaming rant temper tantrum he had while making the movie, its just hard to like or support an actor that is such a jerk in real life. Cheers Davyo
 I did not really like Termin. Salvation too much.  Maybe because it's hard to imagine a terminator movie without Schwarzenegger but just could not really get into the film and found it to be a little boring.  There is a lot of action and sci fi scenes but the storyline just did not really interest me.  For someone who likes science fiction movies in general then you could find it entertaining but as for part of the terminator franchise it is my least favorite compared to the previous 3.  Peter J. Miller
 This movie was sub-par. It was just called Terminator to sell tickets. I didn't enjoy more than half of this movie. It was OK. But the other three where so much better. For those of you who scoffed at T3, I think after you saw this one you where probably more grateful for T3 than you had been. Let's hope, since they did take in a little bit of a profit, if you factor in the worldwide total, let's hope the next one is better. Let's hope they get better writers and a better director and a better soundtrack. I'd hate to see the Terminator franchise meet its own Judgement Day.
 TERMINATOR SALVATION  STARRING
 Not as bad as I was expecting it to be but certainly the worst TERMINATOR movie (yet). SALVATION has got the action, the chases and the explosions but one really couldn't care less about the characters, with the women being the very worst (what was the point of bringing Jane Alexander out of retirement for a bland two minute role?). It's good to know though that in the near apocalyptic future the women are still hot and shampoo is available in abundance (Bloodgood) as is makeup (Howard). And for me, the most annoying & recent trend from these movies
 Let me begin this by saying that I am a very big Terminator fan. I loved the three previous films, the third being the weakest in my opinion, and even loved the way that the television series was so true to the mythology of The Terminator. Though the Terminator Salvation did stay true to the mythology in terms of characters, location and historic story development.it simply fell short. Mc.G is an okay director....though the only thing I really half like of his is Charlies Angels full throttle. The cast is outstanding, and do put in a good performance...but the overall story of the film is wanting. Unlike the previous Terminator outings this film is not about fighting the future...instead this film is about a futuristic fight. The Terminator story line was simplified into a futuristic war movie. Don't get me wrong...it was kinda cool to see the war with the machines in live action...but they could have and should have done more to make this story not only follow the mythology but "feel like a Terminator film, quite literally you could have called this film Transformers 1 1/2 and it would have been just as good. The need for the future to be unknown, changing, and chasing after the present is one of the coolest things about the Terminator movie franchise and is one of the things that is desperately missing from this film...and keeps it from fitting comfortably in the Terminator series.  I literally felt robbed after this film, not only does the film not feel like a Terminator movie...but after its all said and done, as a viewer you realize that it was nothing more than a set up for a squeal. The failure for the Production Team to get the idea of the Terminator Mythos correct is devastating to this movie, and the shotty writing and reliance on spacial effects to carry the film is it's downfall. In short this movie is allot of popcorn fun...but a very bad Terminator Movie.
 I am glad that I did not waste money on this film (got it from Redbox - free night's rental).  The story line was confusing.  The film didn't really explain (unless I drifted off during the explanation) how the main characters got to the past or present or whatever time they were in.  The main character was in the movie with his father who was just a teenager at one point.  I'm not sure if the son traveled to the past or if the father was in the future.  I don't know what kind of scardy cats watched this film and wrote reviews, but I didn't think the robots were scary/creepy at all.  The plot was so predictable that you couldn't possibly be scared because you knew what was going to happen already.  Anyway, it is something to watch on a cold night, especially if you want to complete the series.  Although, I don't think any of the original characters are in there.  One of the robots at the end did look like Arnold (a well built Arnold lol), but it wasn't long before he was reduced to his metal skeleton.  My advice, save your money and rent it for $1 or wait 'til its on cable.
 This movie is all action, no talk! Well, some talk, but the action is so intense that the story and variety of scenes in this movie suffers greatly. Sam Worthington plays a character--Marcus--that seems to come out of nowhere. There was no mention of him in any of the three previous Terminator movies, and this movie seems to be mostly about him, even centered around him more than John Conner. And him getting hooked up with some hot babe in the desert was really CORNY and soap opera-ish. He's a machine, for crying out loud!  I was hoping that this movie would center around the start of the relationship between Kyle Reese and John Conner (father and son, you know), not this Markus dude. He played a noble character, but I thought it was an unnecessary addition to the grand Terminator tale. Hopefully the next sequel will hone in on Reese and Conner more.  As with a lot of action movies these days, this flick didn't have a lot of charm and variety to it. This is not entirely the fault of the screenwriters, of course, since the setting is, after all, post-Armageddon with everyone living like savages in constant misery and fear--not a lot of room for comic relief and witty one-liners as in Terminator 2. And of course, having no Ahnold (aside from a brief appearance of a Terminator of his likeness) just isn't the same! And Linda Hamilton is sorely missed as well! So obviously this flick isn't going to be as all-around entertaining as Terminator 2.  I thought all the scenes of the Resistance fighting the machines looked straight out of an Xbox or PS3 game, exuding that same vibe you feel when playing a video game. And that's fine for teenage boys, I'm sure, but I'd rather the movie seem more like a regular movie, overall.  So for hardcore Terminator movie fans, I wouldn't recommend against adding this movie to your collection, but I wouldn't call it a must-have, either.
 I had high hopes for this film.  I have to say it failed on almost all levels.  I gave it 2 stars because it does look good.  However that was it.  The plot was dreadful the script even worse. If you have to watch it how many times do they yell "hang on it is like a drinking game with Keanu Reeves.  I like Bale and was suprised at how little they gave him.  And what was with the child who did not speak.  What a blatant Hollywood ploy to try and create some emotion, just awful.  Wait for cable for this one as you will not be happy if you own it.
 I had actually watched his forgot about it, rented it realized I had watched it and thought very little at it. Basically the series lost all momentum, in this movie.
 Three years after "Facts of Life, but a year away from her triumphant role in "Sixteen Candles, Molly Ringwald finds herself the prisoner of some tricked-out bum named Overdog on a junk planet that looks like Fred Sanford's backyard.  Peter Strauss, the poor man's Richard Chamberlain, plays the poor man's Han Solo (or Lone Starr, if you prefer) and tries to rescue her.  Yes, "Spacehunter
 This movie has a serious pacing problem.  It runs very slow in most of the non-action parts, but runs quickly in the action sequences.  The dialog is terrible.  Give nervous actors non-natural dialog and the whole movie looks more like a bad high school production.  Molly Ringwald character tends to ramble on and on. Midway through, the movie forgets it is in 3D.  One sequence in particular, walking across the desert, goes on and on.  I watched Spacehunter in 1983 in the theater.  It was my first 3D movie.  I thought it was a good b-movie at the time.  Viewing the same movie now shows me it had lots of ideas but not much money.  Somehow, the non action sequences go slowly and the characters are just doing exposition instead of reacting to what happens.
 I don't get what's so great about this movie.  I found it to be a huge let down.  This is an ultimately disappointing film despite good performances from all of the leads.  The premise is simple, Jules and Mike have a passionate affair in their college days, this then becomes 'best friendship' in no small part due to Jules commitment phobia. One day Jules gets a call from Mike to say that he is getting married in four days and inviting her to the wedding. At this point Jules realizes just how much she really loves Mike and determines to split-up Mike and Kim. The film follows her efforts to do this. However, at every turn she is thwarted by the happy couple who get back together.  This film has the good grace to make Julia Roberts character finally admit that she behaved like a semi-psychopath, but even then that confession is wrapped in pseudo-romantic humour which implies
 I like these kind of movies and I like Michael Rooker, but this one fails miserably.  With little or no explanation to the hokey 'monster', you spend the entire time not understanding how it exists, how Rooker came to the lake his whole life and never saw it, why it waited until it was stuck under the ice before hunting humans, why it wounds first or sometimes kills, why why why....Sure, some creative license is understood in a low budget horror flick, but this one just goes to far - wait until the ending if you are not convinced I am correct.  You reach a point of not caring about the characters or whether this creature lives on to kill another day. Dare I mention that the creature is a modern ripoff of the Creature from the Black Lagoon...
 HYPOTHERMIA is one of those "creature features that would have been more successful had the film gone more humorous or campy.  Unfortunately, the film takes itself way too seriously including a creature that is an actor in a silly looking scuba diver's suit! Venerable character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker give adequate performances in cliche-driven roles and there is a certain eeriness in the snowy landscapes.  Blood and gore are utilized but tame compared to current standards.  At only 73 minutes, HYPOTHERMIA passes quickly, so it might work as a double bill on Halloween!
 "We're gonna need a bigger hole.  Ray (Rooker) and his family are together again for another ice fishing trip. While they are out on the ice enjoying themselves another father and son show up and quickly start to annoy Ray and family. When they notice something "as big as a sturgeon they come up with a plan to catch it. When it starts to attack them the plan changes and saving lives are the priority. I  am a fan of the cheesy sci/fy channel movies, the over the top acting and bad effects make them fun to watch, going in I was expecting that level of film making from this one. I have to say this was in most cases better then that level. The acting wasn't good but wasn't awful either. I can actually say that about most of the movie. While the movie isn't "good it doesn't really do anything to annoy or make you want to stop watching. The movie seemed to know what it was and didn't try to do too much, which is a rare thing lately. The only exception to that was the last two minutes, without trying to give anything a way it was a HUGE cop-out ending and the horrible beast was pretty much a dude in a swamp thing costume you can find at Walmart...other then the ending though this wasn't terrible. Overall, not as bad as I expected and if you are into cheesy movies this one will do. I give it a C+.
 I found the movie super funny, I thought it was hilarious with "The popular lawn and the magic diary. Me and my sisters watch it all the time just to make us laugh.  I recommended it to my friends and when they watched it, they told me how the couldn't stop cracking up.  I'm laughing about it right now as I write this review. I thought this would be a awesome comedy for grown ups or teens.  Kids-I wouldn't recommend... I'm not sure if it was suppose to be funny or what, but it makes me laugh all the time.  If your wondering why the movie is so funny, it's because the movie is so incredibly stupid. I also find Barbie as a bad influence-and not just this movie,but in all of them. According to the movies, she has about five husbands and a boyfriend, and she proves that she can to anything even if it's impossible to mankind. She also proves that only blondes can do anything and are the prettiest.  She's either a princess, actress or a fairy or mermaid.  She never makes mistakes and is always perfect. Again, the movie is super funny but barbie is a bad influence. And why does barbie want to be popular? She already is!
 The animation is jerky, Barbie looks odd and nothing like herself.  She's portrayed as a highschool student, but acts like a middelschool student.  Poorly written, poorly animated. My 8 year old daughter loves Barbie movies, and she asked me if we could send this one back.
 This movie is just a waste of money and the story is so juvenile that it might as well be rated NC-17 for how much skin can we show and not be rated XXX. Don't waste your money, especially if you have young children at home.
 I anticipated a great movie because Robert Duvall is in it. After seeing Open Range I was ready for another great western.  I was really enjoying the movie until it just up and ended after the girls were being rescued again. There they are fleeing town and the credits start rolling. Talk about being ripped.
 "Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust should be recognized for its attempt to revive a long lost cult classic in Anime.  Stylistically, the movie is stunning - the scenary of the world is beautifully painted for its audience.  The musical backgrounds, the character illustrations and the basic mood of a desolate fantasy-science fiction world are inspiring and breath taking.  However, the writers of this sequel to the original masterpiece have forgotten what made the original so immaculate - even without the improvements in animation. The original "Vampire Hunter D is a must see for all fans of Japanese Anime.  It was a pioneer that successfully created a drama within a warped sci-fi motif.  Earth has become a futuristic wasteland, full of technology and magic.  Mankind work their days on medieval farmlands while fending off against mutants, demons, werewolves and vampires.  The story begins with the non-stereotypical damsel in distress, Doris, a short skirt wearing farmer who fights off monsters using an electric whip.  She has been ravished by the anceint Vampire, Count Magnus Lee, who wishes to take her as his bride.  To escape her and her brother's fate at the Count's hands she hires the mysterious Vampire Hunter D to her aid.  Perhaps the storyline does not seem very complex, but in contrast to "Bloodlust", there was a great deal of mystery that the audience invests in.  The entire character of D, was slowly raveled out, behind his cold and calculated postierior.  One had to wonder if he was even a good guy.  As the movie progressed, we find out that he is half human and half vampire, has a talking hand and has a torn personality - craving a normal human life, yet also undergoing his lone responsibilities at the immortal son of Dracula.  The movie concluded with his victory, though he must leave Doris, despite their obvious attraction to each other.  Thus you have the tormented hero, who must walk his path alone until the end of eternity. Now that you have the background - you'd think that the sequel would be able to provide us more of an insight to the Vampire Hunter D and his true purpose.  But all we get is the emotionally inept super human, who with ease, slashes and fights his way through to another inevitable confrontation with a member of the Vampire Nobility.  There are no secrets left to uncover, no new information of his creation.  "Bloodlust certainly is action packed - as D races against a miss-matched group of vigilante bounty hunters for the return of a stolen maiden by a Vampire Aristocrat.  The action however, feels more like a well-choreographed John Carpenter movie, rather than the exciting, gorey and unpredictable fight scenes from the first movie.  The villians of "Bloodlust are also less diverse the second time around - where in the orginal, an entire bestiary of mythological and fantastic proprotions was at the mercy of D's blade.  Now, the story is too calculated and D is too indestructible and emotionally dry for us to really care how many creatures he hacks up.  As for our heroine, we are greated with the one-dimensional character, Liela - who offers no worthy romance plot.  Although she has the most scenes and plot development out of the Markus Brothers (the bounty hunters and competitors of D), her one personality attribute outside of being the "tough-chick is her fear of dying alone and being forgotten.  This one detail allows for some kind of bonding between her and D, but the script only allowed this to be skimmed at the surface.  She is otherwise just the "tough-chick", who shoots a lot of guns and never has to reapply lipstick.  I miss Doris - although it is obvious her character had died of old age centuries ago. Still, "Bloodlust offers a few great scenes and is full of action.  Its bonuses, and there are some, rely more on what can be shown, not told.  This time around, we get a lot more landscapes and some very detailed artistry.  There are also small references throughout the movie that detail D's legacy, but nothing in this movie that links him to being the son of Dracula. So, in my opinion, you are better off renting this than making a full purchase.  If you haven't watched the original, make sure to see it first and know how "Bloodlust should have been created.
 As the title of this review states `Good Story' and that's exactly what this movie represents, story telling and nothing more. The fighting scenes are very dramatic but far too short (they only last mere seconds). Don't purchase this movie if you are really into animation for the action (I am) and this movie almost has no action at ALL!. Again I will like to stress that the fighting scenes are too dramatic, the movie does not give you an opportunity to get into the action. You will see two people about to battle and just when you sit up to take in the full effect of what's about to take place one person just dies!! Just like that !! The movie was good but I bought this movie because I thought it would have been action packed so I am very disappointed.
 Ok, I saw this movie when it was out in theatres and it was amazing! Unfortunately for me, it was english dubbed (which I hate) so when the dvd finally was released I bought it, especially for the fact that I would be able to watch it in its original japanese language format! However, to my disappointment, IT HAS NONE ON THE DVD! They acctually released the dvd, with only the dubbed version in it!! The special features also are terrible...this  fan's favorite scenes  feature is completely useless and even dumb.  Therefore, for the anime itself, I would give it 5 stars, its a great movie, but if you're like me and hate english dubbed versions and expect more from your dvds, I give this dvd a mere 2 stars and suggest that you rent it or borrow it from someone else (or if you can, find a japanese dvd with subtitles with your region encoding).
 I have watched other Oliver Stone movies before and liked them.  I don't know what he or anyone else was thinking when they made this movie.  It was a mess.  Maybe I need to be drunk or stoned to appreciate it.  This movie was very poorly written.  I agree with an earlier reviewer that it makes Jim Morrison look like a drunken jerk.  It was either way too long or way too slow.  Either way, it did not hold my interest.  Meg Ryan was a doll in other movies of hers.  But in here?  She just could not live up to the material.  She was definitely a poor casting choice in this movie.  If you like The Doors, I am sure that there are better choices out there than this garbage.
 The Doors suffers the same problems that Stone's other films about real people and events (JFK and Nixon) do; Stone uses the docu-drama format as a license to condense times and events, while simultaneously inventing composite characters and situations that never existed. All too often, these films, while containing exciting filmic and visual elements, ring a bit hollow.  The upside of The Doors is the performance of Val Kilmer, who threw himself into the role with ferocity and conviction; that he comes up short in the end isn't due to his acting abilities as much as the choice of episodes and Morrison's characteristics (both real and invented) that Stone chose to film. Simply put, Stone's Morrison comes across as little more than a sporatically gifted poet who sublimates his poetic callings to all the cliched rock star trappings. Perhaps this does describe some of Morrison's personality to a degree, but after seeing Morrison get stoned, drunk and act like a spoiled child throwing a tantrum for 2 hours plus, one wonders if Oliver thought of Morrison as basically an obnoxious drunk (possessed by the soul of a bald, silly-looking, half-naked dead indian that continually wanders around the movie) and, if so, what it was that turned Stone onto making the film in the first place...  The downside, in addition to the lack of scope regarding Morrison, comes in the numerous episodes that never happened (The Doors tripping on acid in the desert, Patricia Kennealy being present at the New Haven show Morrison got arrested at, Particia Kennealy and Pam Courson having a catfight, Buick actually making a commercial using the song Light My Fire and Jim finding out about it by watching tv, Jim setting fire to his and Pam's house while Pam was smacked up in the closet...and on and on). Also, the years of 1967 to early 1969 take up about an hour and a half of the movie, while the remainder of 1969 through to mid 1971 take about twenty minutes.  It's a shame that Stone went to such trouble to set up and film some great concert sequences, and Kilmer really made a terrific attempt at playing Morrison, but in the end both were content to rest the character on both the various myths about the singer and the confirmed instances of Morrison at his drunken worst. A well-shot film that, in the end, has little to do with reality.
 Hey, I know I'm in the minority in my opinion here on Amazon, yet I will state unequivocally my view that the portrayal of Jim Morrison, his common-law wife Pamela Courson, the group, and even the supporting cast of regulars in The Doors Universe come off like characters in search of a serious screenwriter.  Come on already, Oliver.  Who could sympathize with Jim and Company when they spew out lines of dialogue clipped, of all places, from Morrison's song lyrics?  Did you actually think an audience would accept Jim uttering such discordant lines in an everyday conversation?  Could you not separate the man from the performer?  Because of that awful bit of writing, Jim comes off like a buffoon, not an erudite talent who, despite a lifetime of loneliness, alienation, and addictive tendencies (which would ultimately snuff out his life), still managed to push aside material comfort for a pursuit of the truth as he saw it.  Also, how come Jim revels in such horrible psychobabble?  Had you not gleamed the interviews (available through Bright Midnight and other retailers) you'd hear an incredibly bright, articulate young man who lamented the day he elected to be part of a rock and roll band.  You'd also have the makings of excellent drama, as a man who cannot escape his fame and a man who longed to create films and poetry in his own right.  How could one ever sympathize with a drunken lout (YOUR Jim) who acts like an ass (seems more like Val Kilmer playing himself rather than Jim), shows no compassion whatsoever, and just appears to become famous in one quick turn of events.  The only clue we have to the success stems from the Sullivan show, the airport raid, and assorted concerts, but we never get a sense of Jim being nationally lambasted.  Some archival footage might have helped there.  But of course then the more sedate, intelligent Morrison--whom you portrayed as bumping into cops whereas Jim preferred to sway at a mike stand (see the archival footage)--doesn't figure in a Hollywood biopic.  What a shame.  What a rotten, dirty, salacious mess.  Maybe your own demons got the better of your good sense, Oliver.  God knows, if your Morrison had been the true Morrison, I'd never had been a fan of his in the first place.  Thanks for turning Jim into David Lee Roth, the members of KISS, Robert Plant, and all those other Circus Magazine posterboys for rock and roll excess.  Too bad.  An integrity, a nonmaterial nature, and a sincere attraction to make art distinguishes Jim from all those other Sex, Drug, and Rock and Roller hellions.
 I saw this movie when it first came out (March 1, 1991).  I was 21 years old, and a huge DOORS fan.  I liked it okay back then, but upon seeing it now, it's boring, and makes it appear that the other members did little or nothing to contribute to the band and its success (Robby Krieger, the guitar player, WROTE 'LIGHT MY FIRE').  I think Val Kilmer does an Oscar-caliber job as Jim, but the others are only there to react to things Jim says and does.  They have no other purpose except to fill in those roles-most anyone could have done that.  I don't think a lot of people realize that Jim Morrison was many things, BUT HE WASN'T A MUSICIAN.  HE DIDN'T PLAY AN INSTRUMENT, and he wasn't THAT great a singer (though I will say that he was damn good when he was good).  THE DOORS were a great band, but that was a long time ago.  As far as the studio albums go, the first two were great, the second two were mediocre (though 'STRANGE DAYS' has a couple of decent tracks), and the last two were hit and miss.  I wasn't there, so I don't know about how they were live (videos and live CDs are NOT THE SAME as being there).  Another reviewer said that Meg Ryan was a poor choice to play Pam.  I agree.  Listening to Stone talk about it on disc 2 tells us why.  Ryan sounds like she was/is unable to comprehend the type of behavior that Pam/Jim engaged in, i.e. drugs, rebellion, etc.  Stone said the same thing about Darryl Hannah regarding her failed attempt to play Darian in WALL STREET (a far superior movie to this one by the way).  I don't understand why Stone would choose to have someone play a role like this when they obviously were unable to 'find and be' the character they were supposed to be portraying.  Stone should have chosen more wisely.  I think Stone's obsession with Jim is the reason this movie is really all about Jim.  Of the many problems in it, the one that probably bothers me the most is that the movie acts like Jim is the center of the universe, as the camera is almost always on him.  But Oliver Stone's Jim Morrison is juvenile, destructive, obnoxious, and often, pointless.  He hardly comes off as a genius, poetic or otherwise.  He suddenly has star status, but the movie doesn't show why-we're supposed to know why.  Yet, why should we care??? The character is despicable, at least that's the way he's written here.  I couldn't even finish the film-I simply didn't care that he was headed for a youthful demise.  When I read 'Riders on the Storm' and 'No One Here Gets Out Alive', I found myself caring about the people involved-not here though.  Moreover, the photography was irritating, to say the least.  I wanted to know about THE DOORS, instead, I got an MTV-type drug trip with DOORS music behind it.  As a big studio movie, I think this fails on all levels except one-Val Kilmer's performance.  As another reviewer noted, this is the best acting he's ever done.  It's too bad that the movie/script he had to work with was/is over-hyped junk.
 I like the Doors music, and Morrison was a very charasmatic figure who wrote some bizzare but interesting lyrics. However, this film(unlike the comments made by most)is not a strict biography. What was covered semi-accurately in the movie was the atmosphere of the sixties and the bands beginnings. Okay, they showed the crazy drunk Morrison that perpetuates the myth, but this guy was more interesting. There are also many stupid inaccuracies. One big one that can easily be proven is the live Ed Sullivan TV appearence. Morrison did not look close into the camera and emphasize the words "much higher". I think the guy was on the wrong track big time, but that doesn't take away from his intelligence. He was very smart. The idea of this film was to show all of Morrisons wild antics. It was a big mistake to have Val Kilmer sing some Doors songs, but he did do a very good job of capturing Morrisons personality. There were definetely some good scenes that showed the bands tension and the tumultuous relationship he had with Pamela(Meg Ryan). The natural likeability side of Morrison was missing from the film. Oliver Stone(director)should have delved deeply into the fallen rock stars last days in Paris(alot of material there)which would have been a more facinating watch. Morrisons real death story, the attempted cover up, paranoia by Pam and rushed burial were also missing. Instead we got the glorified figure in the bath tub with slightly religious imagery. That is very movie phony. This guy would have looked a mess. All said and done, the film reached, grabbed on at times and let go; Hey just like Morrison.
 The Doors is not the best movie. While the begining of the movie seems to promise something good, and the end of the movie has you walk away with some emotions. After this first hour of this nearly two and half hour movie, it becomes boring.  There is hardly any focus on the music. Besides the concerts, events of the movie seem pointless. Their only point seems to show how crazy the singer was. Jim Morrison, the singer and main charater, was just a crazy idiot, and thats not what he was in real life. The last thirty minutes will respark interest, but does not save the movie at all.  I would recommend someone to rent this movie, not buy it.
 The video resolution is very poor, I in fact have to watch the DVD in "zoomed mode in order for it to make it fit the screen.
 I have read about a dozen books on The Doors. Needless to say they are one of the GREATEST bands ever to enter the human ear. In fact, I personally, believe they are the GREATEST band ever (Yes, even better than the  Beatles), so I'd have to say the movie was not what it should have been.  The Doors were art. The movie was not. The movie prefered to concentrate on  the (semi-fiction)  antics  of a mentally unbalanced Jim  Morrison, instead of the poetic side. Also the movie did not live up to  it's own title! It's called  The Doors,  not  The life and  times of Jim Morrison!  It should have concentrated on the band more  (not to say Jim was not a very interesting person...HE WAS!!!) Anyhow,  other than a few lies (ok, more than a few) it's overall an entertaining  movie. Watch it for Val Kilmer as Jim (EXCELLENT performance!!), watch it  for the WONDERFUL concert scenes, and watch it for the great soundtrack,  but don't count on a truthful account of the greatest band EVER!
 Wow, I really have no idea how people can give this movie good reviews.  The camera work is interesting, and it definitely captured the times and gave me a good sense of who Jim Morrison was (well, at least as Oliver Stone saw him), but it's not really much of a movie.  Jim Morrison was born, he became famous, and then he died.  All of the rest of the stuff just happens for no reason, like in real life.  I have no problem with a movie being like that, but what pissed me off was Stone's usual pretentiousness in trying to make this movie "meaningful".  This movie is just about some guy's life; there's really no meaning to it.  Instead of admitting that, he sticks in indians and other weird shots as if that will make the movie deeper somehow.  It doesn't, it just looks stupid, and it tells the viewer nothing of The Doors or Jim Morrison.  The movie was also kind of boring.  Scenes went on for way too long, and everything blended together into an incohesive mush so that whatever happened seemed unremarkable and pointless (which it was, most of the time).  I have no problem with pointless stuff, when it really adds to the characters (as in a Woody Allen movie), but here it just seemed to continue to hammer into the viewer's head the same portrait of Jim Morrison that was crystal clear around twenty minutes into the movie.  The character didn't unfold at all; it just gutted itself near the beginning and then pointed to different squishy bits for the rest of the movie.  So thanks a lot, Oliver Stone, for ruining what could have been an interesting movie.  The only reason I give it two stars is for the part with Andy Warhol, when he mentions that he could call God on his telephone, but he has nothing to say to him, so he gives the telephone to Jim Morrison and says "Now you can talk to God.  How could you not love that part?
 The Doors - directed by Oliver Stone -  is a sad story about the 60's rock group and legend Jim Morrison, lead singer, poet and songwriter.  The movie covers the period from 1965-1971.  Val Kilmer stars as Jim Morrison, a very intelligent man who is his own worst enemy.  He cannot handle the pressures of success.  We see a slow train wreck as he turns to excesses in drugs, drink, women and exhibitionism.  In the beginning (1965) he is going to college, but also a Southern California beach boy, writing poetry, finding his first true love.  It could be the start of Beach Blanket Bingo for that matter.  A friend helps Jim form the Doors rock group (named after the book by Aldus Huxley "The Doors of Perception")  and from there on it is a marathion of drugs, drink, egotism, confusion and despair.  Depending on how much you enjoy the 1960's counterculture will be how you view this movie.  It hypnotizes in the treadmill of drug trips, crazy outfits, California, trendy clubs, Andy Warhol parties, and outrageous behavior.  As fabulous as Val Kilmer plays Jim Morrison, the drugged, halucinagenic excess becomes boring fast.  The opporutnity lost is that Morrison had talent with words, high intelligence, but spent it on the dark side.  Seeing this movie I am wondering if he could have been pulled from the abyss with better handlers and some on-going therapy. Morrison died in Paris at the young age of 27 and is buried in a near-by cemetery for famous artists.  Overall, the movie seemed like a long tabloid expose and I felt like this was an intrusion on the Morrison's privacy.  It also starred Meg Ryan (as Morrison's girlfriend), and the Doors group played by Frank Whaley, Kyle MacLachlan
 I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies (other than Natural Born Killers), for some reason I feel very disconnected to them. And he does it again with the Doors. On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS. The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.  All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all, and I have to think that's simply not true in real life. A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I've heard I can say I was mildly let down, which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory, so what more can an actor do? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out, and that doesn't say a lot.
 The movie is interesting and I think Val Kilmer did a good job.  I rate this so low because Artisan  just put big black bars on top and bottom and then calls it widescreen.  This is FAKE widescreen and is a bad, bad, bad thing.
 I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle. Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and couldn't. He liked to see films immediately upon their release. I liked to do things that irked him, so I made sure to see the film before he did. This was a surprising film, really. When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison, I, like many, was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off. The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which, Kilmer's roles had never really stretched his "acting muscles", so most were convinced that he would fail. However, Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison. His performance was enjoyable. Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure. Still didn't like her, though. Kathleen Quinlan's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character. The story was not thrilling, as we all know the story, and in fact, many parts of the film were simply laughable. I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends (other Doors members), he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special "man hug (which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back... very manly) but also accompanied with tender sentiments like, "I'm gonna miss you followed by the tempering insult, "you a**hole". No niceties for the sake of niceties. We all know Jim's fate... you can visit him in the P&egrave;re Lachaise cemetery in Paris.
 Oliver Stone, a great director in general, really slacks off in this one! I understand Kilmer as a choice for Morrison but, Meg Ryan as Pam...only in a dream world.All the dates and many facts were either wrong or excluded.  Stone even turned to making things up to fill time and help move the story  along. All in all a very good story but, not nearly an accurate depiction  of Jims' rise and fall
 I picked up this 2 disc 15th anniversary edition (THE ONE WITH THE PURPLE COVER) a couple years ago when it was being blown out new for $6 & just got around to watching it. It's one of those ultra wide & short wide screens, & it seems to me that the tops of people's heads are frequently cut off; I'm wondering if Lions Gate messed up on the aspect ratio during mastering as has happened with a few other films. I no longer have the original version to compare it with, but I strongly suspect this was messed up.
 Oliver Stone's and we all know about him, rendition of a quasi biography of an influential 1960's rock band. We are treated to behind the scene understanding of what makes Jim Morrison, Jim Morrison.  The movie dragged on and on and on with psychedelic filler. Most of the actors were sleepwalking through the script, especially Meg Ryan and Val Kilmer.   
 The older surviving brother of a wagon train ambush, seeks revenge on the leader of the gang responsible for the murder of his parents and the kidnapping of his younger brother. Years later, he is the leader of a group  of 'vigilantes' who oppose lawlessness and unknowingly confronts his  'long-loss-brother' who has since learned the tricks-of-the-trade from the  outlaws.
 My 9yr old popped the DVD right in when it arrived. She's heard all my stories about how much I felt I'd learned with the help of Schoolhouse Rock. We watched and sang together. I think she got a kick out of it. Some of my favorites were totally left out! The 9's and 7's - 6's... were not in there. I assumed that since it was an anniversary editions that they wouldn't leave anything out. I was disappointed by that.
 I was disappointed in the quality of the product. The CD keeps freezing during certain points.
 The dvd was listed in used but good condition.  What arrived was a case that was completely broken down the spine.  The cover was scarred and sticky, like a three year old had attacked it with a jelly doughnut!  The dvd itself has scratches, but none so significant that it hasn't played the tracks that I need.  This was purchased because I teach American History.  I don't have time to go through every track.  When I get to them I'll find out if they work. Bottom line....never again from this seller
 This product does not seem to keep school age children enthralled in the learning process, even though that is what the intent was.  If your child is older than 7, I doubt they will like this.
 When it comes to Chushingura (this version), I've read a few things.  First, this is from all accounts a very, very good movie (maybe even great).  It may be long, and not exactly fast paced, but it is a very well made movie from every comment I've come across.  Second, and this is the most important part as related to the DVD, the transfer and mastering job that Image did on this release is terrible.  It's non-anamorphic, and non-progressive (so the interlaced scan lines are prominently seen when there is motion on screen).  There are other gripes about the transfer as well, but those two are the big ones.  Ten years after the release of this DVD it's time for a Special Edition - with a reworked anamorphic, progressive transfer.  Whether Image does it themselves, or they sell the rights to someone else (or just let them lapse so Criterion can pick them up), this movie deserves MUCH better treatment than it got here.  I'll buy it as soon as a better DVD is released.
 A 1963 Japanese film whose title translates into "Loyalty, this movie accounts the famous Japanese legend of 47 ronin who avenge their master who was tricked into committing seppukku for striking a spiteful superior. It is definitely a great tale to show on film, but unfortunately the delivery here is lacking.  I enjoy how every time I read reviews for this film it is called a "deliberately paced drama. This seems to me an apologetic response to the film's incredible and slow-moving running time. It runs at about 206 minutes (that's about three and a half hours) and you feel every minute of it. It's not that I don't like long movies - I loved "Seven Samurai (which runs almost three hours) and the Civil War epic "Gettysburg. (which runs a whopping 261 minutes, or just about four and a half hours) It's just that this movie runs so incredibly slow it actually gets painful. You lose all track of time. There is so much build-up to moments where nothing happens, and so everything feels wasted. For example, there's a long part where the samurai argue over whether they should give up their castle willingly or fight it out. After deliberations and scenes that make you think they're hiding something, they just give up. Imagine the pain you felt in the last ten minutes of "The Return of the King and stretch it out for three hours, and you'll know how I felt.  And before any one accuses me of anything, it wasn't because there was very little action until the end. I don't mind sitting for hours watching character development or a great storyline with no sword being drawn or gun being fired, but even here the film drags. There are ridiculous romantic subplots that serve no purpose and are too cliche to be enjoyed, while other times you're waiting thirty minutes just for a character to make a decision about themselves. Apparently they wanted to develop every single one of the 47 ronin, which gives this film the same pain I felt in most Robert Altman movies.  I hate to say it, but this became one of the few movies that became a simple chore to watch. I had to force myself until finally I could no longer stand it, and had to take breaks. A lot of times I've said films were worth watching at least once, but here I don't think I could even stand the single viewing. I couldn't understand why the film was so glorified, as its pacing was incredibly plodding and the overall delivery just average. For me, it's quickly been put into the category of films that will boggle the mind of the casual film viewer but be well defended by critics who accuse other people of not getting the "art. Rubi is by far my favorite novela, but I was disappointed to notice that way to many scenes had been edited out of this dvd.  So much so, that at times it's difficult to keep up with what is happening. You will notice this especially if you compare an episode from the dvd with the ones featured on youtube. Of course the main scenes were not cut out, but it's always nice to see what happened prior to the big moments. I wouldn't discourage anyone from buying this product, but be aware of the many edits.  And if you would like an overview of the soap opera, this is a fair buy.
 This spanish soap opera is highly recommended! It brings three dual layered discs. Six sides total. Over 7 hours. Many parts are edited from the soap opera but it is still quite watchable. It also has english subtitles. Some nice extras as well. My biggest gripe all the discs were loose moving freely inside and got scratched alot due to it. Also noticed the audio track raises up and lowers down at times. Might be due to the scratches on the disc.  The discs should be secured better inside the box they came in. Now I have to get an exchange for them. Cause of it. 5 stars for Rubi. 2 stars for the scratched discs.
 Rubi was always my favorite novela, I always caught random episodes on tv and so decided to buy the dvds to make sure I could see the entire series whenever I wanted. I was greatly disappointed when I opened the case and saw only one dvd. I hoped that maybe they had somehow managed to shorten the entire series into one DVD. Unfortunately, that was not the case. The one dvd I got, was amazing, the novela is as good as it wa on tv or maybe even better. I cant find the seller's information to file a complaint, its very disappointing!
 Rubi is severly cut in all duration of the movie. Why do they do this? Want to buy some more telenovelas but am warry. Perhaps when I see a review that people who bought them said NO MORE CUTS! Then will I start buying them again. Sorry. It just makes me so mad!!!
 I was so excited to order and recieve this telenovela Rubi. I seen part of it air on tv and hated to see it end. I ordered this for the english subtitles and Im new to telenovelas and Rubi was the first one I had really tried to keep up with. When I received the DVD in the mail and started to watch it I noticed it was very chopped up from editing and some of the parts I really liked and wanted to know what was said was missing. Also I noticed some of the other good actors were not shown much. Rubi is a good telenovela but If you really want to see it and you know your spanish then I would recommend watching it on tv when it airs again or buying the unedited version if there is one out there.
 I have been a fan of this film ever since I first saw it on VHS fifteen years ago. And with the passage of time, MANHUNTER has not lost much of its power. If you can get past the obvious stylistic comparison with Michael Mann's other project at that time, "Miami Vice, then I think you will find this to be as well made a detective thriller as there has been in our generation. It really is an excellent precursor to later genre films such as SEVEN. Personally, I prefer Brian Cox's version of Hannibal Lecter more than Anthony Hopkins', because Cox is much subtler in his ways than Hopkins. When Cox's Hannibal has a phone brought to his cell and proceeds to manipulate several people, and does it with all the nonchalance of a man enjoying bacon and eggs in the morning, it's the most frightening scene in the film because you get the strong idea this guy can do anything. There is no equivalent scene in any of Hopkins' portrayals because Hopkins never cares to hide the character's evil. Hopkins chose to play Lecter like a wild animal or a modern day Dracula, while I believe Cox is much scarier because his capabilities are hidden behind a mask of relative normality. Nevertheless, people tend to like the version of Lecter they saw first, and I'm no different. That being said, I must warn you, dear movie fan, to avoid purchasing the MANHUNTER Limited Edition set and consider the regular widescreen version instead. Whereas the "Theatrical Version (Disc 1) is sharp and well presented in almost every way, the "Director's Cut DVD (Disc 2) seems to have been created as a careless afterthought, and from an incredibly poor source print. The image is very grainy and washed out, with no sharpness or depth, and it looks for all the while like a second-rate TV print crammed onto a 2.35
 Manhunter suffers from some of the problems that arise when a novel is adapted to the screen
 I do not agree with many of the reviews of this movie. Sure it may be ok for a low budget film but it still isnt good. The movie follows the book Red Dragon very nicely but that isnt a good thing. Sure Red Dragon was a great book but this movie is like listening to the book Red Dragon on an audio tape. It is just too boring. They needed to focus more on Francis Dollarhyde and less on the FBI agents. If they had focused on Dollarhyde and showed the reasons for why he is the way he is and shown what Dollarhyde feels and the ways he thinks hes becoming the Red Dragon this would have been a much better film. One important part that happened in the book that this films lacks is the scene where Dollarhyde feels he is loosing the fight to the Dragon and lossing his mind and goes to the museum and eats the picture. This is a very important part of the book and shows how Dollarhyde wants to change. Then the ending of this movie kills it. The new movie Red Dragon at least some what followed the true ending of the book. The ending of this is made up and is very dull. This was definatly not a huge film but I expected so much more from it.
 Read the hype online and bought it cheap at my local store. Disappointed by the dated score (cheap 'lectronic ala M.Vice) and TV-movie standard of acting.  The scenes where Will Peterson's detective acted outraged-yet-exhilerated when he finaly  saw  with the killer's eyes were painful to watch. The over-emoting was really laughable. One thing I couldn't understand was the lack of subtitles. Brian Cox's accented dialogue sounded terrible and not too terribly menacing. Which makes it harder to convince audiences of Will Graham's terrorised state of mind. The final showdown was choppily edited (on purpose I suppose). Lacked dramatic tension, excerbated by the terrible rock 'n' roll music accompanying the scene. Can't wait for a updated remake...
 This movie comes from the book  Red Dragon , an excellent read.  However, this is not a good translation of the book.  The character central to the book, Francis Dollarhyde, is not explained at all in the movie.  You get no real motivation as to why he is the way he is.  You don't get the connection to the painting  The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed with the Sun .  You don't learn about the abuses of his grandmother.  You don't get the explanation behind the teeth that he uses to bite his victims with.  These were all very central to the character's development.  Without them, he was just a creepy guy.  (You get more evil characters out of Batman cartoons.) Instead, the movie focuses more on Will Graham and his journey.  He is not that interesting of a person, either.  At least, not enough to dedicate a whole movie to. I am a fan of Brian Cox, but he did not ooze the quiet evil that Sir Anthony Hopkins did in  The Silence of the Lambs .  So as a whole, the characters were not engaging. And then there is the ending; the big shock at the end of the book was wasted.  The movie had the typical stylized Hollywood ending that made me cringe.  Not to mention the director's need to linger on a closing shot of the happy-family-in-paradise a good fifteen seconds too long.  Michael Mann may have redeemed himself on later movies, but with Manhunter, you got the Miami Vice, 80's quasi-style of directing. Manhunter is not a scary movie, not a taut movie, not a frightening movie, nor an intense movie.  What is it then?  A dull shell of what could have been.  Save your time; read the book.
 Don't even bother with this movie, just watch Red Dragon. The movie began very consistant with the book, which I read shortly before seeing both films, but after about the first thirty minutes it went off on its own tangent. The acting is cheesy, the dialogue is pourly delivered, and Brian Cox as Hanibal Lector was terrible. Tom Noonan portrayed the Dragon as some love sick teenager who would drop all that he had done for the love of a girl. It completely ignored the fact of how disturbed and tormented he was by the Dragon, which was of course his alter-ego personified in the painting by William Blake which also was curiously absent from this film. It left out all of the development of Dolarhydes character, including his love for Reba, and his attempt to control the Dragon. And the ending... oh boy, that was the worst. In this version you get to see him try to murder Reba, the only woman he ever had true human feelings for, when in the book he wanted nothing more than to let her live and keep her from the Dragons grasp. Red Dragon strayed from the book ending a bit as well, but was a little more consistent with Thomas Harris' original ending. Both films left out the inner-struggle of Will Graham and his ultimate cowardice before the Dragon which led to him losing his own family. Hollywood wants a hero, and although Will leads to the destruction of the Dragon, he was not a hero. Both films made him one. Red Dragon is more consistent with the book, it developes Dolarhydes character, it has a better ending, and brings more insight to the character of Hanibal Lector. Hopefully Thomas Harris will continue this series. I want to see more...
 ...Fans and critics alike consider MANHUNTER to be far superior to THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS announces the DVD cover. A concept that seems to be more and more popular between "purists I for one am very very tired of so called critics and film experts extolling the virtues of this "forgotten gem or "classic 16 years after it BOMBED. Sad to say, sixteen years later it still leaves a lot to be desired. Manhunter is based VERY loosely on the Harris novel and that is mistake number one. Why tamper with a good thing? The arrogance of Michael Mann is why. When the script deviates from the novel, its characters lose their essence. They go from Harris' creations to Mann's adaptions, losing all respect for their original incarnations. Next is the lame Miami Vice feel and look to this thriller. The only thing scary about Miami Vice is people still think its cool to wear penny loafers without socks. The acting is next. Overall, its solid. However, there is no comparison in the Lecter field. There is a reason Hopkins won the Oscar. Cox is good, but he is not Hannibal Lecter. Hopkins inhabited the character in a legendary way. So much so that Manhunter's producer wanted to "remake the film with Hopkins in as Lecter (true, it also cashes in on the Hannibal phenomenon). Anyone who calls Red Dragon a "remake of Manhunter should read the book. The DVD edition of Manhunter suffers from a horrible, and I mean horrible, conversion. It is dark and murky. At frst I thought it was a lame attempt to hide the Miami Vice feel, but no...its just a bad conversion. The movie is enjoyable on its own merits, but Silence is golden, Hannibal is king, and Dragon reigns supreme. That is the true trilogy, as it was originally envisioned.
 UPDATE
 After reading numerous reviews for "Red Dragon ranting and raving about this film and how great it is, I felt like I really should see what all the fuss is about -- so I rented this film.  "Manhunter is very dated, and not in a good way. The score sounds to me like Vangelis having a bad hair day (and I'm a big fan of synthesizers). There is far too much exposition, which is always a sign that the screenwriter failed in properly translating the literary medium to the visual medium of film.  Acting here is rather mediocre... not poor, but nothing remarkable. And perhaps worst of all -- this film lacks Anthony Hopkins. As ridiculous as that may sound, he *is* Hannibal Lecter. Nobody can do Lecter like he can. Any "Hannibal Lecter movie without Hopkins is automatically missing something. This is just my opinion of course, and I recognize that some people may not care too much who plays Lecter.  I found myself getting bored and a bit drowsy while watching this, and the feeling never left. I barely managed to sit through this film. In case you want to peg me as a kid unable to appreciate pre-90's films, I'm 40 years old and some of my all time favorite movies were made in the late 70's through mid 80's. This one just lacks the taut script, production values, acting, cinematography, musical score and visual storytelling ability of "Red Dragon. Contrary to what many have said while reviewing the aforementioned movie, this one *was* ripe for a remake. It would have been a shame to leave perhaps the best of Thom Harris's "Hannibal books with this lousy adaptation.  Many fans of this film state various silly reasons why they like it... the presence of the song "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (huh?), the "kitschy atmosphere (go watch "Soylent Green or "Logan's Run instead, they're far better kitsch-fests), the more subtle atmosphere (which, incidentally, utterly lacks suspense and differs enormously from Thom Harris's novel), etc.  Not a single explanation yet makes sense to me.  If you like "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida so much, I'd suggest picking up an Iron Butterfly CD rather than this movie.  Not having read the book, I'm not sure how much "Red Dragon stole from "Manhunter, and how much came from the book. All I can say is that "Red Dragon does it better in every conceivable respect. Skip this turkey, and rent "Red Dragon instead. Or if you like, rent this one first so you can see for yourself just how much better "Red Dragon is.
 the wait is finally over.the real manhunter has been made and it is so true to the book that it retained its name.while manhunter was a toothless yapfest,brett ratners red dragon is like a 15000 lb. 5 headed shark.those who dislike the new version say its because the director used a paint by numbers approach.if the painting was to eventually resemble the book version then so be it.i see nothing wrong with a director focusing in on what the author had intended.what was he supposed to do?a rehash of the sorry m. mann's vision?!? thankfully not!!! brian cox was a non entity here where as in the book/2003 version,hopkins,shall we say,has a hands on part.in mike manns version,its walk around,talktalktalk,appear confused,talktalktalk and roll credits.ratner made sure that would not be the case here.i did like petersons graham over nortons.but thats the only kudos manhunter gets.norton seems too naive for an agent whos already experienced the hell of his profession.way too sheepish.mike mann can and has directed movies with equal parts talk/action(heat-bordeline though,live and die in L.A.)come to mind.why he decided to yap it up here confused me.well,thank you mr ratner for hearing me conplain and fullfill mr.thomas' true vision of red dragon.
 This is Michael (LAST OF THE MOHICANS, HEAT, THE INSIDER) Mann's far superior, first film adaptation of Thomas Harris' RED DRAGON. It's superb. Creepy, tense, edgy, slick when you don't expect to be, and genuinely even-handed about the story's anti-hero Will Graham and the supposed monster Francis Dolarhyde (portrayed as just as twisted a human as the detectives who pursue him), MANHUNTER is a artfully crafted thriller that stands apart from the other "Hannibal the Cannibal films. I also far prefer Brian Cox as Lektor, he gets under your skin without making an incision, while Anthony Hopkins splattered the screen with patent medicine ookiness.  That said.... I was very disappointed when I rented this particular set. The second, "director's cut version is clearly a pre-release work print, with lower grade titles and dubbing, and a final scene of Graham visiting near-victim family #3 that is just terrible.  The first disc is the release version, and though it restores a few scenes which were snipped from the VHS cut, a quick line from the scene in which Graham figures out how Dolarhyde is picking his victims is "missing. ("As a child my heart bleeds for him ... as an adult ... slaughters whole families for selfish, trivial ends. ... Are you uncomfortable with this kind of understanding?") Whether it really needs to be in the scene is arguable. Mann may've removed it from the final version for good reasons. He sneers at his friend and former colleague, Crawford. Alienates him. It's a false climax in a scene when the REAL climax is the storeroom guard (on the phone) confirming Graham's breakthrough discovery about the mountain of forensic evidence.  Other than that, the first disc is superbly transferred. If you've only seen this on tape, the clarity and color saturation of the original film will amaze you. Save your pennies, buy the "release version single disc release, and let Canal/Anchor Bay learn that mis-labled "director's cuts just won't sell.
 Ah, I just finished viewing the Human Stain. It had so much potential, but was a victim of illogical plot development. The most powerful theme is the rejection of race by the main character -- and the writer should have created more tension and drama with that and left the affair with the cleaning woman for another movie.  It was so inane for the script to dismiss the "spook comment as innocent because it was uttered by a tragically undercover black man. Hello? Been to film school? That's the perfect dramatic hook for the character. What if he meant it because of how society's prejudice drove him to hate his blackness and the lower rung he was, by color, relegated to. What if in the flashbacks of his secret black life we learned what pushed him to cultural self-rejection , to, as his mom said, "murdering his black self. What if he finally let that venom out in class one day because he felt the truant black students epitomized the behavior that made society deem blacks lazy, shiftless, and worthless. More drama would have been created if he successfully convinced the college his remark was harmless and he got his job back -- all the while the audience knows he hates both his blackness and the society that compels him to reject it.  Instead we get a completely unnecessary love story, and superflous characters like the Vietnam veteran and the writer friend. And asinine preaching at his funeral about why his spook comment was not racist because he was black. BTW, why was the main character's death essential to this plot? Two other people had already unnecessarily died. Ridiculous story development here.
 The Human Stain has a dream cast, but each star is shockingly miscast.  Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman lead the list of Oops, I shouldn't be here, but are closely followed by Gary Sinise and Ed Harris.  So mujch talent, so sadly wasted.  i actually felt embarassed for Hopkins.  Better luck next  time!
 I was really anxious to see this movie. I have aleays loved Hopkins and Kidman and Harris is a great supporting actor for every film. But this film is really disappointing. Not only for the actors, but for the story which is too confusing and plenty of flashes-back. The accident in the first scene is also a failure, because the film loses all interest. Sinise's part is really strange
 I sat through this entire film even after my wife begged me to turn it off and then stormed out of the room to watch TV in the living room.  She was bored to tears and felt that the premise was unbelievably stupid.  Little did she know, I completely agreed I just have this thing about only seeing part of a movie.  I had to finish it, even if I knew I was gonna hate it.  To me the idea that Anthony Hopkins could be a black man is so unbelievable that I couldn't even begin to concentrate on the meat of the film.  I understand that the novel is acclaimed and everything, and everyone, even critics feel that this film is loyal to that novel, but if that's the case then the novel can't be that great.  If they had chosen another actor I could have believed it maybe, I mean, I have light skinned black friends and I know they could pass for white, but when they tell you their black you can see the features...Anthony Hopkins is whiter than I am...and there's no way I could pass for black so Hopkins is out.  Really if it weren't for the excellent acting on the parts of Hopkins, Kidman and Harris this movie would have no redeeming qualities.  So here you have it, young black man looks white, realizes it's easier to just play white then be who you are, he disowns his family to live his life easy, he becomes a teacher and now in his 70's he's accused of being racist by the people who think he's white so he starts an affair with a much younger woman whos drunk husband wants to kill them both, and he does, and then his secret is exposed to this guy who wants to write a book about him.  I just had such a hard time getting over the idea that some idiot thought Anthony Hopkins could be black that I can't even see this movie for the good that it is.  I'm sorry; this review is probably so tainted it's not even funny.  For all I know this is a great movie, I mean even the premise is something I would normally really enjoy it's just so hard to get over...I'm rambling...never mind.  Like I said, I really tried.
 A professor notes that, five weeks into the semester, two students have never appeared in his class. He asks if they are spooks, as in ghosts. But they happen to be black, so this professor (Anthony Hopkins) is sacked. You lost me that quickly. There is no credibility in this premise.  Furthermore, he happens to be a black man masquerading as a Jew, and he later falls into an affair with Nicole Kidman, who is a poor young janitor illiterate. Or so I've read in a review somewhere.  Which boundaries are stronger? Old and young? Rich and poor? Educated and uneducated? Black and white? People who watch this movie and Michael LaRocca?  Yep. I gave up in 10 short minutes. This is too heavy-handed, obvious, Hollywood, blunt force trauma. Give them a good cause, and a novel by Philip Roth, and they can ruin it in a hurry. Damn.
 Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a highly respected college dean and professor.  After one innocent remark is misinterpreted as a racist comment, he is forced to quit his job in disgrace.  Coleman begins a strange affair with an aimless woman (Nicole Kidman) half his age, who has had a tragic past and isn't ready to return his love.  For me, this strange little movie was doomed from the start, when the big finish is shown right away.  The rest of the story is shown in choppy, anti-climactic flashbacks (often out of order) which didn't allow for any build-up in tension or sympathy for the main character, Coleman.  As a young man from New Jersey, he's played by Wentworth Miller who is quite charismatic and likeable, but looked and sounded nothing like the Welsh-accented adult Coleman (who sometimes appeared to channel a leering Hannibal Lector).  Hopkins is so horribly miscast in this role that it's impossible to buy the racially-charged plot.  Kidman was also completely wrong for this movie; her innate grace and elegance couldn't be hidden by a messy hairdo and I never bought her as an illiterate custodian.  Her graphic love scenes with Hopkins were more creepy than romantic.  There is so much personal tragedy among the main characters  - including Gary Sinise who plays a troubled writer and Ed Harris as a crazed Vietnam vet - and yet the movie misfires completely and I felt no connection with them or the whole premise of injustice.  Afterward, I was left shaking my head at this surprising mess of a movie and just amazed that so much talent couldn't save it.
 A quiet deliberate movie ultimately suffers from having too much star power. No matter how scruffy and wain the filmmakers try to make Nicole Kidman look, she's still Nicole Kidman. Her portrayal of a janitor really pushes the limits of "suspension of disbelief with her delicate features and legs that go on forever.  And Anthony Hopkins is also miscast as a Jewish professor with a hard knock, secret past. While he remains one of my favorite actors, he cannot escape his "Britishness which is even more unbelievable once you discover what his character's past is! The real discovery of this film is Wentworth Miller's absolutely astonishing turn as the teenage Anthony Hopkins.  Ultimately, the film is worth seeing for Wentworth Miller alone. But the casting of two megawatt Hollywood actors hurts the believability of this film in the end.
 Robert Benton's "The Human Stain is a well-intentioned, ambitious but ultimately deeply flawed film.  It does a masterful job of passing for a profound, Oscar-caliber film.  So masterful, in fact, that for long stretches of time you don't notice that it's simply not working.  It boasts an incredible A-list cast including Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise and Ed Harris, it does indeed boast some Oscar-worthy performances.  I was especially impressed by Kidman's complete transformation into a somewhat-less-than-classy janitor.  In addition to the tour-de-force cast, there's Benton's artsy direction style and the even-artsier cinematographer Jean-Yves Escoffier's beautiful work.  Escoffier died shortly after filming wrapped and the film is dedicated in his memory.  And thene there's the esteemed Rachel Portman's beautifully composed score.  And then there's the source material which was adapted from the brilliantly complex novel by Philip Roth.  However, these glittering pieces never fit together into a movie that's worthy of its prestigious pedigree.  It seems unfair, then, that all of that talent and expertise has resulted in a film that, while beautifully crafted, is so emotionally detached, remote, and confused by itself.  I haven't read Roth's novel, but I suspect that screenwriter Nicholas Meyer, in his attempt to get all the main characters and events from the book onto the screen, had to leave a lot of connective material behind. That material, whatever it may be, may have seemed less important to Meyer, but without it the parts of Roth's story just drift, disconnected, in their own peculiar orbits.  Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a college professor who loses his job over a supposedly racist remark.  The irony of this charge forms the base theme for the story. Silk's comment is innocent because of "the big secret he has hidden for many years.  After resigning from the college where he had worked for years, he begins an affair with Faunia Farley, played by Kidman.  She has her own emotional baggage and is unable to commit to the relationship with Coleman.  The affair, however, revitalizes Silk and he is finally able to confront some of his past demons.  Just about the time all these conflicts are coming to a head, the whole story comes to a crashing halt. There is an extended epilogue. The movie staggers on for about 20 more minutes, but the story has been decapitated, and has nowhere to go. The ending is anti-climactic in the most extreme sense of the word.  The storyline is periodically (and annoyingly) interrupted by extended flashbacks of Coleman as a young man in 1944 New York.  It's in these scenes that we learn "the big secret that Coleman has spent his life concealing.  This is the hidden core of the film.  And it ends up being the ultimate failing of the film. The flashbacks work fine on their own merits, but they don't feel connected at all to the rest of the film. The flashback scenes, and the secret they contain, seem to have no impact on the later scenes. If somebody told me that Hopkins was never even told by Benton what went on in the flashblacks, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.  Kidman, meanwhile, takes a good many risks, playing not just seductive but lowbrow to considerable effect; her character, however, is never fully explored, and a few of her scenes are bizarrely unexplained (especially one in which she talks to a caged crow in a campus classroom, which comes out of nowhere and makes very little sense).
 As I have not read the original book by Philip Ross, I cannot say for certain whether or not the book is better than the film -- kind of usual debate surrounding any novel.  But I can say this for sure -- the story about is very interesting, and the theme very intriguing, but the unbelievable casting ruins everything.  Anthony Hopkins plays a Jewish professor of classic literature, Coleman Silk, who resigns his post after referring to the absentee student, using, some argue, politically incorrect word.  Remember, the time is set in 1998, when that kind of PC debate was still going on.  Silk, after losing his job and wife too, meets a chain-smoking woman Faunia Farley, who works at university and post-office, played by Nicole Kidman.  And Faunia, it seems, is trying to shake off the sad, traumatic memories about her husband who came back from Vietnam (Ed Harris).  All these stories are told by Zuckerman, generally supposed to be alter ego of the writer Ross, and Gary Sinese appears as him, living alone in a hut.  Then Zuckerman (and we) will know the secret of Professor Silk, who in fact was not Jewish, and buried secrets about his family in the past.  Now, think about this.  Anthony Hopkins, born in Wales if I am not mistaken, is hardly the right choice for the role.  Not that he is not intellectual ... he definitely is ... but he never looks the way the film requires.  And Sinese as Zuckeman is also a strange choice, for Zuckerman must be, considering his profile, much older than Sinese is.  And the same thing goes to Nicole Kidman.  After playing Virginia Wolfe or Satine, she cannot play this role.  I don't say that a chain-smoking woman  working at a dairy farm cannot be like Nicole Kidman.  It's only that we have seen too many of her, and we feel that she is stretching her acting too much.  What is most regreattable is that the younger Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller is so convincing.  I know his personal background, and that lends some power to the credible character, but the fact is that Mr. Miller himself is a talented actor, perhaps, as far as the film goes, better suited to the role of Mr. Silk, than Hopkins, who is getting hammier these days.  The film is beautifully shot (the last film by photographer Jean-Yves Escoffier), and the theme is a worthy one, but the script by Nicholas Meyer is curiously hollow.  It sporadically delves the deeper places of the character(s), but is too busy keeping up with the pace, trying to include many things in the film.  Strange thing is, Zuckerman, who should be the link to the characters, is least effective, just muddling through the novel's world.  Did we need him after all?  I am hugely disappointed by the result, and especially the casting, though I admit that the central characters are interesting, and the material is worth discussing.  Maybe we should read the book, as many reviewers would say after watching the filmed versions of their beloved books.
 ***SPOILER ALERT!***  Anthony Hopkins, with his distinctive Welsh accent, plays a black man(!) posing as a Jew (huh?). I guess he developed that Welsh accent as he got older, because it was totally missing in his younger years. Then there's the exquisitely beautiful Nicole Kidman, who does her best to look plain and bedraggled. Both premises are essential to buying into the movie. Both premises are also utterly unbelieveable. Hopkins and Kidman are superb actors, but I could not suspend my disbelief. There is simply NO WAY to believe that Hopkins is even the lightest-skinned black person ever to walk the earth; nor can Kidman hide her radiant beauty behind a frumpy look. No, no, no!
 British actor Anthony Hopkins was playing a African-American man who pretends he's Jewish. Hopkins did the role well and he managed to make me forget that he's playing a Black man from New Jersey. I can understand learning to speak properly but you don't pick up a slightly British accent. That would be pretentious. I just think there are actors that could have been more believable as Coleman Silk. Coleman is accused of racism after using the word "spook when he mean "specter or "ghost because two students never appeared in his class. He never met them so he didn't know they were Black.  Nicole Kidman was playing a woman who came from a rich family who ran away from home at 14 after being sexually molested by her stepfather. She got on my nerves because she came across as she was on smack in every single scene. Coleman Silk falls in love with her despite the fact she seems psycho. I found it impossible to feel sorry Nicole's character. I thought she was capable of doing what her Vietnam Vet husband accused her of.  The best part of the movie were the flashbacks that Coleman (Anthony Hopkins) had of his youth. A younger Coleman was played by Wentworth Miller who was much more believable.  I don't want to say too much about the movie. I bet the book by Philip Roth is better and if anyone is interested maybe should read that instead.
 Since this film has so many problems... lets have some fun with it, shall we? I look at this list and I wish I were actually 'kidding'.  1. Anthony Hopkins... is black?  2. Anthony Hopkins looks like a totally different person when he was 'young'?  3. Anthony Hopkins cares about getting notes denouncing his activities with a younger woman... from a college he no longer works for?  4. Anthony Hopkins is having an 'affair' with the Nicole Kidman character? Really? His wife is dead, she's divorced... where's the affair?  5. Anthony Hopkins only friend in the world is some writer he burst in on in his cabin to write a book called 'Spooks'?  All of these questions are actually descriptive of what you'll find in The Human Stain. The saddest part of this list is, I only watched about 61 mintues of this movie, which was all I could stand. I think I stopped watching when I discovered Hopkins was black, or was it during the arguement over his 'affair'? I kept wondering what could come next? We discover Nicole Kidman isn't really a woman? Honestly, everything about it is grating and very little works. Kidman is fine, but that's almost too bad cause it's a wasted performance. My fave actor in the world is Anthony Hopkins and while he does have a poor movie once in awhile (SEE
 not only too much material  trying to cover but wrong casting.  Love mr. Hopkins but get real.the back and forth,flash backs  made it seem that the film was more like patchwork.  Sort of left unfinished  just seemed not quite able to pull it together.
 Ed Harris does his best performance here.  Anthony Hopkins hasn't branched out much from his past roles, so his performance to me seems typical of what you'd expect.  There are parts of this story that I simply cannot believe.  I know this movie was based on a book, but in today's society where political correctness and diversity are shoved down our throats, I find it equally hard to believe that Coleman grew up with a prim and proper black family that had zero ebonics in their speech, zero animosity toward whites and were jewish to boot.  It's just too much of a stretch for me.  It seems to me all of this was thrown together to further the believability of the story, which otherwise would not be believable.  If it weren't for me being so tired of the whole spin on race nowadays I might've enjoyed this film more.  As it is all I see is a farce that begs to be believed.
 This film has always been one of my favorites.  I own three copies on VHS (two back-ups just in  case the one I usually watch wears out). I make all of  my friends watch it, and most of them love it as much as I do.  It's stupid, completely inept, and totally hilarious. I put it up there with Richard Elfman's "Forbidden Zone and John Paiz's "Crimewave (A.K.A. "The Big Crimewave") as one of the three greatest cult movies of all time.  Only problem is nobody has ever heard of this movie. So I couldn't believe my luck when I stumbled upon the DVD!!!  I thought I was dreaming. I was tempted to buy three copies... just in case.  First off, I watched the deleted scenes and extras,  which were pretty great. It seemed odd, though, because  I had already seen many of the deleted scenes (they are part of my VHS versions). Then, when I settled in to watch the movie, my heart was broken.  Somebody, in their infinite wisdom, decided to  censor out almost all of the nudity, and many other  scenes have either been shortened,  or are missing entirely.  I suppose this version of the film might seem a little more  competent, because the missing scenes may have slowed down the pacing of the movie a little, but the  missing scenes were all PRICELESS. The ineptitude of this  film is what made it special, and editing it down to a  more "professional-feeling version is borderline blasphemy.  After seeing this edited and censored version, I wished I had never bought it at all. I wish it didn't even exist. Thank god for my VHS copies.  Whoever decided to censor and edit this film should be  ashamed of themselves. Thanks a lot for wrecking one of my favorite films. I only give it two stars because  some of the extras are cool.
 All the gung-ho, red-blooded flag-wavers who love this movie should be aware of one pertinent fact
 The one redeeming quality of this movie
 The fact that this ludicrous film was made without a hint of irony is what makes it so hilarious. Favorite scenes
 Back in 1980's, our USSR TV foreing reviewers told us that U.S. imperialistic movie industry have created "Amerika", "Red Dawn and some other propaganda films along with Rambo sequels. Some trailers were shown on, with adequate ideological commentaries, typical for that time. The main result was our huge desire to watch all the movies. Now we can have them completely and - for such a disappointment. To begin with, not too much is authentical. Vehicles are not Russian, nor is the uniform (most bizarre persons are officers including beard-wearing 'cossack' general). Spoken Russian is not realistic, and the colonel's speech is ~70% not understandable, with words and phrases absent in Russian language. In many aspects, movie is definitely not a piece of art.  We in USSR had no films of a kind to compare (the ideas of US invasion into Russian mainland, or USSR invasion to USA appeared ridiculous). The USSR answer to Rambo was "Odinochnoe plavanie (Solo voyage) where 2 elite Soviet VDV paratroopers and 2 marines demolish US secret missile base (killing all Rambo-style 'green berets') to prevent CIA starting WW3. But Americans in that film were not described as ugly war maniacs, they were just human enemies with their human life.  Red Dawn is a must see for everyone who wants to have an example of primitive, easy-going, yet somehow convincing Cold War propaganda.
 I can't believe that anyone ever took this film seriously.  I give it two stars simply because it really defines and illustrates the paranoia and  red scare  mentality of the Reagan era.
 The thing about Red Dawn, the thing that lies buried under two hours of ham-fisted battle sequences and stiff dialogue and right-wing fantasy, is that there were plenty of interesting and fruitful directions that the movie could have taken. This could have been awesome allegory on the loss of innocence, a dark dystopian nightmare, or some sort of social commentary. Hell, I would have settled for an explicit political message. Just give me something, movie, just give me something. Because as it stands, all Red Dawn has to offer is a lot of flat, unexciting shots of people running around in the woods. Every once in a while the characters will do something that annoys me, or something that doesn't make sense (where did they get winter clothes???), or they'll say something really stupid, but that's it; the rest of the movie is a Sarah Palin daydream, full of gunfire and inept communists and easy, uber-patriotic moralizing. The camerawork keeps us appropriately distant from the characters, underscoring the fact that we're barely given any reason to even learn their names; I feel like I'm spending the whole movie spying on them from the next campsite over.  Oh, and this has been pointed out before, but... okay, so, like, the commie sonsabitches wanna attack America, so they choose to stage their invasion from Colorado...? Look, my military experience consists exclusively of playing Age Of Empires II, but even I know that you're not supposed to build a town center in the middle of your enemy's camp; they're just gonna garrison their villagers and burn the thing down (which reminds me; as my friend and I watched this movie, we both thought it would be awesome if the communists tried to win by building a wonder). I mean, the movie tries to explain stuff, but the explanation involves saying a bunch of country names and a bunch of scary words. Every once in a while, there'll be a verb or a conjunction.  Oh, and the head of the Mexican forces turns out to be a pretty nice guy, and when that happens you can practically hear the movie saying "even when they turn into commies, Mexicans are still better than those dirty filthy stinking Russkies. Yeeeeeee-hawwwwww, let's git 'em! Vote Reagan.  Look, I'm not trying to make fun of conservatism here. I have plenty of conservative friends, and they're every bit as reasonable and thoughtful and intelligent as you could possibly want. It's this movie's gung-ho, us-against-them, heartland hero mentality that irks me. And even then, I rate this movie low not because of its politics, but because it's simply an artistic failure; there's no characterization, a flimsy plot, dull and poorly choreographed action scenes, a wet firecracker of an ending, and bad dialogue. Two stars for an effective opening sequence, an interesting premise, and all that wasted potential.
 This movie was moronic.  The Red Army is no match for a small group of dim witted teenagers?!?  Gimme a break!  This movie was chock full of utter nonsense.  It was not believable nor did it suspend my disbelief which is the fundamental rule in movie making.  Instead it called attention to itself at every turn with conspicuous exposition, horrid acting, and bad dialogue.  A screwball from the past like this will normally have some comedic value but this one did not.  I give it 1.5 stars.
 This film asks the question
 One has to admire director John Milius for making a film like RED DAWN.  Perhaps the most politically correct movie of its time, the film's story of Russians and Cubans taking over a small Colorado town must have felt right in an era of Reagan's  evil empire  mentality.  The action scenes, inspired to a large extent by Peckinpah, are also well choreographed. But it's precisely because of its politics and Milius' well-known penchant for loving war, guns, and right-wing jingoism that RED DAWN has dated so badly that there is no way it could ever have become a classic.  And that is really a shame, given those action scenes and the cast assembled--young ones (Charlie Sheen, Patrick Swayze, etc.) and vets (Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, etc.).  Much like THE GREEN BERETS, a certain political slant has largely poisoned this movie.  But whereas THE GREEN BERETS is now more of a joke than ever before, RED DAWN's demise is more complex.  It simply doesn't hold up well under the scrutiny of better war films made either prior to it or after it, despite its good cinematic intentions.
 The only reason Im giving this 2 stars is that this movie is so bad that its hilarious.  I actually bought the movie because I heard it  was horrible.  Nothing is  plausible, from the special effects to the plot.  In fact Im terrified at how many reviewers here find this movie realistic and ingrossing. At this same time, one of these reviewers also quoted (i refuse to capitalize his name)john wilkes boothe, so i realize the demographic of the people who believe in this film.    The box says that Red Dawn begins with one of the most "shocking scenes filmed. I'd says its one the most stupid. Because NATO has randomly fallen apart, the US is all of a sudden completely vulnerable to an invasion. WTF?! Anyways, Soviet troops land on a high school football field in Colorado, the perfect place to invade.  Then of course, the ONLY black person in the movie, the history teacher, walks outside to inquire about all of the parachuters.  He is subsequently shot multiple times.  This cliche is just plain offensive as it is all to common to see the token black dude die first, specifically about a minute into movie. After the director took care of the black guy, he has the soviets fire at the students in the school, obviously a major threat.    Much like the opening sequence, the rest of the movie is laughable. About ten high school kids live in the forest in refuge; the town has been taken over and in only a few days, a new soviet territory takes up the majority of the country.  The towns civilians are being locked up based on gun ownership records.  This is filmmakers' way of say that gun control laws are bad because the Russians could use gun purchase records to have gun owners put into internment camps.    Though the kids are reported as missing and are targets of the soviets, they are able to walk through town unnoticed, with weapons!    The worst element of the movie is that this small group of kids basically defeats an army of trained soldiers.  They are able to do this by hiding and shoot at enemy squads and convoys which pass by.  When attacked, these soldiers are completely surprised and in turn, they run around in circles until they are all picked off.  As for the convoys, they can never seem trace the gunfire and the smoke trails of the unlimited rockets that the teens have to the very obvious vantage points which they are clustered in.  Also, no matter how far away a grenade is thrown from its target, the enemy never fails to keel over and die, 2 seconds after the explosion.  While this seems to repeat endlessly, it stays fresh as new levels of stupidity are introduced throughout the film.    I will now discribe some of the funniest/most stupid scenes
 This movie is about a battle that took place, from what I can gather, sometime between Vietnam and the Persian Gulf War I. It is about Cuban insurgents that infiltrate a strategic town somewhere in the Rocky mountains. The Soviet Union joins the Cubans to fortify the town which is seemingly unreachable by the American military due to it's logistics. A few fresh faced kids battle the insurgency but ultimately fail in the end. This movie seemed to glorify the actual event which gets little if any mention in historical texts.
 John Milius (the Director)  did a fine job in selecting a benevolent cast.  A young Charlie Sean, Patrick Swayzw and Lea Thompson were pariahs from their small town in Colorado.  The Russians invaded this small town and fell their patriotic spirts.  These teens esacped and found refuge in a the mountains. With their supplies they were able t rejuvenate and stay alive.    There was no antebellum period to our knowledge.  It was a surprise attach.  The Russian were behemeth compared to this small town.  Why they attaced in the mniddle of Colorado is unknown and a little unbelievable. Once you goet over the shock of them just attacking a school you c an get into the movie and root for the incognito teens.    These teens called themselves the "wolverines.  Many of them wanted to avenger their families and friends.  The would oscillate through the mountain and reeked havoic on the soilders, the "wolverines had many quells.    The end result is a few loved characters dying and the USA eventually winning the fued.    It is ascertain  the reputations of communistist have once agian been tarnishd by RED DAWN.  The teens became exacerbated because of hte communistit attacking their town but they did something about it.  This was a good movie if you would like to see aspiring actors when they wre just starting out, and you like drama with a little action tied in.
 As a proud Reagan conservative I'm ashamed to admit that we've suffered from impotency since the fall of the USSR. I know what you're thinking, but if you've seen our women you would know why they never did it for us in the first place. Of course, trying to decimate social programs to help the needy and denying healthcare to the sick and dying over the last few decades makes it tingle now and again, but it's not nearly the same. Fear no longer!! Amazon has the miracle cure in the form of this Collectors Edition DVD of Red Dawn. In Red Dawn, not only do the Soviets still have their Nuclear ICBMs pointed at our foreheads, but they even show up in person to shove heavy armaments and automatic weapons in every single bodily opening they can find. They attack us, imprison us, massacre our families, and devastate our communities... heck, I haven't been this rock hard since the Cuban missile crisis!  So grab a copy of this from Amazon along with a jug of lube to hit that $25 super saver limit and have the most intense night of your life! OH YEA! GO WOLVERINES!  P.S. I find having a picture of The Gipper around helps.
 A Reagan-era Cold War paranoid fantasy about World War III, RED DAWN was born in the same year as Tom Clancy's RED STORM RISING, and has (suspiciously) so many of the same faults and foibles. The film stars a callow cast of 1980s Hollywood newcomers like Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen, all of whom overact audaciously. The irony is that this film is far worse than it seems at first. Certainly, this tale of young partisan fighters defending their homeland could have and should be stirring. The difficulty lies first in the fact that there are so many fine and inspiring such stories from real wars that the make-believe war of RED DAWN is gratuitous; secondly, it is hard to believe that a Soviet-led force of Cubans and Nicaraguans could use Central America and Mexico like a six lane superhighway to roll into the Great Plains as far north as Cheyenne, Wyoming without being stopped by the U.S. Military; thirdly, it seems absurd that this untrained band of eight teenagers could pin down what seems to be an entire Army Group singlehandedly; and fourthly, the jingoism of RED DAWN is so overwhelming as to be well-nigh nauseating. Unless the viewer habitually uses Old Glory either as a bath towel or a window treatment, the ersatz patriotism of RED DAWN grates annoyingly.  Much of what makes a movie work is the consistency of its own internal reality. RED DAWN flops badly in this regard. For example, our heroes move freely in and out of occupied areas without being captured despite the fact that they are all on the "Most Wanted list and their identities are known to the enemy. In one scene they actually visit a prison camp, talk to the inmates through the fence, and walk off unmolested with one character screaming, "Avenge me, boys! at the top of his lungs. Nothing too obvious, of course; this is undoubtedly the worst scene in the movie. Likewise, they never seem to run out of ammunition, and are adept with even the most complicated weapons. When they are lured out into the open with food as bait it takes three Hind helicopters to hunt them down---why didn't the enemy just poison the food and save themselves the trouble? Inconsistencies like this pepper the film and dumb it down significantly.  As parody, RED DAWN works magnificently. The utter incompetence of the enemy in the face of the varsity boys is amazing, especially considering that this same enemy has just taken over about 50% of American territory. RED DAWN celebrates all the shotgun shell values of the beer-and-T-shirt contingent by treating its celluloid war like a pep rally. God bless the Second Amendment! The superheroic "Wolverines (named for their High School football team, dear God), are incredibly too dedicated to cheering themselves on, leaving their trademark graffiti on Russian half-tracks, launching light automatic weapons ambuscades against tanks loaded for bear, and winning every time. The killing in RED DAWN is treated like an exercise in testosterone therapy as the Wolverines bite nearly every bullet in their arsenal in half and tough it out through a foodless, heatless Colorado winter. It isn't Valley Forge but the viewer gets the idea. With clearly phony pretensions to be inspiring and patriotic, RED DAWN becomes a video game much as TOP GUN did, but with far less cinematic quality. Never meant to be taken seriously, cartoonish and overwrought, this film is memorable mostly for its silliness and its histrionics. And, like root canal, it's about twenty minutes too long.
 The video started out great with Mr. Segovia playing a couple of peices but quickly degraded to just scenes of the Spanish country-side with only the music being played in the background. If I was interested in seeing  Spain, I would have bought a video to that end. I wish I could return  this tape but unfortunately you cannot return opened video  packages!!! Extremely disappointed, expected more playing and less  scenery.
 Los puntos a favor de esta pel&iacute;cula son varios
 This definitely was not what my kids and I were expecting - christmas you would think would mean christmas episodes but not so much
 This movie is just a waste of money and the story is so juvenile that it might as well be rated NC-17 for how much skin can we show and not be rated XXX. Don't waste your money, especially if you have young children at home.
 As in seasons eight and nine of "Smallville", this tenth season will appeal to fans of the "comic action-adventure variety.  Those looking for solid writing, richly developed characters, and legitimate, non-predictable "wow moments have likely trickled off after seasons 5-6.  I have been with the series for the long haul and, while thoroughly enjoying the first 5 seasons, liking 6-7, and despising 8-9, I cannot give the final season good reviews based on nostalgia perpetuated by the show's ending.  There are a few basic plotlines that run throughout this final season, all of which fall flat in one way or another
 I'm on the second disk now, and the third episode does not play on my xbox 360, on my TV's DVD player it skips constantly, however, it does play on my PS3. Not really sure why, it is not the blue ray version so there is really no excuse for the dvd to only play on certain devices.
 As a long-time Smallville fan, the last season wrap-up of this decade long series is somewhat disappointing. A few stand-out episodes pepper the season early on and Erica Durance's Lois Lane charms us through and through.  However, fans who loyally waited for Clark to get the suit and finally fly under the colors of his heroic destiny will be sorely disappointed.  The obvious "blue-screen effects and the fact that Clark was in costume for what was probably less than 8 minutes at the end of the final episode suggest that the creators of the series begrudgingly gave fans what they were clamoring for -- and only at the last moment.  Other plot and character inconsistencies abound. The last season has a few golden moments, but they're planted like Easter egg gifts among an otherwise limited vision of one of our most enduring American heroes.
 First let me start by saying I loved Smallville. I watched my first episode in 2007 and quickly caught up with the previous episodes and currently own seasons 1-9. I loved that the writers tried to be as balanced and fair as possible. I also loved the energy of the show!  I missed the first two episodes, but made sure to catch Homecoming. I couldn't believe the direction the show was talking with its not-so subtle jabs at "embracing illegal immigrants  I was surprised, because the same sort of comment had been made in the previous episode too. Wasn't it Lois who said in season six, "does breaking and entering not mean anything to rich people? But the message seemed to be that it's okay to enter another country as long as it's done by a someone living in poverty- then you don't need to follow the rules. I didn't like the overall disrespect that the military was given in this season. They were portrayed as villains' and I expected more balance.  I also expected a stronger story. I think the thing writers and producers of comics need to remember is that in fantasy/sci-fi a hero is only as credible as the villain. Replacing strong villains' like Doomsday, Zod, and Lex with a boorish, contrived and ghost-like character that preys on people like some evil little devil sitting on their shoulder is childish and insulting to the viewer.  There were also a few sloppy episodes that made me cringe. A bachelor party themed episode where they wake up and don't know what happened? It was so hard to watch them act drunk, and what was worse was the lines seemed like they were being made up as the actors went along.  Again, I would just urge people to think twice before purchasing this season. I'm glad I saw the epiodes I did, because I will not be buying this propaganda soap box season and the political bru ha ha that took away from the really genuine and beautiful relationship that Lois and Clark were finally able to have.  I would also love to see how that relationship ended, but the constant insinuation that only a corrupt individual would ask people to enter a country legally was just too much. My Grandmother came to this country legally at time when her country was at war and everyone was starving, yet she still managed to enter the US by abiding all laws. To suggest that its' okay to just enter a country, because "they only want the opportunities that you and your family have (As Oliver's lines stated) is a slap in the face to all those who respected the laws of their future country.
 If you are looking for the well written, well produced, and well directed episodes from the early years of this acclaimed series you probably won't find it in this loose collection of bizarre nursery rhymes.  This great series, which I anticipated with each new week, has taken a serious tumble in this jumble of nonsensical short stories. Many are rehashes of stories already told (must have run out of new ideas) and very few afford us more than a brief 45 minute glimpse, which ultimately provides the viewer with a shallow, under-developed story that is way too short to provide any depth to the characters or meaning to the story.  Previous years saw running story lines from one episode to the next that provided us with all the information we needed to become immersed in the story line and the characters, but this season seemed to be produced more for quantity and less for quality (courtesy of Mr. Welling who was the executive producer for the entire season).  Some of the ideas were just plain dumb,like the episode etitled "Granny Goodness", who appears as an evil and sinister old lady who is into S&M and keeps a bevy of scantilly clad "torture girls who are into martial arts".  I know this series is based on a comic book but this is lowering the bar too far.  Now for the biggest disappointment! If you, like I, have been watching this series faithfully and anticipating the moment when Clark actully learns to fly, then brace yourself for a quick few seconds of an "animated sequence of a small indistinguishable figure zipping through the far horizon.  If you are a completist you definitely should purchase the collection, but do so knowing that if you enjoyed the series as much as I did, this season may not meet the high expectations it used to deserve.  On a positive note I enjoyed seeing Lex again (the show was never the same after he departed) but even he couldn't measure up to his old evil ways in the few minutes afforded him in the final episode.  Great series, very weak final season!
 A grade  B  western that deserves a  D  grade. It showcased a Tab Hunter as a young cowboy with a cocky attitude, but Tab was 35 by the time this western was made and in some cases he looked it. However there was excellent character interplay between Hunter and George Montgomery and Yvonne DeCarlo. The crooked railroad commissioner was a blowbag and played to the hilt. For a gang of cut-throats riding in a prison wagon on their way to Huntsville Prison, at times, they seemed like a cheerful lot. John Russell's portrayal as the inept brother trying to save his doomed brother from a hanging was awful. Two stars
 The last special released in the Thomas franchise was  
 While I like the new computer generated animation, I'm disappointed that the story was much more intense than most Thomas adventures.  The scene where Diesel almost falls off a bridge had my 3-year-old son in tears.  That's not at all what I expect when I pop in a Thomas movie.  Parents be warned.
 There is a certain magic about the classic Thomas the Tank Engine shows that made it as widely popular as it was. This new rendition doesn't have any of it. This Thomas & Friends release, as well as a number of other recent releases, completely lost the concept that made the originals so great. All you are left with is another derivative and uninspired children's disk you hope will distract the youngsters long enough for you get some work done.  So what made the original Thomas great? It's simple really. The show brought the hobbyist model trains to life. Thomas the Tank Engine would showcase what are essentially great big model train sets with all the wondrous detail on landscapes and buildings all done in miniature. This sort of thing spurs the imagination and builds a love of the model train hobby for further generations. It's this simple charm that comes from building a show based on practical effects that you can put together at home that makes the show special.  All that is wiped from the table once you start creating the landscapes and characters on computer, which is exactly what this movie is. Thomas and friends are computer generated train engines with moving faces instead of the models with just the eyes moving. The sets, motion scenes, everything is computer generated. What makes this show any different from all of the other CGI animated shows out there? Now you lose what made Thomas great and are playing catch up to shows that have already proven their worth in the computer animated medium. The end results are boring and lackluster when compared.  I know I am putting a lot of hate on this show based on it not using traditional models like the original series, but as I said before that's the charm and wonder the original brought forth. Don't take my word for it. My son loves Thomas, but was utterly bored with this movie. I had to flip on NickJr to get his spirits up. If you don't think the absence of real models would make a difference for your kid then at least try it out as a rental before you commit.
 I have to agree with many of the reviewers that this Thomas movie was very disappointing.  The four new characters are extremely flat with no endearing qualities, and even Thomas was at times extremely rude and unlikable. The story telling was poor with too many cut scenes, unrealistic snenarios (an old, wooden, underwater tunnel between Sodor and Misty Island? That hasn't collapsed under the water? Really?) and annoying dialogue.  I've also seen a few reviewers remark favorably about the music, when it's actually just a rip-off of the theme from Disney's "Pirates of the Carribean. Listen closely to the opening credits. It's changed slightly, probably in hopes that no one would notice.  Is that even legal?  It's just another example of how unoriginal this entire movie was.  On the other hand... I have to admit that my 3 year old (soon to be 4) daughter loves anything Thomas, including this movie.  She laughs at the new engines while I'm cringing, and she enjoys the ending when all the engines are reunited.  And she sings and dances with the singalong "Misty Island Rescue.  This is the only reason I'm giving this movie 2 stars instead of just 1.  My advice to parents
 Unless you have a "Gamer computer you will be disappointed.  This game is a RAM sucker and a clocking hog.  Frankly, I don't know who would allow their kids to play on a top off the line box  The chapter play has no continuity. It plays like a an old bad movie full of flashbacks and dream sequences so that you never know which way is which.
 Tenchi Muyo! is one of those legendary anime productions that continues to live on in the minds of fans. Essentially a fairy tale and a coming-of-age story, the plot revolves around the seemingly simple Tenchi who inexplicably finds himself surrounded by a bevy of beautiful alien women. Naturally, zany adventure and epic danger quickly ensue. For many, this now common "harem style of anime was their first introduction to the art form during a time when it was still a rare commodity. And for most, the series' cast of lovable, fascinating, and unforgettable characters still remain indelibly etched onto their hearts.  The franchise is also a complicated one, with various alternate versions of the original series spanning nearly all forms of media, including television, manga, video games, and even novels. Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki - Box Set The Complete Series is the much anticipated seven episode continuation of the original OVA (original video animation, or direct-to-video) animated series, although fans expecting to find the show's earlier thirteen episodes will not find them here.  Misleading monikers aside, these newest installments to the Tenchi canon serve as perfect examples of how not to resurrect a series. After a thirteenth episode that ended on a rather inconclusive note, fans, after years of waiting, naturally imagined the new installments would contain the same heartfelt romantic intrigue, epic battles, and zany shenanigans associated with the earlier productions. Instead, they received seven boring, nearly humorless episodes that revolved around characters not even present in the earlier stories. Below are some of my more detailed complaints, but beware of spoilers
 The price and service were exemplary. However the series has no fluidity or any real direction. There are some naughty parts in the first disc of the series. But then they didn't know which way to take it. They just kept making them anyway
 Let me start off by saying that I am in love with the first and second Tenchi Muyo! OVA series. Although sometimes the story was confusing due to writing or translations, it is one of the coolest and funniest animes that I've seen. The character development and inventiveness of the series was great. The latest seven episodes included in The Viridian Collection are unfortunately a big exception.  I was very excited as the episodes were being released sequentially, and I bought the individual volumes as they became available. However, after each episode I was left with a big sense of disappointment. Here is a list of my biggest complaints
 Just pathetic!...Way over the top comedy that just becomes stupid, added with annoying over-the-top acting. Katrina Kaif again does the same wooden acting as she does in ever other film she appears in. No substance, silly story, predictable acting esp by Katrina Kaif - Avoid!...Only thing decent is the soundtrack.
 Has a low budget feel.  like ET but special effects are sub par for a Spielberg production.  No surprises.  Just ok.
 It's like an odd mashup of Jurassic Park, Stand By Me, District 9... And many other movies I've seen before. I'm really surprised because I typically like the people involved. At least I didn't pay to see this in the theaters! That's why I love cheap rentals on Amazon!
 There was plenty of buzz surrounding this movie, I was expecting alot after hitting the play button on my dvd player. What a huge dissapointment this one was. Super 8 left me with a been there done that feeling. It really is a hodge podge of other better movies. Another thing that bothered me was that super 8 Couldnt make up its mind of what audience it was geared towards, The kids in the movie swear like sailors and there are a few monster killings. On the other hand there is cheesy kid friendly sappiness sprinkled throughout,(espeacialy toward the end). Actually I would have rather seen a whole movie about kids in the 70s making a super 8 film with interesting character development and witty dialogue! scrap all the monster stuff.
 I had heard that the reviews for this movie were good and so I decided to give this one a try.  The cast were excellent at the start of this movie.  The action scenes were the best I have watched in a very long time.  It kept my interest until near the end of the movie and it simply fell flat very quickly - the ending made me angry and felt the J J Abrams has finally lost it - not his best at all.
 For the second time in one year I find myself scratching my head and wondering if I saw the same film others did; those that positively RAVED the film anyway. INSIDIOUS was the first over-hyped movie that left me speechless as to just how OVERRATED (and lame) a movie could be, and that was soon followed by SUPER 8. The original teaser trailer promised something dark and sci-fi spooky in the vein of X-FILES. However the trailer didn't blow me away, nor did it make me want to see the film. When I started hearing that this film actually was a lighter film and would recall the better days of Spielberg in which childhood and adventure blended perfectly, I began to get hopeful. But within thirty-minutes of SUPER 8, I felt nothing but disappointment, and that feeling only intensified as the movie lumbered along. An immediate turn-off was the language. I don't care if kids REALLY DO talk like sailors or not, the amount of profanity, which includes one or two instances of the 'F' bomb in this film, is ridiculous and unnecessary. Add to that, the sexual humor and at least one instance of drug-abuse from one character, and you DO NOT have a family film in the best tradition of Spielberg. You have a movie that offends and will probably anger some parents who fell to the hype. Look at the PG-13 rating folks! It's there for a reason!  I have read where others have compared this to films like GOONIES and STAND BY ME. Those films had likeable, believable kids. SUPER 8's kids are irritatingly loud, irresponsible and vulgar. So why am I supposed to LIKE them? The fact is, I don't. They are examples of the WORST kind of behavior from children. I have heard this film defended for its language, because that's how kids really talk. I get it, but that doesn't mean that a film MUST adhere to that kind of realism in order to keep their audience entertained. Other films have won children and adults over alike without resorting to profanity; certainly not to the degree that SUPER 8 contains.  Having kids curse in films is a bore. It's not needed.  As for the big sci-fi ALIEN elements within SUPER 8, all I can say is WOW, couldn't they have come up with something more original than that? All in all, a summer BUST for me. If you liked or loved it, fine. I didn't. If I really want my family to watch a film that blends childhood with sci-fi adventure and doesn't rely on anything offensive, I'll just put in IRON GIANT or HOOK, or a thousand other films that are better than SUPER 8.
 This movie started off good, it was really interesting and engaging for at least the first half or more! Then it started to show a very typical pattern of predictability and although the actors did a good job the story I lost interest with and I was not a fan of the ending.  Some may like it, I watched because it had good reviews but I was not impressed and can now say I've seen it but will probably never watch it again.
 The performance by the actors is great; there are moments that are quite touching.  But the story plot, ET type, is not clearly laid out, and sometimes quite inconsistent.  I would say if you want to watch the movie for effects--OK, for story--not really.
 Guess I was expecting a real sci fi movie but this seemed more like a kids growing up dealing with issues type movie ... with a great train wreck scene thrown in.  Bleh ...
 I found th e mini movie at th e end to b e th e more entertaining of th e two
 I have to say I had high hopes for Super 8.  Needless to say those hopes have been dashed. This was a flimsy excuse for a film which could have done with some more plot and character development and less of a cliche.  The ending was lame and was so contrived a placard could have spelled it out. The thing that I really hated was that up until the last few minutes the movie was actually quite well done.  The problem seems that no one could decide if the monster was good or bad and if should fear or hate it. It leaves us with so many unanswered questions and just wimps out.  All in all this is a very poor movie and is not worth your time.  I am glad I didn't waste my money when it was in the movies.
 I'm not sure why this movie received such amazing reviews.  The story was okay, but the pacing and acting made it difficult to watch.  My husband fell asleep about 30 minutes into it, and he wasn't even tired.  I'm not sure what the price is now, but I would recommend waiting until it hits $.99 or free before I would recommend renting it.  Then again, I often suggest that everyone watch the blockbusters, if for no other reason than to improve future Trivial Pursuit games.
 Often, a movie requires the audience to exercise a degree of willing suspension of disbelief. "Independence Day had some examples, but they were overcome by the sheer fun of the story and the fact that they weren't totally in your face about it.  But this . . .  First of all, the movie was shot so dark that there are multiple times that it's impossible to know what's going on.  Perhaps J.J. thinks it's cool to leave almost entire scenes to the imagination, but there is nothing new about telling a story with audio only. Just ask your grandparents about radio shows.  The acting is mostly believable, but the actions of the characters are not. When the acting becomes lost in unlikely actions, I cease to care.  For example
 Five of us, of various ages, watched this move together.  We all had five thumbs down.  After reading some of the glowing rewiews here on Amazon, I do wonder if they mean anything or are written by the production marketing detartment.  This movie was quite lame; poorly written and the acting was uneven.  We gave up counting the gaps in the plot, such as it was.  Here we have a massive train wreck; yet the colonel walks right up and picks up the film wrapper. I could go on, but why . . .
 This is not a good movie, it's meant for kids but surprisingly given the pg13 cert. because of profanity and coarse language spoken by the child actors. It's shocking to hear that fat movie director character in this film bossing the other ones who are smaller and thinner than him around and that's why I would not recommend it to parents for a Sunday afternoon viewing with their kids. Very similar to cloverfield except the main characters are all tweenagers. Maybe it was intended as a prequel to cloverfield. No ones noticed it but me.. Yeah I think I'm the only one who does. mr Abrams must stop all this friends stumbling upon aliens type of idea.. It just doesn't work anymore. Don't buy the movie, rent it instead. Bluray pict quality 5/5, audio quality 4/5
 they took ideas from 80's classics and tried to bring it to life but it had as much life as the zombie movie they were trying to make matter of fact the zombie movie was better Hollywood garbage wastee of money one word for this picture LAME
 it was a decent movie, part goonies, part ET but those movies are classics and this one is not.  i watched the whole thing but i am sure glad i didn't waste any money on it.
 The "Goonies", "Stand By Me's", and "ET's of my day were way better. Super 8 tries to be a coming of age story, but falls way short. Like so many movies today, instead of developing the characters and focusing on a good storyline the film relies heavily on special effects. In doing so the film loses its heart. We have plenty of Transformer type movies, it would have been nice to see this movie differentiate itself. Also, what happened to the professor in the end....?
 A dud! The "monsters"...the whole movie... was too vague. Not worth buying, but okay for a rental if you're really bored.
 I thought this was gonna be about the alien more then anything else. The alien actually took a back seat for most of the movie, while the rest of the movie goes into character development mode a little to indepth of that as far as I'm concerned. When a little alien action finally comes to play it seems a case of a to little to late to save the movie. It also didn't help that the story revolves mostly aroung young teens. I wanted a frigging alien movie not Monster Squad (which I would say is better then this). Renter at best, had I known what it was going to be like I'd never even bother renting it. (oh that's right I went ahead and saw it at the movies).
 I went into this movie thinking it was going to be similar to an E.T/Stand by Me type of 80s nostalgia film from the comments I've seen from others. After watching this movie I can say for sure that it is nowhere near the quality of those films. This movie is just so lackluster with the cliche, underdeveloped characters and the underwhelming big secret that is revealed that left me saying.. is this it? I'm glad i only paid $7.99 for this on blu ray because I'll never watch it again. I think I'll throw it off a bridge and film that, I'll probably get more entertainment out of it.
 Spielberg and J.J. Abrams got together to do homage to the former's earlier adventure time and alien movies and filming old school style and then used a bunch of CGI effects to do it. Did they want to say, see CGI can be used to create the same experience? J.J. Abrams Loves flare. (Flare are the flashes of light across the screen that occur from reflection on the lens. It is gay especially when excessively present, which it is). This movie is loaded out the hole with metaphors for coming of age psychological-social drama. In small town USA. The train carrying the monster alien crashes into the kids as love/lust blossoms. The girl and boy and their two daddies' conflict and the mother's death.. Girl tells boy not to give up his train for the domineering fat boy. The oppressed alien is released from it's subterranean dwelling, builds it's rocket ship on the town's tallest structure and launches off -after the boy tells the alien it can live and be free. The town is destroyed in the process and the ultimate symbol of society's repressive, overwhelming force (the military) is overcome. And if you aren't paying attention you still get the scene when the boy symbolically lets go of the chain his mother gave him and it becomes part of the alien's ship. Maybe it worked better on paper.
 This is the kind of movie I would only watch one time...and that's why I gave it 2 stars.  The train crash was spectacular...but I think at least one kid should have died in the accident.  The kids were entertaining...for the most part.  This is an E.T. kind of movie.  Good alien.  Bad military.  In the end, the alien gets away.  This kind of movie has been done a few times before.  Nothing new here.  Just different actors and a different looking alien.  The only redeeming value was when the 2 parents stopped fighting and started helping each other near the end of the movie.
 "Super 8 is essentially "ET on steroids, but while it's produced by Steven Spielberg it lacks the emotional force of a Spielberg movie.  The characters aren't really likeable or credible, making their many attempts at creating emotion uncomfortable to watch.  Despite Abrams' reputation for spinning a good yarn, there isn't much of a story here.  All in all, this is a very bad ET re-make, and everyone would be better off re-watching the original.
 I was unable to fully enjoy this film due to the insanely loud sound fx mix and low dialogue mix. I had to ride the remote volume the whole time.
 Lame movie. Kids will probably like it though. Waste of money. Good thing it was a Red Box so i don't feel as ripped.
 Most of the action was in the dark, which is usually meant to mask really bad special effects. I found myself bored fifteen minutes into the film, advancing it, with hopes of improvement, better acting, effects, something, but it never came. If you have really nothing better to do, don't watch this movie still, just sit and stare at the wall, it's brighter and more entertaining.
 Why go w/ a bad guy mil. , this is not the 90's. Film could of at least tried for something original.
 This movie was not advertised as such, but was really a teen movie.  I felt like I was watching a Disney horror flick.  It had some scary parts, but it was clearly geared towards teens, so was a disappointment overall.
 J.J. Abrams, "Super 8 unabashedly draws on Spielberg films such as "E.T", "Close Encounters of the the Third Kind and even a little of his version of the "War of the Worlds.  The story is pretty contrived and the ending very predictable.  It's obvious how it's going to turn out after about 45 minutes, especially with a bunch of kids leading the cast.  Given that the film is presumed to be set in the late 70s, I'm pretty sure the use of "totally as an affirmative had not yet entered teen-speak by that time, at least in Ohio.  L.A., maybe --  Ohio, never.
 This movie was a complete waste of my time and money.  I went to watch it in the theaters and when it ends you are like, "really, that's all it was".  Complete waste of time.  Don't watch.
 You will know what is going on long before this movie "reveals it. I got bored and distracted 1/3 of the way through. I am very sorry I bought it. Rent this one if you have to, but don't expect too much. The acting is good, as are the effects, but it never, ever, astonished me. It was more like waiting around for it to finally end.
 I usually don't rate movie at Amazon. But this movie is just not good enough that I need to voice my opinion. I was expecting more from Steven Spielberg. The plot is too vague. How did the Air Force got the Alien? There is only one shot that you can see more clearly the face of the alien - but it was dark. The communication and inter action between the Alien and human are just not enough in this movie. The movie end quickly without explaining too much. Movie is about 1 hour and 45 minutes long. There are better movies out there - just not this one. I'm disappointed. I wathced the Blu-ray version and the picture sharpness and color are excellent in our 46 LCD TV.
 When I first saw the trailers for this I was instantly drawn in. The moment I found out that SPEILBERG had done this movie, I knew it was a MUST SEE. After waiting almost a year to see this train wreck of a movie, I was VERY dissappointed. The movie dragged throughout and there was no , EDGE OF YOUR SEAT type moments, we all just sat there waiting for ANYTHING.  The timeframe of the movie was perfect and the cinematography was excellent, but the story line was weak and lacking. This movie came to theaters the day I got married and I am so glad we did not go see this. I want the $5 back I paid to see this. This movie could have been a BLOCKBUSTER, but it is honestly just horrible. Speilberg is losing his touch and he should never work with JJ Abrams ever again!
 "Super 8 is to late 70s/early 80s Steven Spielberg fare what the Black Crowes are to Altamont-era Rolling Stones, or what the first Lenny Kravitz album is to "Magical Mystery Tour"-era Beatles.  Which is to say, hugely influenced by it.  But when a movie owes as much as "Super 8 does to other artistic creations ... can it really be considered its own thing?  Critics were saying that after "Mission
 JJ Abrams has made hit movies. Has he ever made a good movie? With Super 8, he wrote, directed and produced two movies, and sacrificed the good to make sure he had a hit.  Super 8 begins just fine, the story of a group of young teens making a movie about zombies. Charles (Riley Griffiths) is determined to enter his movie in a film contest. He's the director and writer. Joe (Joel Courtney) is his best friend and make-up specialist.  When Charles recruits Alice (Elle Fanning) for a role (she can drive and they need a car), Joe starts to learn what puberty can do to a fella.  We're off on a small town adventure of stealth movie making, improvisation, determination, spontaneity and, as far as I know, effective zombie acting. One night when the kids have sneaked away from their homes to film a night scene at the railway station, Charles sees a train coming. "Production values! he happily exclaims and sets up the scene so the train roaring by will be in his movie. Bad luck. A truck drives onto the tracks and smashes head on into the train. There's a massive derailment only Hollywood CGI can create. It goes on and on.  Now the young moviemakers are center stage in a new movie, this one about an alien creature captured by the Air Force and in the charge of a particularly ruthless colonel and his men. This movie is made to insure a hit with that real-life demographic, the 16 through 28 crowd. Yes, in the crash the alien, which looks something like a quick-stepping giant tarantula crossbred with the real mama from hell in Alien, escapes. Thanks to a couple of film cartons the kids dropped as they ran from the crash, the colonel figures out someone might have seen too much and filmed it. Soon dogs run away from town, engines from cars are stolen, electronic gear disappears and people vanish, all in clouds of wowzer and predictable special effects.  In the course of Super 8 we'll follow young Joe through adventures that now are by the numbers...evacuations, tanks, house explosions, great caverns, missing townspeople including Alice hanging upside down waiting to become alien snacks, Joe's face-to-face heroism with the big bug, and one of the most non-thrilling examples of spaceship building in any movie. Although the alien looks like something really big that escaped from an insect zoo, it turns out that, despite its chomping down on people with slobber and lots of teeth, it's really just a guy (or woman) who is scared and lonely, who has been treated badly by the Air Force, and just wants to build a spaceship so it can go home.  JJ Abrams creates a warm, nostalgic story about kids back in the Seventies who are energetically making a movie while keeping it secret from adults. The kid actors do a fine, believable job and we like them. Their small town is a great place to live in. Charles' family is a wonderful mix of love and chaos. We're hooked with these kids and with Charles' movie. And all this just becomes loose ends. (We do get to see Charles' movie during the credits...like an afterthought.  In his determination to win a big audience, Abrams sacrifices all that in favor of by-the-numbers demographic pandering and CGI. Abrams worked for Steven Spielberg for a while and Spielberg is a producer of Super 8. Spielberg's influence is all over the movie. If you liked The Goonies, which I do, you'll like a third of Super 8, a movie with no center, just calculation.
 I would give this movie one star, but thought the makers deserved at least two for what appeared to be an excruciating effort to make something out of nothing.  I stuck it out, but ran the last part captioned at higher speed.  Super 8 gives new meaning to the term "derivative.  It's also NOT a kid's movie, full of hyperactive and desensitizing violence, gore, and pandering.  Fanning was refreshing, but the other characters frankly sucked.  I just finished the whole X-Files series from my local library.  This seemed like a very bad X-Files, dumbed down for kids.  Not to mention ET, Close Encounters, and almost every other Spielbergian flick ever made.  Steve . . . give it a rest.
 Too scary for young kids, and too boring for older kids, Super 8 is selling only one thing, really...nostalgia.  However, the movie tries so hard to invoke the look and feel of those films from the late 70's, early 80's that those who grew up back then remember so fondly, it forgets to be a good movie in its own right.  The sentiment is all cheap, the plot is all recycled, the action is all generic, and as good as the child actors are, they're still child actors.  I heard so many people say they liked this movie without offering up even the vaguest of specifics as to why, and now that I've seen it, I think I know
 The movie had all the childhood charm of most typical Stephen king movies but the actual plot was a little far fetched and lacked a good story. Not one of his best performances by far but worth watching at least once in life. Any more than that I wouldn't reccomend.
 In a world where there is really very little that is new or refreshing, this turkey fits right in.  If you love obviously miniaturized train crashes where a guy driving an old beat-up pickup truck can survive a head-on crash with a fast-moving freight train, and totally derail it in the process.  If you can accept that premise, silly, overused plot-concept, poor character development and CGI from 15 or 20 years ago, this is your movie.  Big mistake for me!  Since I seem to have not learned anything from this drivel, I just rented Cowboys and Aliens.  I wonder how that review will go?  But then, I continue to watch Sons of Anarchy.  Sometimes I wonder if I stuck my head in a Mix-master as a child?
 Pinch me if you haven't seen most of these scripts before
 The preview in the theatre had me at the edge of my seat.  I couldn't wait for Super 8 to become available.  Finally!  I rented with the expectation I'd be purchasing it immediately after.  I was considering writing to Amazon about allowing the rental to be applied credit to a purchase if the customer decides the video is worth adding to his/her video library.  Good idea, right?   I was disappointed that I never got a good look at the alien, although I've got to say that train wreck was super-spectacular! I couldn't believe none of those kids were 'gonners' and that the camera survived! I remembered clips of it in the previews and knew that this was the moment whatever it was in the car was escaping.  It was suspenseful with the first human snatching and humans screaming in terror.  After all that we ran out of salt.   As I was watching the kids making decisions and going through their kid drama, i kept thinking it reminded me of something; this plot is familiar. Before the film was over, I realized it's Goonies revisited.  An alien is taking people and they're arguing about girls.  The girl gets taken so a plan is concocted to save her. We find snatched humans strung upside down in the alien cave, find out they are sustenance for the alien, get to hear him chomp on one, learn he just wants to go home, one of the kids gets caught by the alien but has a mind connection so the alien doesn't eat him.  Anyway, it works out that the alien 's ship pulls itself together and he leaves.  Oh, don't let me forget it's a sadistic military that's holding the alien hostage in the first place.    Well, that's the nutshell version.  A bit of a letdown for me but I think my rental applied to purchase idea's a good one.
 Because I'm the same age as the director, I can say that this film was marketed directly for me and folks in my generation.  I appreciated the nostalgia, but
 I went to see this movie the first week it was out with high hopes. Being a huge fan of lost i was excited to see this since JJ Abrams produced it. The beginning of the movie is decent, but as soon as the stupid aliens show up it was ruined. The actors were below average. Why make a big name, big budget movie have little 10 years as the lead actors? I would have liked to see the dad have a bigger role(the guy in friday night lights). He was the biggest star of the movie and he was only in a few scenes. I went with my uncle to see this and hes a huge movie buff and he fell asleep it was so boring! This movie was like Battle
 Super 8 is a sub-par Spielberg knock-off. A forced-homage to the glory days of blockbuster film-making. I'm a fan of JJ Abrams first two films (Mission Impossible 3 and Star Trek)but this movie kind of left me cold. The story is boring and lacking any sort of emotional resonance. The design of the creature is uninspired, with unconvincing CGI, and not even remotely sympathetic. While all the kids are well-acted, their character's aren't really interesting, and many of them were downright annoying. The ending is silly, sentimental cheese at its worst. If you want to see the real thing, watch ET or Close Encounters instead.
 **1/2  J.J. Abrams' "Super 8 hearkens back to the days of early Steven Spielberg (who co-produced the film) - a time when summer blockbusters could appeal as much to the heart as to the eye, when a group of intrepid suburban kids could unravel mysteries and take on evil forces, when the military-industrial complex was clearly up to no good, and when tear-stained characters could look in wide-eyed, tight-shot amazement at wonders unraveling above them in the heavens.  Set, appropriately, in 1979 - in a time before digital cameras and CGI technology, when children had to express their creativity and imagination with what was then the technological equivalent of chewing gum and baling wire - "Super 8 centers on a group of nerdish preteens who are attempting to make their own amateur zombie-splatter film for an upcoming contest. While filming one night, the kids are witness to a horrifying freight train crash, the repercussions of which go far beyond just the mass of mangled, twisted metal strewn across the area. For it seems the Air Force has taken a more than casual interest in the event, and soon strange and inexplicable occurrences begin happening in town.  The focal point of the story is Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), a young boy whose mother has just been killed in a tragic factory accident, and whose grieving father (Kyle Chandler from TV's incomparable "Friday Night Lights") serves as the town's deputy. Joe also has a crush on the pretty and alluring Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning), who has been brought into the boys' film project at the last moment.  The similarities between "Super 8 and any number of Spielberg - or at least Spielbergian - films (most notably, of course, "E.T.") are both so numerous and so obvious that they really don't bear repeating here. Yet, while I admire much of what Abrams is trying to do in this movie, so much of it falls flat that I really can't recommend it in the final analysis. What's actually missing is that special Spielberg touch, that almost Quixotic visionary conviction that could turn even a simple work like "E.T. into a timeless classic. One never questions Spielberg's belief in his material, but I'm not sure one can quite make the same claim about Abrams, at least not in this particular instance. Abrams' story lacks the streamlined clarity of an "E.T. and, by extension, the emotional resonance that comes along with it. "Super 8 seems to be going off in so many different directions at once that it winds up going nowhere. And, frankly, the sci-fi aspects of the story feel awfully stale at this late stage in the game.  In addition to "E.T., there are bits and pieces of "The Goonies, "Stand By Me, "Gremlins, and "War of the Worlds in the film as well. And that, in the final analysis, is what's most wrong with "Super 8. It's made up of so many borrowed parts that, in the end, it's left with nothing it can truly call its own.
 This film starts off as  a kids film that  makes it  suitable for the pre-teens only. The  mood changes and we then have  a drunk and two  junkies smoking  illegal substances. For Spielberg,why  did you  have to  have junkies in the film as it detracts from  the film's intended audience? Definately not for  pre-teens due to the substance abuse in the film (several times). The storyline  is basically a rehash of the classic E.T. but without  the emotional impact that E.T.had. You know the ending as it is very predictable all the way. In the finale you just  yawn and  say 'who cares' to yourself.Very disappointing.
 This Movie in my View is a B flick.  They might have put a lot of money into CGI to make it work but the plot really didn't work all that well.  If you see a ton of movies this might be a good one to see once but be smart and rent it and not buy the movie.  Thanks Robert
 It is a kids movie with marijuana. What is the target audience for this film? Not for adults and Kids can not watch it!  Take Goonies (kids experimenting?), Close Encounters (the grand evacuation), ET (in the end, the alien was a misunderstood cutie), Transformers (the self assembling cubes), Cloverfield (the monster is a reduced copy, and at least Cloverfield was a very original movie, despite being a financial disaster), a totally unnecessary joint (for the funny guy) and a giant industrial blender (to put all the aforementioned together in a soapbox format) and you have this movie. Nothing original and truly disappointing.
 "Super 8 has lots of great parts to it
 One question - tell me what the alien looks like.  Seriously - what does it look like?  Draw a picture.  I can tell you what ET looks like.  I can tell you what Predator looks like.  I can tell you what the Alien from Aliens looks like.  Sooo... what the heck does this thing look like?  You can't.  We never get a good enough look at it to figure it out.  For that reason alone this movie sucks.  Period.  End of story.  However, it sucks for many other reasons as well.  What the heck is this movie anyway - some sort of mutant offspring of ET, Close Encounters, Cloverfield, and the Goonies?  Oh - except in the Goonies we actually had a group of kids that were likeable.  Not so here.  We get the chunky kid who is directing a Super 8 film - but he is rude, annoying, and entirely unlikeable.  We also have a thin crazy kid who likes fireworks.  He just comes off as a nut who is off his meds.  We also have a couple other young boys, none of which contribute anything to the film other than taking up space.  That leaves us with the young male protagonist (I forgot his name) and the young female protagonist (I forgot her name) and their puppy love story - except that we don't get anything from that either.  At least in Goonies there was a kiss.  This film follows the adventures of this worthless band of kids while an alien is loose somewhere in their town.  The dumb thing is that the kids really have no impact or relevance to anything that is happening.  What do they accomplish?  Do they help the alien?  No.  Do they hinder the alien?  No.  Do they do anything at all that impacts what the alien is doing?  No.  They have no purpose whatsoever.  What is the alien up to?  Well, that is hard to say exactly.  The alien digs himself (?) a cavern under the town's water tower and uses a bunch of local machinery to turn the tower into some sort of giant electro-magnet or something.  Apparently, the point of this exercise was to attract thousands of tiny "alien looking cubes (about the size of Rubik's cubes).  You see - the alien ship was made out of a fancy alien alloy that converts into these little cubes.  One minute the ship has form, the next minute it becomes thousands of little cubes.  The how and why isn't important... just go with it.  Ok - so I can live with that.  However, how the cubes are handled must be one of the dumbest moves in the history of alien containment programs.  When the government decides to move the alien cross country in a train, they put all the cubes into crates on the same train.  Why?  Then, at the end of the film when the alien is using the magnetic water tower to collect metal and such, where are the cubes?  Parked in a series of trucks across the street!  Wow... it's like the most convenient plot twist in the history of film.  What is the range of the magnetic water tower?  Guess that doesn't matter because the government parked the cubes right across the street!  Lucky break for the alien because then the cubes all fly up into the air and re-create the alien ship - which then takes off like something from The Last Starfighter.  To add to my list of gripes - what was the alien trying to accomplish anyway?  If the little cubes had not been parked right across the street from the water tower, what would have been the point?  Let's say that the government had actually done something intelligent and had these cubes in a secret base somewhere for research.  What then?  What was the tower going to accomplish then?  In fact, I'd argue that the only way the plot makes any sense at all is if the alien knew the cubes would be within the range of the tower in the first place.  Otherwise, what is the alien doing except wasting time?  So the end result of this fiasco is that we have a bunch of kids that we don't care about chasing around an alien that we don't care about.  This is mixed in with some parents that we don't care about and some military leaders that we don't care about.  Super 8 only gets up to 2 stars because I didn't turn it off.  1 star is reserved for movies that are total garbage and unwatchable.
 This film kind of lost me at the train wreck...I've seen a train hit a truck, in fact a box truck not a pickup.  The train just swatted the truck aside (destroying it in the process) and continued on, with out derailing a single car. This crash was as though the train had hit an immovable wall, propelling huge freight cars through the air as though they were weightless, at least until they hit the ground. Speilberg does love his CGI....but it doesn't make a movie.
 *** This review may contain spoilers ***  It sure doesn't hurt to have your film produced by Steven Spielberg and apparently J.J. Abrams, creator of the highly commercially successful 'Super 8', understood that the way to Mr. Spielberg's heart (as well as his purse strings) was to create an homage to the 'master', a Spielberg clone if you will, that both legendary director and scores of uncritical teenagers could appreciate.  'Super 8' certainly begins with a clever concept. A group of teenagers are shooting their own amateur detective zombie movie which they hope to enter in a statewide competition. You can see how this would appeal to Mr. Spielberg--he got his start making amateur movies as a teenager. At the end of 'Super 8' during the closing credits, we actually get to see the amateur film ('The Case'), the intrepid teenagers end up creating. It's one of the most clever and enjoyable moments in 'Super 8', and it's too bad the rest of the film is unable to reflect the true joy and unheralded abandon of young teenagers trying to find their way in the adult world.  The protagonist here is Joe Lamb (very nicely played by newcomer Joel Courtney) who is your basic Spielberg stand-in. Note that the young Lamb is the make up and special effects guy who best friend Charles depends on to spruce up the amateur Super 8 film they're shooting at a nearby train station. The tension really builds when a real train derails and crashes in spectacular fashion and the kids barely escape with their lives.  After that, there just seem to be too many contrivances to ignore as Abrams introduces us to another tired alien 'E.T.' narrative, about a misunderstood Anthropod, pursued by a sadistic US military who won't let him return home. It's a little difficult to believe that Dr. Woodward, the kids' biology teacher, is able to survive the horrible train derailment; in addition, one can only wince that the film's primary victim is another saintly black man who must sacrifice his life for the good of all humanity (please see 'Terminator II' and '2012' for further examples).  Much more egregious is the idea that there is a psychopathic Air Force Colonel (Nelec) who has an entire group of soldiers who follow orders (like any good Nazi), ensuring that a kindly alien is tortured needlessly for years and his main protector, is murdered after surviving a horrendous train wreck. After the kids discover Woodward's treasure trove of journals and film, we realize that it's not only the military (represented by Nelec) who is indicted here, but the scientific community who went along with the cover-up. Thus it seems rather obvious that Abrams is content to take cheap shots at both the military and scientific community since in these days of heady conspiracy theories, it just seems like the easy thing to do.  While I had to suspend my disbelief that the military was unable to uncover Woodward's treasure trove before Joe and his gang get to it, I was more bothered by the fact that neither the local or national media picked up on this story considering that there were a lot of unusual goings-on in this little Ohio town. First off there probably would have been a lot more questions from the media regarding the massive train wreck which probably would have drawn even more reporters to the sleepy town. Then after the power went on and off, and the sheriff disappeared, there was a town meeting (which certainly would have been covered by at least some local media), leading to some additional uncomfortable questions, which in real life, probably would have led to further scrutiny (perhaps leading to coverage by the national news.) In other words, this is something that could not have been covered up so easily as Abrams would like us to believe.  Abrams has more difficulty turning his alien into something lovable and cuddly. After all, he's locked himself into a corner when Nelec is depicted as having tortured the hapless creature relentlessly for years. Abrams is content to have the creature communicate telepathically--once anyone bothers to do a 'mind meld', the alien 'understands' that humans mean no harm, and it conveniently backs off acting aggressively. This is shown in the past with Dr. Woodward but also in the present with Joe, who tells the creature 'it's okay' to go home! The problem remains is that the creature has kidnapped a whole bunch of townspeople including Joe's love interest, Alice, who remains suspended upside down, in the creature's subterranean lair. One wonders how long the all those people have been hanging upside down. What happens if they have to go to the bathroom? And why does the creature grab the sheriff a second time? Has he killed him or simply hung him up on the 'rack' for another bout of suspended animation? It's obvious that Abrams doesn't want to kill the townspeople off since that will put his cuddly alien in a bad light!  For those who haven't noticed, 'Super 8' does have a 'B' story. No it's not the prepubescent romance between Alice and Joe but rather the conflict between their warring fathers, Jackson and Louis. It seems that alcoholic Louis missed a day at work and as a result, Joe's Mom was killed in an industrial accident. Unfortunately, Abrams misses an opportunity to develop Louis's character and he comes across as too petulant for most of the film. Jackson is good trying to wear many hats in attempting to help harried townspeople during the 'creature crisis' but later, the big 'rescue' of the kids flops, after Joe and his chums escape from the besieged bus, by themselves.  For those who enjoy Spielberg, 'Super 8' may be the ticket to relive the memories of some of Spielberg's sci-fi classics. But for those who want something that's not so derivative, you'll probably come away being a bit disappointed.
 The bad new
 I knew I had to see this film when I saw the trailer. A trailer usually promises what can be deemed as a faithful description of the film. Watching Super 8 was like watching a 2 hour trailer of a film which never really begins, I kept waiting to be awed but the film lacks an intriguing storyline. I haven't read the book and don't intend to but I paid good money to watch this and came out feeling rather ripped off. I cannot fathom Spielberg made such a lousy film especially since he has BACK TO THE FUTURE to his credit. When I think science fiction, I think of films such as - District 9, War of the worlds, Jusassic Park and such. Definitely not Super 8. It's the kind of film you will never ever remember for anything, not even for the fat kid who thinks he should be a director. No irony and the direction seemed very auto-pilot'ish.
 after viewing super 8 I thought the action footage was great. after reading the reviews I can see why the country is in such a mess. you get all these good reviews and not once in the good reviews do I see anyone comment on the rude and nasty behavior of these 12 year old kids. Im 65 and even today i would not treat anyone like these kids did in the movie. the script writers think that this is funny to treat other friends this way is a joke. i would not recommend this movie for anyone under 18 years of age. come on America clean up your act
 With heightened anticipation (Steven Spielberg is THE cinematic deity and Abrams...well Lost was quite original) based on a phenominal trailer I took my family to see Super 8. The movie seems to have been heavily influenced by ET and while it's not completely fair to make the connection, the movie would have been better served had it taken some lessons from the classic. I enjoyed the developing relationship between Joe and Alice who find a connection based on their difficult family circumstances and it was a pleasure watching these two young actors, as well as the other supporting character child roles. Unfortunately the movie fails miserably on three counts. One, the "bad guy", a military commander, is the same standard two-dimensional, typical cardboard cut out baddie that we've seen a gazillion times before. Two, the movie attempts to have the audience feel empathetic to a creature-character in the film, but fails to invest in any meaningful attachments that had to happen between it and the children. In fact, scenes were chosen that actually work against the emotional buildup that's required to appreciate the ending, instead you could really care less. I've seen ET nearly three dozen times in the last 25 years and it never fails to bring moisture to my eyes in the final moments of the film while your heart is breaking because of the character bond's established in the film - there is none of that here. Third, special effects and action scenes are fun to watch, (the train wreck scene is pretty cool, I'm not going to lie) but it would have been better to put more emphasis on story and character than on sequences that seemed pointless or were drawn out too long. Overall, I was marginally entertained, but felt let down given the pedigree of the talent behind the film - as if God was resting on the Sabbath day.
 This movie had great potential but really fell short. If I had gone to the movie theater to see this movie I would have been terribly disappointed.
 This is the same old four public domain titles that pop up everwhere.  They also appear on the SONY Three Stooges DVDs, restored form 35mm.  If you want cheap, you'll get what you pay for here. If you want quality buy the SONY DVDs.
 The 3 movies were such bad quality, they were difficult to watch. Bright Eyes was so bad the entire film "jiggled". They had the look of pirated films.
 I randomly stumbled upon this film while browsing around on Netflix. With a title such as this, it immediately peaked my interest. Being a horror film buff, I hadn't even heard of this film, so I knew what I had here was probably just a fairly bad B-movie from the 70s. And that's pretty much what this film is. Not to say its down right horrible or unwatchable, but it gets closer to this status as the film progresses. And towards the end it becomes just plain bad. But I will get into that later. The basic plot of the film (told in a flashback sequence) involves a few buddies that get trapped a cave while exploring it. While being trapped for weeks, worse comes to worse. And after drawing straws, the friends cut off the unlucky winner's arm for food. Unfortunately, help comes almost immediately after, leaving the guys to make up a story about how the severed arm happened, and leaving the victim, Ted, delirious from the entire experience. It's now 5 years later, and after one of those friends receive a severed arm in the mail, they all know that their one-armed friend Ted is back for revenge. Of course, it ends up not being that simple, because as usual with movies like these, there's a twist at the end. In all honesty, I really like this plot. It's one of the better ideas for a horror film out there I think. Unfortunately, this movie had pretty much everything else working against it.  This film has tons of problems. First off, its pretty easy to see this was low budget. The special effects weren't good, though there wasn't much of them, mainly only a fake looking severed arm. There's barely any blood in this film and hardly a body count. The sets were cheap looking, especially the cave and hospital scene sets. The make-up effects? Oh boy! Look no further that those scenes inside the cave. First off, those guys were supposed to be trapped in that cave for weeks, right? Yet they look pretty healthy, and haven't lost any weight. But during that time they did however grow the bushiest, most fake looking beards I have ever seen! Its laughable. You just have to see it. The music is typical 70s synthesizer (and xylophone?)  babble. I've learned to accept that with most of these films from the 70s and 80s. but its seemed to get worse (and louder) as the movie went on. And continuity? Wow. This film might have the worst continuity scene I've ever seen a movie, period. It happens towards the end of a film on a beach. It literally goes from pitch black night to bright day, then back to night! It's so bad it's hilarious. The acting , though it isn't purely terrible, isn't great. The main character Jeff is pretty dull, and the character of "Mad Mad Herman as he calls himself, its quite laughable. It does however have one of my favorite B-movie actors Paul Carr (those MST3k fans out there might remember him in the "It Lives By Night episode).  With all these elements working against it, this film really has no chance to be good. The original concept is there though. It even has "the call is coming from inside the house gag that predates When a Stranger Calls by 6 years. Overall, this film is a great candidate for a remake. I don't see why Hollywood doesn't dig out films like these and realize their potential. Instead they go for the most popular franchises with such die hard fan bases, there's almost a guarantee of a backlash from fans. For having an original idea alone, I give this 2 stars. Its just a shame that everything else falls flat. Hollywood should take a look at this film.
 i have had many bootlegs of this over the past 25 or more years and most of them are better quality than this, i dont know if this is official or not but its not worth your money, i gave it 2 stars for the audio alone video is crap!
 this is totally bogus. ozzy's vocals are overdubed. they are not even close to being what he sounds like live. the music sounds great, but then ozzy comes in with studio created vocals. i wish they would give us the real raw product.  i saw this tour, his voice was rough but it was live. in concert he can't get all the notes, but who cares, it's still great when he can't reach all the high stuff. it is done so badly sometimes he is singing one thing and you hear words that don't match with his lips.  very disapointing. ozzy don't be ashamed of your voice we love it anyway.  don't buy this for ozzy's live voice, it's a studio creation. i blame sharon
 Hey look, the songs are great but when I had the DVD, the sound or at least the 5.1 sucked. Only for serious collectors.
 I've said it before, and I'll say it again
 This DVD produced by (shudder) Madacy offers a very good Laurel and Hardy film ( Flying Deuces ) with a very, very poor one ( Utopia , AKA  Atoll K ). Bad picture quality (with compression) is evident on both films, along with wafer thin sound. The extras are typical of Madacy. There's a trivia game, filmography, and some biographies. All in all, you should stay away from this to find a better transfer of 'Flying Deuces.'
 I recently found this two-pack in a bargain bin for five bucks, Being a Lucy fan I snatched it up and brought it home. Well all I can say is that I'm glad I only paid five bucks for it. On the up side the shows are highly entertaining and they highlight an era in television that rarely receives it's due, But on the down side the tranfer looks like it's been pooped on and at times all you see is a white screen with an outline of Lucy. But the shows almost make this DVD a good value, bottom line! BUY IT FOR FIVE BUCKS. Any higher it's a bad value.
 I'm not going to rip Hilary Duff apart like a previous reviewer because I actually think she was about the best part of this film, hence the one star. It's fun and girly but I couldn't enjoy it because of the constant stereotypes (i.e. blonde girl enters the business world and doesn't know anything apart from how to utilize colour, as well as the consistent way the female characters judge men by their 'hot abs' or 'tight asses'). It just seems a bit sexist in terms of both the male and female characters and, while I know most chick flicks are like this to some extent, it has never been to the extent that I've felt the need to switch off. The English guy's accent is laughable. Why don't they just use English people to portray English people rather than people whose accent flips between Australian and American? The other characters besides Lane are pretty rubbish and wooden, including her best friend and more or less all the people she works with. The story, I guess, is light-hearted and cutesy, but if you have an ounce of intellect and don't assume that all women are bimbos whose specialist subject is coats and men's worth is assessed by the tightness of their buns, I suggest looking elsewhere. I was also a little concerned about the sexual references (i.e. painting each others bodies with chocolate and then 'burning it off' after one date, talk of climaxing etc.). Surely that's a bit much for a younger audience?
 The film emphasizes Nash's wild childishness and insanity, which apparently were true, but conveys no sense of either the depth or breadth of Nash's mathematical creativity and contributions.  Nasar's book of the same title is far better and is far more informative, although it receives some reasonable criticism in Mirowski's 'Machine Dreams' (where the question 'What does it feel like to play a Nash equilibrium?' is posed). For an even better history of game theory, RAND, military funding of science, and simultaneously a biography of von Neumann, read Poundstone's 'Prisoner's Dilemma' (which Nasar quotes abundantly in her book 'A Beautiful Mind'). One interesting point conveyed by the film
 Amazing record by Ron Howard - has managed to ruin every movie he's directed so far. Way to go! Can take a great, cool story, and load it with triteness and cliche-ridden cinematics, pacing, and story. I was quite excited to see this movie when I bought it - I knew it was about a famous mathematician, that it had won awards (or been nominated, anyway), and I like movies and plays about math and science. And lest you think I didn't like this because it was ron howard, I didn't know it was Ron Howard when I watched it.  After watching this and feeling that I had been taken for a ride, with every emotional response I'm supposed to have being telecasted to me through script and music (like a Spielberg movie but without the artistry), and being taken so far from reality, I and my friend who watched it together felt abused and misled. "Who directed this thing? I asked. "Ah - Ron Howard. That explains why this movie, which has a great and compelling human story underlying it and could have really been a greaet movie that people would watch over time, sucks. Though I give it two stars, let me give 5 stars to the cast - incredible acting, especially from Russel Crowe. Ed Harris great as always. Rest of the cast, brilliant. This movie has some tremendous acting. It's just too bad that Mr. Howard felt the need to manipulate us, tell us what to feel and think, and tug at the emotional heartstrings intentionally, instead of letting the story itself do that for us.  The story of a person's life, told truthfully and accurately, without manipulation, is *far* more compelling than any fictional story we could think to invent, and certainly far more interesting than taking a person's story and adding in some fictional components to make it "sell to the movie public. Sorry, but the movie public just ends up feeling abused. Nash's story could be told on grainy black and white film, with the same cast, but with no special effects, and audience would be riveted, because Nash's story *itself* is riveting. Please stop adding fiction to real-life stories; please stop manipulating the viewers, Mr. Howard. On the DVD itself
 This is not the most beautiful movie. Sadly, though, it may be the most of the whole year. When I went to see this film I hadn't know much on John Nash. I still do not! After sitting through (*shudder*) Russel Crowe, who you cannot escape anywhere, for 2 and a half hours, I had to find out the whole thing was a down-spankin'-right evasive flick with tomfoolery! Ron Howard is one of those... directors who loves to play around with real life and switch it' into an innocent, benevolent and tender motion picture. I urge you to take a look into his recent films
 They don't pass out pens to revered professors at Princeton. And John Nash was, very briefly, a very good mathematician.  This manipulative tale plays upon all sorts of prejudices --eg  if you're that smart something else must be wrong  and somehow manages to ignore the fact that during this period, at Princeton, the urbane, sane, funny, and more brilliant John von Neuman not only invented game theory (to which work Nash's is essentially a special case), but also was responsible for the architecture of the stored memory computer (still the model for our CPUs fifty years later), and designed much of the theoretical and practical system by for US command and control of its nuclear forces-- in short he did what Nash is presented as fantasizing about. So we have a celebratory film about a mathematician who did some good work, then went mad, and is now not so mad. That is not exactly a beautiful mind. . .
 Not that I expected a documentary, but playing John Nash's delusions straight for the bulk of the film and then jumping out and yelling "Surprise! reminded me a bit of the Ewings trying to pick up their lives after Bobby died, in "Dallas, and then having him show up in the shower the following season because Pam was dreaming for all of last season. It was a cheap trick. This film exploited Nash's schizophrenic hallucinations at the expense of the very real handicaps he had to overcome, and I didn't appreciate it one bit.
 A BEAUTIFUL MIND is just a mediocre film. After seeing such brilliant films as DONNIE DARKO, MOULIN ROUGE, VANILLA SKY, LORD...RINGS, MULHOLLAND DRIVE, etc., I fail to understand why this film was nominated for anything. After seeing this film for the first time, I thought
 After all the hype and Oscars, I thought I'd better get around to watching "A Beautiful Mind".  While the first half of the film steers you completely and deliberately in the wrong direction... which is very clever when the secret is revealed, after this the second half of the film seems to go downhill toward a typical Hollywood-esque weepy finale.  While I really tried to like the main character, Mr Nash, I found I didn't really care! After the closing titles rolled, I felt the film was desperately trying to out-do "Shine".. but with all the film's fancy camera work and ageing make up, it didn't quite manage it. If you want to watch a film about mental illness which has great acting and real emotion... Watch "Shine"!
 Until the revelation of the Big Surprise, the movie is great.  After that, it becomes the typical Hollywood head vs. heart smackdown.  Like any professional wrestling presentation, it's a fixed fight.  You're a fool to bet on the gray wrinkled tinker toy instead of the little red pumping engine that could.  We Americans can't seem to get enough of such this corner/that corner spectacles, despite the predictability of the formula and the drabness of the platitudes that pop out in the end. Crowe puts up a good struggle here, but no actor could slog gracefully through the syrup that coagulates over the last third of this script.  Ed Harris is awesome.  Jennifer Connelly is a pretty cream puff and little else. The DVD is full of the typical self-congratulatory and mutual back-patting nonsense, along with a bunch of useless behind-the-scenes material.  What's the point of knowing how the special effects and make-up were done, how the cast was chosen, how the score was written, etc?  Especially for this film which is not destined to be a classic.
 Ron Howard takes an inspiring story and, true to form, reduces it to its most saccharine components. Consequently, this movie is virtually indistinguishable from Howard's other work.  The movie chronicles the life and trials of John Nash, a prodigious mathematical talent and eventual winner of the Nobel Prize. Nash matriculates as a doctorate candidate at Princeton in 1947, where he stagnates academically until he discovers his  truly unique idea ; that single accomplishment that distinguishes him from what he perceives to be the majority humanity
 Having read the book, I was quite disappointed with this movie.  Sure, the movie is gripping because the story is tragically sad and the acting is pretty good.  In this sense, the movie does a good of job highlighting the impact of serious mental illness and the need to help those who are dealing with it.  But the problem is that the movie is about a real person, and comparison with the book (which I trust) shows that the movie left out and changed so many key elements that it represents an unacceptable distortion of the truth of John Nash's life.  I could go into detail by giving many examples, but instead I urge you to simply read the book (or listen to the audiobook).  The true story is far more powerful and interesting than this ridiculously popularized movie.
 This is one of the worst adaptations of a book I have ever seen. I was looking forward to seeing Russell Crowe play John Forbes Nash, Jr. in the adaptation of what is an excellent book. Instead, what I saw was a movie that happens to have the same title as the book and whose main characters also happen to have the same names as those in John Nash's life, but the resemblance doesn't go much beyond that.  The movie does focus on one major element from Nash's life, and that was his schizophrenia. Unfortunately, Ron Howard decided to make almost the whole movie about Nash's schizophrenia. In doing this, the movie resembles an X-Files episode more than Nash's real life -- much in the same way other movies allow themselves to take outrageous and interesting plot twists and then the main character wakes up in the end realizing that the things that happened were nothing more than a dream. Nash's life was so much more than his schizophrenia. The film does have its good points. Russell Crowe gives an excellent performance as an academic suffering from delusions. Also at one point in the first 25 minutes of the movie we get a clever -- but much too brief -- taste of what game theory is about, the field in which Nash's work won him a Nobel Prize.
 In the movie 'A Beautiful Mind' we are supposed to understand and sympathize with John Nash as he battles schizophrenia.  But what astounds me about this movie is that it never explains schizophrenia.  Most people still think it's that MULTIPLE PERSONALITY URBAN MYTH.  They might think the imaginary roommate is personality #2.  I must also add that I read the book and the movie and book are extremely different.  The movie is the HOLLYWOOD VERSION.  Most of the stuff in the movie is fictional.
 I knew this movie would be a disappointment, and I was right.  It left me untouched, unmoved, and failed to evoke any emotions in me.  Acting was OK.  Story and plot were weak.  Nothing much happens here.  There is very little to keep anyone awake or interested.  And yes, as many viewers point out, the whole  love saves the day  thing made me nauseous.  After  Gladiator  won Best Picture last year, I knew anything the Academy did afterwards would be utterly ridiculous.  I was right again.  This was a potentially interesting premise totally squandered by sentiment, cliche and swelling violins.  Ugh, the more I think about it, the more I don't like it.
 Despite the fact that the acting and makeup in this movie were well done, A Beautiful Mind suffers from Hollywood syndrome. Ron Howard's directing has never impressed me, and this movie is no exception. Generic classical techniques flood this film, and even when the camera is doing something interesting, there is more of an emphasis on  money shots  than anything else. If anything the plot was coherent and possessed a few points that were somewhat clever, but that does not help the unoriginality of this film. Like Men of Honor, this is a typical overdramatic biography film that suffers from exaggerated dialogue, stale camerawork, and as always a predictable score, chock full of soaring violins and oodles of crecendo. Once again the acting was not bad, but it still suffered from the melodramatic plague that has infected nearly every Holloywood blockbuster in the past decade. The pacing of this movie also suffered greatly, for it either moved way too slowly or too awkwardly. At times some scenes seemed thrown together or piled on. Bluntly put, this film just did not interest me. It was not realistic enough to come across as a biography (due to the score, acting, and dialogue), not paced well enough to make a great deal of sense, excruciatingly long and painful to watch, and not compelling enough in regards to both the plot and the esthetics. If you must see this film, wait until it is released on video and rent it. This could pass as Oscar material, but only because Mr. Howard has pulled every old trick out of the proverbial book. Save your money and your 2 hours.
 Well, it appears that this film made enough academy members weep and decide finally to throw an Oscar Ron Howard's way (which he truly has deserved in the past), but this film is not nearly as remarkable or memorable as these awards would suggest.  [Just read what the serious reviewers had to say at rottentomatoes.] In addition to the fact that it is in essence a  fictionalization  of Nash's life, I found the film uneven and, gasp, even boring!  And what's worse, much to my friends' horror, I found I didn't even care about the John Nash portrayed in the film.  As portrayed he is certainly a tragic figure, but despite Howard's often over-wrought style, Crowe's Nash is not particularly noble, courageous or even likable.  I didn't feel much if anything for this man, but I know that I'm supposed to like him because that's Russell Crowe up there on the screen and that's Ron Howard directing him.  Well, rather than swallow this bland bait, I'd rather watch something meaningful.  I guess that's why I'm not an academy voter... If you want to watch this as a work of fiction, and you can stomach the manipulative tenor of Howard's direction, I guess you'll like  A Beautiful Mind.   If, however, you care about legitimate portrayals of historical figures, and you'd rather not have the director play on your emotions without any real substance to back it up, don't bother.  There are scores of films that are much more beautiful out there.
 The praise heaped onto "A Beautiful Mind befuddles me. This film, who's only redeeming quality is Russell Crowe's marvelous performance(Say what you want about the man's personal life, you cannot deny that he can act), is dull and lifeless. In fact, without that performance, the film is little better than a TV movie of the week.  The story, following the life of Mathmatician John Nash, is plagued by the dull pacing and scant charachterization that only Akiva Goldsman, the writer of such classics as "Lost in Space and "Batman & Robin", can provide. Only the Nash charachter is given any insight, as Jennifer Connelley's charachter, Nash's wife Alicia, is little more than a cipher, her reasons for loving Nash never explained, as Nash appears downright unlovable. I would say that her winning an Oscar for this and Crowe's being passed over is akin to Kim Basinger winning for "LA Confidential and Crowe not even being nominated, except that "Confidential was so much better a film, that the comparison would be insulting.  The direction is standard Ron Howard, which is to say workmanlike, hetting the job done, with few stylistic flashes, and not much else. He fails to elicit much from any actor besides Crowe, and since Crowe has publicly said that Opie let him "be himself"(read
 After looking at several other reviews, I'll be the counter- point.  First of all, no question that Crowe did an excellent job.  However, maybe because my education is all in mathematics, I was looking for something more ... including a better, more accurate, characterization of the mathematical setting Nash found himself in.  Didn't happen. I don't believe the film was intended to be a documentary - Howard could have done much better at that.  It evidently wasn't a biography either.  What then was it?  A story about mathematics and/or a mathematician?  A study in mental disorders?  If it was intended to be either, it fell short.  On the one hand the  person in the street  could not get much of a feel for Nash and his contribution to mathematics from this film ... an important and significant omission.  On the other, nothing really was said regarding the events leading up to THE high point of his career - achieving the Nobel Prize.  Ya just can't leave this kind of stuff out in a flick like this!!  Moreover, there is no Nobel in mathematics and that is a significant point in this case. If this was a study in mental disorder all I can say is it was way too shallow. Glad I saw it, wouldn't see it again.
 If you want to see a movie about the JOhn Lennon killing, get Chapter 27 with Jared Leto. It's much better. I have both this one and Chapter 27.
 Some of the tracks were bad. I wanted to send it back to you for a replacement, but I had been very busy. Is there a possibility that I can get a better one?
 Anybody who falls for the cover blurb "SEVEN meets SILENCE OF THE LAMBS is gonna be disappointed...kinda like me.  Nicely filmed and that's about it H is the clunky, unexciting tale of a copycat serial killer who's reenacting the grisly murders of another killer who was arrested 10 months earlier.  Very interesting idea.  Now enter the world's most inept cops.  First you got Kang who in every single scene freaks out in some way and either kicks something, breathes heavy, screams, wrecks his car or all of the above.  His partner, Kim, has a haircut like Mia Farrow in ROSEMARY'S BABY and the personality of the wooden Indian in CREEPSHOW 2.  She also likes to disrupt crime scenes, stare blankly and punch or shoot Kang.  I wanted to like the film.  I was all excited and happy for about the first minute and forty seconds then Kang showed up and it all went downhill from there.  On the bright side I did learn that if I ever want to head up a surprise raid on a serial killer's house to NOT land a helicopter in his front yard first.
 A pair of emotionally damaged police detectives (Jung-ah Yum and Jin-hee Ji) investigate a series of gruesome killings that emulate the murders of a serial killer (Seung-woo Cho) who was imprisoned ten months earlier.  They suspect that he has an accomplice on the outside.  In a sense, they are correct.  The truth provides a nice twist that would have had more impact if it had not been imbedded in a plot that has so many lapses in logic.  Unprofessional behavior makes it difficult to take these cops seriously.  They seem to make some pretty big intuitive leaps and there are plot elements that don't connect very well to the main story, although both of these could be the fault of poor subtitling.  The final moments of the film are intended to shock, but they require one character to behave in a way that contradicts what we have seen of her before, so it comes off as cheap exploitation.
 Was not the movie I wanted my misstake  but it came on time and was packaged as it should be thoe I have not watched it so I have no opinion on this movie. silly me.    Barb
 such a bad movie. i can't believe how many good reviews this film has received. first of all, a good horror movies either has good gore/story or both. mulberry street has neither. horror fans want to see some blood. nothing really happens in the first 40 minutes or so, the audiece is painfully forced to watch the comings and goings of a group of people. there is no charater development at all. if the write and director wants a good story, then they must have good character develoment so the audience can relate to them. these pathetic character have nothing to do with the plot. and when the reall horror begins, there is nothing scary or even remotely original. in fact, i hate these charaters so much, and i cannot wait to see them being attacked and eaten. the apocalpse/zombie story has been done countless times, but others do a much better job. this film makes me angry. avoid it
 this movie is the worst movie in the 07 set and i would not buy this movie maybe rent it if you just have to see it
 Based on the reviews here and on imdb, I was expecting a lot more. I can only imagine that the reviewers are not horror afficionados and so their ability to be startled and scared are somewhat lower than your usual horror fan. The first problem with "Mulberry Street is that it takes much too long to start. Too much background information that could've been inserted during breaks in the action and very slow progression of incidents leading to the fun of Act 2. And as for the action and suspense, the director fails to provide any real thrills and chills with the shaky camera movment just becoming annoying after awhile. With films like "30 Days of  Night, "28 Weeks Later, and the Resident Evil series bringing the "mankind vs. the maddening hoards premise to new and more interesting levels, "Mulberry Street, fails to bring anything new or interesting to the genre. Besides this, the somewhat double ending was odd and unsatisfying leaving me and other viewers to wonder if the two male leads had a relationship. While not terribly awful, nor as bad as some of the Sci-Fi Channel fare, you'll wish you had spent your time otherwise instead of wasting it on "Mulberry Street. Last year's initial offerings of the After Dark Horrorfest films were surprisingly good.  There were no classics in the group but neither were there any real duds either (Although The Hamiton's came close).  The films were consistently well made considering the budget constraints they were under.  With that in mind, the anticipation for this year's films was quite high.  Unfortunately, things don't get off to a very strong start with Mulberry St., a ridiculous creature feature that is about fifty years too late.  Most of the action takes place in a New York apartment building with a diverse group of tenants including former boxer Clutch, androgynous Coco, single mom Kay and her teenage son, and some assorted old coots.  For reasons which are never explained and barely even touched on, rats in the subway begin attacking and biting people.  We're never shown these attacks, we hear about them only through TV and radio news reports and thus, it's impossible to grasp just what kind of scale we are talking about.  Is it dozens of rats?  Hundreds?  Thousands?  This part of the city is locked down to try and contain the virus spread by the rats, a virus which turns the victim into, for lack of a better term, were-rats.  Now if the virus had simply turned the people rabid and crazed with a taste for blood, it could have worked.  But no, the virus actually turns them into human rats with pointy ears and noses, long sharp teeth, and whiskers.  The make-up was so bad that the actors looked like rejects from the Broadway play of Cats.  It was unintentionally funny.  There is no logic to the plot.  What caused the rats to start attacking?  What caused people bitten to turn into rats?  And what was done to prevent further outbreaks?  All of these questions are left unanswered.  The rat-people converge on the neighborhood including the apartment building, crawling between the walls and ceilings to attack the residents who think they are safe behind closed doors.  The performances weren't terrible and you have to laud the actors for at least going along with the awful plot and giving it their best.  Kim Blair manages to stand out as Clutch's daughter Casey, a solider returning home from the Middle East just as the outbreak begins.  There's nothing terrifying in Mulberry St., and there's no suspense.  The rat-people were unconvincing as a threat, and the story is filled with crater-like divots.  Extras  Mulberry St. does come with a number of extras should you really want to see them.  "Behind the Scenes
 Seeing the preview for this movie, I knew two things
 Both "Africa Screams & "Jack and the Beanstalk have been around for years. The two films were once available in Super 8 & 16mm dupes of varying quality. The Roan Group DVD is simply a copy of the Image Ent Laser Disc from the 1990's. Screams suffers the most as the first 30 minutes is very soft, and has a greenish tint to it. The remaining 50 minutes is great though. Beanstalk is BEAUTIFUL and has all original Warner Brothers opening and closing credits. Be mindful that it is the original release version running 78 minutes, not the 81 minute pre-view version. All in all a good buy, just don't expect the best quality.
 My paranormal group will be going to the USS North Carolina within the next several months, and I wanted to get some ideas about the location, and I thought this video might be of some help.  I had contemplated purchasing the DVD for $25, but I saw that it was only 30 minutes long. I did see there was the option to view it once on either  my PC or through my Roku box for $1.99, so I decided to go that route. I felt that if the video had plenty of good content, as far as paranormal hot spots and a decent tour of the ship, I would go ahead and purchase the DVD version. I'm glad that I didn't get the DVD version.  Danny Bradshaw is the night watchman for the ship, and he is the primary focus within the video. Danny has been there for 33yrs and he's had several experiences there during that period. He did mention a couple of other people having experiences as well, and I should mention that he also has a room on the ship.  The amateur looking video is loaded with promotions for all sorts of things unrelated to the ship, and Danny also has several moments with promoting his book, urging people to buy it because the money would go to a relative's trust fund. I get the sense that the proceeds of this video is also going towards that trust fund too.  Danny talked several times about how the book contained 13 paranormal stories, with eleven being things that he experienced and two from other people. I got the sense the video was a teaser towards buying the book, and during the video, I saw that Danny held the book in such a fashion to where I could see that it was extremely thin; I'd have to guess that it might be about a quarter inch thick.  Danny told several ghost stories about things that happened in his room, in the bullpen, and in the mess hall. I can't be sure if he actually told all thirteen stories or not during the video, but to me, it felt like he didn't. At the end of the video, I had a great sense of disappointment at feeling the video was loaded with promos and very little content. I think that I would have been very angry if I had paid $25 instead of the $1.99. I didn't actually time the amount of content versus the promos, but if I had to take a wild guess, I would have to say there might have been +/- 15 minutes.  If you absolutely positively have to view this video, I would suggest watching it for the price of $1.99 instead of purchasing the $25 DVD video. If the video is any indication on how well the book might be, I feel that I well be skipping that as well.
 I've said it before, and I'll say it again
 This DVD produced by (shudder) Madacy offers a very good Laurel and Hardy film ( Flying Deuces ) with a very, very poor one ( Utopia , AKA  Atoll K ). Bad picture quality (with compression) is evident on both films, along with wafer thin sound. The extras are typical of Madacy. There's a trivia game, filmography, and some biographies. All in all, you should stay away from this to find a better transfer of 'Flying Deuces.'
 While I don't always get to see the wide range of movies thanks to shoddy stores, I've always loved many of the films that come from Asia from the horror of Ringu and Ju-On to animated ones like Millennium Actress or the quirky awesomeness of the Host. So I like to check out films that most otherwise would bypass but I've heard of Stephen Chow and his films "Kung Fu Hustle and "Shaolin Soccer but never have actually seen them but when his new film, a family film called "CJ7 was out, I thought I'd check it out. Ultimately what I got was a cute and time-tested idea ruined by some bad script decisions and humor.  Ti is a hard-working man with a job at the construction site but he's so poor that he has to work extra hours just to buy an electric fan and good luck finding decent food as well. His son Dicky is enrolled into a school so he can realize his full potential if only it weren't for his ratty clothes and constant picking-on by classmates and even teachers. So when Ti brings home a ball hoping to give the kid a new, impressive toy, Dicky's surprised that it's actually an alien from outer space and the 2 become friends and help deal with their family problems.  That last part I have to admit was a little hard to write since it doesn't really do that all that much, or well. Think back to the film this got compared to
 I appreciate other reviewers here cautioning us as to the content of this movie, and I think that caution should be heeded.  This movie vastly presents itself as a whimsical almost light-hearted morality tale for youngsters, but there are definitely a half a dozen scenes so different as to be glaringly out of place, if not downright unsuitable for young children.  For instance, in one scene the father thinks the boy is lying and begins to whip him with escalating frustration, to the point of being what in this country would definitively be called abuse.  I was so stunned by this scene that I thought for a moment that the movie must have skipped to an "extra features section.  Then there is the boy stabbing his toy.  The point here is not that children never project their frustration through acting out violently.  The point here is that this movie is so predominantly a child oriented fantasy that this scene of violence is completely out of place.  There are several other scenes that fall into this category.  I like some of Steven Chow's other movie's (I'm a huge fan of Kung Fu Hustle).  And though there are many things I liked about this film, its construction seems poor compared to his previous work.  These out of place sequences disturb me enough that I am forced to rate this movie much lower than it could possibly have been.
 I like Stephen Chow's work.  Especially Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle.  (I have Kung Fu Hustle on DVD, Blu-Ray and UMD.)  I pre-ordered this DVD without seeing it first.  I wish I had seen the movie in the theater first.  It is not what I expected.  Yes, it is probably intended to be a "family film.  That's perfectly fine.  However, I cannot imagine sitting down and watching this with any young kids.  Unless of course it's pouring raining outside and they just watched "Bambi and "Old Yeller back to back.  That will prepare them for what is to come in this movie.  There is some cute stuff in the movie.  But there is also some content that might be difficult or emotional for some kids.  The brief homages to Shaolin Soccer, Kung Fu Hustle and Mission
 I love horror movies, but I'm the first to admit that I prefer the creepiness of traditional films in the past.  The newer movies that prefer to skip right to violence or aim for the squeamish unnerving of their viewers - they're not really my thing.  I found that this movie was a double edged sword.  Not only was there a lot of seemingly unnecessary violence (toward characters that we were unable to find a connection to) but the story seemed a little convoluted as well.  After reading a little about this movie online, I found that this is a prequel to the director's 2004 movie Malevolence.  Maybe I needed to see that movie to appreciate this film more, but I didn't see any mention of the connection at all in the movie description.  I feel like the movie was maybe trying really hard to explain the situation in the first film, but without Malevolence's storyline put into the context - this film just seemed like a meandering concept.  Either way, I'd say if these types of horror films are your style, then watch both movies then maybe you could get more out of this than I did.  I just think this goes off target in too many aspects for my taste.
 Rule #1 for pretty women in horror films
 This is why I'd never heard of this movie before, even though I'm sort of a movie buff.  It pretty much sucks.  The first part is slow and boring, a few slasher scenes notwithstanding.  Michael Biehn turns in a poor performance, and neither the killer nor his kiddie apprentice are believable at all.  There's just too little evil in the killer.  The rest of the film is mostly predictable and like the setup, really needed some good editing (and acting, and scripting, and everything).
 Understanding that this is a prequel to the movie Malevolence, this movie may, in fact, be more meaningful than it came off as a standalone, since I cannot attest to how much it ties into the first movie. I understand that these movies are supposed to be a trilogy ultimately with Bereavement as the first installment, Malevolence as the middle, and one more to come after the sequence of both these movies. In general, I haven't seen out of sequence movies work particularly well.  I mean it didn't even work for Star Wars since you know what's going to happen, it's simply an element that's been taken away from the enjoyment. The primary message of this story focuses on the never ending debate of nature vs. nurture.  Can you take a young innocent sweet child and turn them into a psychopath?  To me, this movie was more about natural selection, because the characters in this movie were simply TSTL, too stupid to live.  A young six year old boy, Martin, with a very rare medical condition that enables him to feel no pain, is kidnapped in the beginning of the film by a crazy psychopathic killer.  It's unclear to me if Martin was actually targeted by the killer since he seems to know right away that Martin can feel no pain, but the circumstances of the man's living conditions and the way he's trolling for victims makes it appear more random.  Regardless, we flash forward five years and Martin is still living with the killer and has witnessed five years of stabbing and mutiliation of female after female and the victims are plentiful indeed.  Close by, a teenage Allison comes to live with her uncle and his family after the death of her parents in a car crash.  Allison is withdrawn and rebellious and takes out her pain and frustration by jogging which leads her past the killer's ramshackle home.  When Allison sees Martin in the window time after time, she grows curious and eventually decides to inspect the home where she finds unspeakable horror.  With the synopsis over, let's move on to the TSTL moments.  The movie contains a limitless amount of kidnapped women in what appears to be a very small community where neighbors are miles and miles from one another.  The killer obviously leaves his neighborhood to find his victims, but after so many, you'd think that police/FBI and surrounding area citizens would be leary and on the lookout.  The movie actually takes place from 1989 to the mid 90's and the psychopath grabs his victims in public and broad daylight half the time with a very conspicuous vehicle that apparently no one ever notices.  Not likely.  The victims who are kidnapped apparently only know how to scream in this film and there is absolutely no sense of self preservation.  Apparently when you know your life is on the line, punching, kicking, and arming yourself with the plethora of knives sitting in front of you doesn't occur to anyone.  Just meeting total strangers does not prevent you from accepting a ride with them.  Whatever happened to don't talk to strangers?  During escape attempts, you should simply scream so the killer knows where you are.  And never ever should you call for backup or try to get the police.  It was simply obnoxious and you pretty much want the killing scenes to end because they're all about the gore factor.  This movie is incomplete and disconnected with the timeframe which it takes place. You know every minute with every scream what is going to happen, not only because the first movie pretty much tells you, but the creators of this movie didn't even try to throw a surprise at us.  There's no mystery, police procedure, red herrings or anything else.  It's simply a timeline of how an evangelical madman can raise someone in his image with the help of the incompetent citizens living around him.
 I went into this 1 watching with an open mind, even though these slasher type of movies don't do much for me. There was a lot of hype surrounding this one, sadly that's all it was  hype. It starts out pretty well but gorily. Sadly the meandering story goes nowhere, never really develops plot, or the characters into someone who you care about. Then it mindlessly digresses into a mindless slashfest, with no heart. Horrible, predictable, and utterly boring to me. Anyone can film a bloody mess, it takes talent to make it into an interesting story with characters you care about. Gave it an extra star for the pretty girl, thats about it. Don't pay to see this movie.
 A young boy, denied an education and forced to work in the family's animal processing plant while being repressed and abused by his father, grows up to be the creepy guy who lives alone at the now closed dilapidated plant in the middle of nowehere. He drives the beater looking van from the business and spends his time punching young women and dragging them back to his lair. Just for kicks, he picks up a young, seemingly mute boy and brings him back to learn the new family business.  Pan ahead 5 years, and we see voluptious, orphaned Allison arriving from Chicago to move in with her aunt and uncle in this boring small farm town; I mean, really, it's so small that the local high school doesn't have "much call for girls' sports (and this is the 90s). Mix in a bit of teenage rebellion, the local bad boy with a drunken, wheelchair-bound father, a motorbike and a penchant for auto mechanics, and a daily running regimen that takes young Allison right by the old Sutter place, and you have a recipe for what is unfortunately an all too familiar slasher flick.  Pros
 This movie is so repetitive and unoriginal. I'd give it one star but that is like giving 0 stars in my opinion (since one star is mandatory). Some of the acting was ok, so it gets 2 stars. Seriously though, skip this movie. I kept zoning out and dozing off until I heard the screaming; the same thing kept happening over and over again. It's one of those movies where the foreshadowing is so pointless because without it you already know what's going to happen, so you can't really be surprised, only annoyed that they thought this was actually going to be engrossing.
 I was not sure what to expect from  this film, but even without high expectations, I found myself disappointed.  This struck me as nothing more or less than a run-of-the-mill slasher film, purporting to explain the development into a young serial killer of an innocent 5 year-old boy who is abducted from his back yard.  I found the film unremarkable in every dimension - writing, production values, acting.
 Ineffective storyline plods along from scene to scene of gratuitous torture and murder. A crazy guy's occassional delusions passes for character development. As in many films of this nature there are very attractive women, cast as victims, and they do dumb things that put them in absurdly dangerous situations. In one scene a victim's foot flail's uselessly around the perp's head begging more than the obvious question of why doesn't she kick him in that peanut head-- rather how did the actress AVOID kicking the guy in the head.  I did not like the movie.
 I found this to be very slow moving. The main focus is on a young woman who has to move to the country to live with her uncle's family when her parents die. Interspersed with that is the evil guy who has abducted a young boy, and who likes to hang women up in his workshop and torture and kill them. Eventually the two plot lines converge, but by the time this happened I was to bored to care.  This might be worth watching if it shows up on your streaming video service and there's nothing else to watch. Otherwise I would recommend skipping it. If you like this type of movie, there are a lot better choices.
 I got this thinking it was a horror movie, and not knowing that it is a prequel to Malevolence, which I had not heard of. I had never seen a slasher movie, and did not know this was one of those.  It turns out there is a big difference between horror and slasher genres. Whereas a horror movie (Hitchcock's Psycho, The Exorcist, The Omen) builds suspense, fear, tension, or mystery, this movie did not waste time on these. The bad guy easily captures his prey, then keeps them around until he decides to kill them. For each of the 12 or so killings, it goes pretty much the same way. With a few (e.g. the rescuers) he kills them right away.  I guess the slasher genre is a bit like pornography - it's about the action; you don't want a plot to get in the way. Like porn, the action here does involve tools plunged repeatedly into young women's torsos, but the tools in this case are long and narrow knives used to stab their bellies. Where porn is judged mainly by quality and quantity of the action; this slasher movie scores high on quantity but low on quality of the gorey action.  The movie does not focus on realism. Each young woman starts screaming hysterically at the beginning of her scene, before anyone is threatening them or even nearby. They scream without interruption, and it actually grows in intensity as they are being stabbed. In real life, surgical modifications from the knife would cause their screams to change into other utterances, or stop as their diaphragm is unable to push air to their vocal cords. But like pornography, this is not real life, and such details are not important.  The bad guy is being harrassed by his dead father (a shadow, or a shrowuded figure on a bed), or by one of the horned steer skulls inside or around his dad's ruined meat packing factory. He talks about how they don't have feelings so they don't have fear, perhaps referring to the animals processed there; this is as much insight as we get into his background. Early on he kidnaps a six-year-old boy who has a disease that prevents him from feeling pain, and the implication is that he has no psychological feeling either. How these story elements fit together, or what relationship they have to the title, remains unclear to me.  A second plot line starts when a young lady with large breasts arrives in the same town to live with her aunt and uncle. How will this second plot line intersect with the first? Oh, the drama!  The movie is predictable. I guessed the plot resolution during the first five minutes. In most cases, I knew what was going to happen next. The plot surprised me a little when each of the two would-be rescuers went down so easily, as I thought they might build tension by having the victim have a chance of being saved.  Steven Mena is the creative force behind this movie
 Bereavement is a film that doesn't seem to know what it wants to be. We open to the films killer trolling the neighborhood for children in the kind of sinister beat up truck only found in films. He settles on snatching up a young boy on a swing. Through expository dialogue from his mother we discover that the boy suffers from a condition that causes him to feel no pain (don't remember the medical term). The mother explains to a babysitter that this is a serious condition and the boy must be monitored at all times since he could break a bone without noticing or even bleed to death from a cut. This detail is called a plot device since the risk of danger to the boy is never brought up again and he simply becomes a boy who feels no pain (quite an oddity for a serial killer who revels in torture). One would think that being raised by a schizophrenic killer in a filthy blood splattered abandoned meat packing plant would be a serious risk to someone with the boys condition but with the plot device established we need not dwell on the details. Also, this is the only child and only boy the killer ever grabs so now it's both a plot device AND a plot convenience. His true victims du jour are young hot women and this small town seems loaded with them.  Cut to five years later and the film starts to establish the other characters of the movie. Here the movie seems to want to have its cake and eat it to. The ancillary characters are not your typical stereotype or hopeless jackass. On the other hand they're not that compelling and I never felt emotionally invested in them but at least the film was trying. The problem is films create unlikable characters so that when the films killer/hero starts brutally murdering them it's popcorn munching fun. If you create characters for which you can have a shred of sympathy you expect them at the very least to put up a struggle or have a meaningful death. Instead bereavement just dispatches characters at rapid fire pace and suddenly I'm wondering what the point was of establishing them just to give them such an inglorious exit. Rather than feel scary the film just felt cruel and pointless. We also spend a lot of time with the killer and I guess the film was somewhat trying to make us feel sympathetic for the fact that he's emotionally tortured by some bulls skull that he believes is ordering him to commit these sadistic acts.  The film tries to rise above by creating characters rather than caricatures but then falls back on tired horror film tropes. The main girl in the movie is only captured by the killer because she's blisteringly stupid. At this point the audience should be concerned about her welfare but all I was focusing on was how amazing her braless breasts are. It's hard to think of bereavement as a more mature serial killer film when all you can focus on is how stunning the main actress's boobs bounce. Actually now that I think about it the unhurtable boys mother also had a freakishly stunning rack which sort of made it hard to focus on her anguish at the disappearance of the boy.  As much as bereavement tries to be thrilling it failed to pull me in. I didn't really care about the characters but I didn't dislike them enough to look forward to their deaths. I felt like bereavement was trying to satisfy everyone including fans of thrillers, fans of torture and gore and fans of boobs but never succeeded in presenting any of these well. The ending was obvious a quarter of the way into the movie and after it was all over I felt diminished for having watched it. I can handle gore and sure as heck can handle boobs but it's the meanness of it all that made me queasy particularly when it involved children. I would actually prefer to watch a dumb teenage slasher because at least those films generally know what they are.
 This item I bought was scratchy in the middle of the film. The disk never finished a specific scene and jumped-skipped to another scene. I never received the first copy I ordered though said it was shipped, so a kind woman from Amazon.com sent me another w/o charge or shipping.
 I'm generally a supporter of Tyler Perry productions. That being, the plays, and the TV shows. The movies for some reason never do it for me. Why Did I Get Married was not bad. The sequel for me, failed miserably. For one the intense comic relief along with the supercharged drama doesn't blend well for me (i.e. Madea Goes to Jail - the movie) The plot was all too predictable, ex wants the ex back, hubby and wife aren't happy, they argue and tragically one dies..meehhhh.... oh, let's not mention, one has cancer and it's not addressed at all other than when it's mentioned..It just seemed like a mash up of a bunch of recycled movie plots, all put together crudely. Hmm, just didn't sit well with me at all. Sorry.
 This movie is absolutely ridiculous and the only reason I gave it two stars was for the pretty scenery while they're in the Bahamas. I seriously could not believe this movie and truly wanted to stop watching, but like witnessing a train wreck, I could not pull myself away. Honestly, after the first movie that seemed to end with some redeeming qualities about marriage, I thought this one would continue in the same vein, but this was just a marriage basher. After watching this, why would anyone think marriage is a good thing? Two couples have major trust issues, another one  has a wife on the verge of an affair, and the last one, the Janet Jackson marriage is beyond awful. Her character, which always seemed the somewhat calm one, turns into this raging lunatic who wants a divorce for reasons we never know. All in all, please skip this tragically horrible movie. It's not worth the time!
 I usually enjoy Tyler Perry movies.  This one was just over the top melodrama with no  laughs.  The characters jumping to (wrong)  conclusions and the vindictive, uncontrolled reactions wore thin.  Stick with the first movie.
 one yes people forget what they learned and go back to there old ways. So sometimes they must learn again but the movie was not believable the 2nd time thru and was overplayed quite a bit.  Next the ending of the movie was VERY bad story telling and was not fond of the movie I feel it could have been done much better than it was so that is why I gave it a 2 out of 5  I did like the first movie and would give it 5 stars but when you have a 5 star and deliver a 2 star film that is bad.  shame shame
 I really loved the 1st movie "why did I get married anyway"?  This one was not up to par for me. I usually like all Tyler Perry's movies, but didn't particularly care for this one. I didn't even like the ending.
 Way too sad and depressing.  Not entertaining at all.  Can't believe that this movie has been rated as 4 stars.  The first one was much better.  Hopefully this is the end of the "Why did I get married films.
 Except for cinematography by Vittorio Storaro, this film is way over rated. It is totally homophobic. The entire premise of the reason the protagonist was a Fascist murderer is because he thought he accidentally shot and killed a man who molested, or at least tried to molest him once when he was 13. The man was 6-10 years older. So he became a murderer for Mussolini. WTF? What about all those dozen adult men and women who are shown standing two feet away while a dozen kids his age have his pants pulled down and are molesting him en masse, for who knows how many times. No, that would not make him a murderer. The guy who molested him was not a homosexual. He was a child molester, because the boy was prepubescent, presumably. Later in the film, we see the "homosexual trying to pick up a much older male prostitute. I don't think child molesters evolve to like older people as sexual partners, so this is not true to life. He is also shown to be a total wimp, a stereotype. The protagonist's new wife confesses to having been raped for 6 years by a man 50 years older and says she enjoyed it. She seems as normal as anybody in the film. Talk about a double standard! The director should have followed the golden rule of filmmaking
 The cinematographer John Bailey (American Gigolo, The Big Chill and as good as it gets) was speaking at the LA film school in 2003 and showed clips from the Conformist. I immediately asked him about it. He said that there's a new print at Paramount made by Vitterio Storaro. I have written Paramount and Criterion. Please harass Paramount about it. It's a shame that such a classic and influential has been ignored for so long.
 Having now seen The Conformist again, in "restored form, I've got to say I think it terribly overrated. Just for a start, one thing I find problematic is the equation of repressed or latent homosexuality, if that's what it is, with fascist tendencies, or guilt about some homosexual exeperience (as indicated at the end of the film) with whatever the central character's pathology. But then this is not sufficiently clearly sketched to make any real sense; it's the kind of thing that can only be taken seriously in the context of a particular kind of left-wing European machismo of the 1960s. Otherwise it's nonsense. Perhaps one's not meant to take it as "realism but as "symbolism all the way through the film, but even then it fails to join the dots; certainly, it doesn't work as "realism". Despite some effective scenes (like the final murder), I think that as a whole this movie has a vastly inflated reputation.
 Why the release of this outstanding film to DVD has been so long delayed has been mysterious. Previously the only version available in the USA was an overdubbed VHS. Not that Bertolucci used actors who were all speaking Italian in the scenes, the sound was added post, but it is great that this version has the option of Italian and French. However, this movie is really meant to be seen in original Black and White and this copy is TECHNICOLOR. Wierd. I was wondering why so cheep. Kind of dissappointing for one of my favorite movies of all time.
 Not as spectacular as other reviews led me to believe. I hadn't seen it before, but with comments like "precursor to The Godfather and "one of the 10 best movies I thought I'd give it a try.  It's an OK movie at best.  It has some interesting visuals and unique cinematography, but the story is just not interesting or engaging.  I'm generally very easy to please when it comes to movies, but for the last half hour of this movie I was just waiting for it to end. The cheesy 70s dialog and hammy acting didn't help either.  Sorry, but I really can't recommend it.
 Yes, there is the scene where Omar Sharif makes love to Lesley-Anne Down in the dark, taking advantage of the fact that she does not know that he is not Clouseau.  HOWEVER, in the original film (previously issued on DVD, and now missing), Sharif then sings to Down "Come to Me", which is the set-up to the joke at the end when the real Clouseau sings to her in his own bed, and she comments on his voice, noting in her surprised reaction how different it is from what she heard before.  So, what's the problem with releasing an entire movie on DVD, instead of additional selective edits?  There are certainly no shortage of substandard "director's cuts where we get everything that should have remained on the cutting room floor, but for a modern classic, why do this???  And where's the disclaimer on the box that warns the consumer that they are NOT getting the entire original movie?  With decisions like this, Hollywood deserves every lost nickel of revenue from writer's strikes, actor's strikes, etc.
 DVD only works first 5 minutes, movie scratched. Movie continues to not work even after out threw cleaning machine. Waste of money!
 Seen the first, 2nd would probably be just as boring. They are rated 2 to 3 stars that isn't much and really i didn't find this briliant so the 2nd would get boring too. It is a little bit like scream, but scream is much better. Because the set is stupid on this like at the begginning, she sees the murderer and he sits laughing and it looks a little bit silly. Scream is more serious than this it is more freaky for people and scream is way better.
 The idea of Scary Movie seemed great,but the results aren't so great.Entertaining to say the least,up the story line follows Scream to closely for most of the movie.Some of the humor is funny,but I don't really care to see women with male body parts or male parts in someones ear.
 Similar in spirit to Wayans' cult classic  I'm Gonna Git You Sucka  (which, it should be mentioned, was clearly influenced by the Abrahams-Zucker-Zucker brand of spoof comedy (Airplane!, Naked Gun)), but updated to satisfy the Y2K hunger for low-brow humour.  Despite the numerous moments of hilarity in the film, I found Wayans' exuberant over-reliance on toilet humour to be too tedious.  I, by the way, can't wait for this brand of humour to fade away.  I love low-brow humour as much as the next intellectually-stunted guy, but being crude for the sake of being crude is not the same as being crude for the sake of being funny.  For example, I am bewildered as to why anyone found the flatulence bits funny.  Maybe it could be funny if it was set-up and paid-off in a comedic situation, but flatulence by itself is not funny.  Another example
 Scary movie was a sad attempt to satarize real  scary movies.  In addition to it's predictability, it was filled with bland humor. Oh yes, some parts did make you smile, perhaps even giggle, but over all it was a waste of my $7.00. It's only one of many movies today making an effort to mock popular teen movies. My suggestion, see a real teen movie. Because you know the joke you're in for when you go to see it.
 "Scary Movie, whose script liberally borrows from the first two "Scream flicks, poses the question
 Why spoof a horror movie, any way? Those teen-scream flicks I KNOW WHAT YOU DID... and SCREAM (plus sequels) practically spoof themselves. What can be added by making this flick? Alright, so SCARY MOVIE was funny in some places. And I can appreciate some vulgar humor in the SOUTH PARK vein. But unlike SOUTH PARK, SCARY MOVIE doesn't come off with the same success. SOUTH PARK tries continually to outdo itself, but it pulls it off with a certain level of  class . SCARY MOVIE ultimately fails because it tries to hard. Hence resorting to flashing the male anatomy several times for a chuckle. Please! If you want to do toilet humor, fine, but at least make it funny... something more like Mike Myers drinking  poo  in AUSTIN POWERS, as he says  It's nutty!  and grins.  Shawn Wayans fans will enjoy his performance. It's great stuff, there's just not enough of it. I wouldn't feel bad if you fast-forwarded through the rest.
 This film was a definately different twist to the gross out comedy genre.  I will give the film that, it is different, but comedies like these lack substance and are ultimately pointless.  Scary Movie was sick, and not entirely funny.  The script, the idea, and the concept were not worth putting on film.  It may have raked in some cash, but if the movie industry is not going to care about film quality and greatness, and only about money and box office revenue, the film industry may has well stop making movies all together.  Do not see this movie if you like films that are serious and potentially could be a classic.  I would reccomend this mmovie for any fan of gross out humor.  Trust me there is plenty of it in this film.
 I enjoyed watching this laugh-your-but-off comedy that parodies Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. I loved it from beginning to end; there  was at least three or four laughs A MINUTE! If you love comedies this is  the movie to see. It's better than I expected!
 The scary thing about "Scary Movie is that it is aimed to a strong audience of American (As in America the Continent, not the USA, duh!) teenagers and young adults with no sense of good taste and a preference for toilet humor instead of some good comedy. I'm glad I didn't have to pay from my pocket to see this one.   Call me an antiquarian if so much you want to, but with the sole exception of a few scattered jokes, there is nothing of much appeal in here for anyone with a high self-esteem. (Yes, this movie is THAT bad) The "jokes are all in the classical North American tradition and this is enough to make you think for a second time before venturing in. That's right my good sir, we have everything ranging from fart jokes to gross sex and everything in between. The only thing this movie is capable to do, is to show the importance 90% of North American teens give to sex instead of other, far more important, issues. (Well, the horror movies this movie tried to "spoof already show such given importance, anyway)    The producers, director and screenwriter(s) seem to be unable to spot the difference between the disgusting and the genuinely funny, and knowing that there are people out there who find this funny gives me the creeps. After all, how stupid do you need to be to think that a penis that ejaculates like a hog house is funny?   Case closed.
 This movie was mainly about all the other scary movies of the summer. They combined them and made an r rated comedy. It had lots of nudity and adult  language. They took certian parts out of other movies and put them all  together and got a bunch of garbage that didn't make any sense.  Next  time I will read reviews about movies before I spend my money. They should  give all the money they made to a charity and never try to make another  movie of this sort.
 Here's my problem with  Scary Movie 
 Although this movie is worth a few laughs for ADULTS, it is basically a glorified porno flick and should not be shown to young children. This would seem to be obvious, but in the movie theater I went to see this sub-standard film, there were quite a few idiots there with their young kids (at an R-rated movie? Couldn't you find a sitter?) and the kids seemed confused and disturbed much of the time. Yes, I laughed a couple of times at this movie, but it was not easy with little girls watching the same thing. If you have a young child, especially a little girl, and let them watch this film with four ... scenes and an adult ..., you are a disgusting piece of trash who should be thrown in jail for child abuse. That was my experience with watching this film in a  family  theater.
 First, let me say that this is not my type of humor.  That is my bias.  That being said, Scary Movie is the type of movie that begs and pleads for you to laugh at every given moment.  It almost looks like the actors just pause for an instant and wait for you to burst out into tear-filled hysteria. The movie is what it is.  There's no point in saying this movie isn't intelligent-that wasn't the goal here.  If you like sight-gags and parody driven plots - then rejoice because this is your movie!
 Another Tom Cruise 'slice of life' film in which he plays a budding bartender. You can't go very far with that synopsis. All budding bartenders eventually realize there's more to life. This is like the characters from  Midnight Cowboy  with credit cards.
 Viewed
 The movie itself is great. I'm a big fan of Fast and Furious movies... For this item (both theatrical and extended versions), I noticed that at one part of the movie (where Dom & Bryan are having conversation that they will do the final job and disappear forever), the film stopped at the part of Dom's line "...forever with no sound and continued again.
 I ordered and received the blu ray on time but it would not play. It kept freezing up and one time it stopped and returned to the main menu on it's on. I contacted Amazon and they promptly returned my money including shipping and even provide a return lapel at their expense. I was not happy with the disc but I am very pleased as to how I was treated by Amazon and I continue to purchase from them. I just wish that everyone treated their customers with the same level of customer satisfaction that Amazon does. They are a very reputable site and I am very pleased with them. I shop their site all of the time and just recently bought Richy Rich and two car alarm remotes and they were top notch products.
 I don't know why so many people like this movie.Sure it had cool cars but that alone doesn't make it a good movie.I thought it was boring.I usually like Dwayne Johnson but I just didn't like him in this movie.I didn't really care for any of the characters except for Han.He's the only reason I gave this movie 2 stars instead of 1.Maybe If I was a guy or if I was into racing,I would've like it better.This movie was to long and I was glad when it was over.
 It was an entertaining movie and I'd watch it again, because of the action.  I found the dialog to be a bit corny and some of the behavior unnecessary (you found the hideout and they're on satellite.  Is it necessary to be fly'n thru the streets and bouncing around in your armored cars to get to their location?)
 Worst out of the "Fast franchise. Outrageously unrealistic. The whole thing was ridiculous. Would not waste my time on this.
 This film is a great example of why discriminating movie buffs could care less if hollywood fell off a cliff. There is absolutely NO TALENT in screen writing these days. These folks seem to think that all we need is a lot of BS stunts and CGI effects and we'll just drop to our knees in praise of them. As one other reviewer clearly observed, the stunts and some of the story line were SO ridiculus until it made the whole story unbelievable and utterly unrealistic. When I'm watching a supposedly non-fiction movie the one thing I absolutely can not stand is to have my intelligence insulted!  This movie does this hands down, so much so until it should receive an honor for its efforts.  In my opinion, Rock, Vin and Tyrese gave the best acting efforts...very matured and natural acting skills. I really like Paul Walker but he should take more acting classes because a lot of his lines sound too artificial...sounds like he forces his delivery too much.  Their ridiculus stunts were too much for me, they borrowed scenes from Clear and Present Danger (the ambush that killed all of Rock's men but curiously kept him alive eventhough he was in the middle of the street with NO protection against rapid gun fire), and, to me, borrowed too much from the Ocean's 11 & 12 themes (with the crew of 7 or 8 guys that all had different specialties, tired). The two Challengers that pulled a bank vault at high speed down the highway was just stupid...no snapped cabled, no rear ends being jerked out, not to mention the overwhelming effect the massive vault-weight would have had on the cars themselves.  It just got dumb at that point.  It was amazing to see that Brazil had Dodge police cars like America...I really didn't know that. I also thought it strange that a DEA task force of 4 or 5 men could come into another country and operate all willy-nilly without ANY cooperation with the hosting country other than one "translator that ends up being Vin's love interest at the end credits. I'd like to see some other country come into America and try that!  Anyway, glad I didn't reward hollywood with a box office receipt for this (this is the main reason I don't spend money at the theatres today). There's worst entertainment for sure, but really disappointing for supposedly a solid franchise, and the fact that this movie took in over $640 million worldwide. What does that say about our moviegoers today?!?!  One last thing, fire the director from future projects for putting crap like this out!  Thanks!
 i have quite a few blurays and hddvd's and they are all uniform height. i have adjusted the shelves to fit them. So i order this bluray and it comes in a FULL SIZE CASE that now will now fit on my shelf. NOT COOL, very dissapointed.
 I'm on the same boat as J.G. I REALLY wanted to like this movie. I am a huge fan of the series having bought the DVDs and the Blurays for all 4 (so far) so I Was really looking forward to this. Throughout the movie there were a lot of suspension of disbelief (as you should) in any movie. Mainly on what cars can and can't do but there are some things that go to far.  If it would have been in the context of fantasy (Harry potter casting a spell and a giant magical elephant pulls the safe out the window, or Yoda uses the force and pulls it out) Then YES by all means I can be like "oh well it's a movie. The force is strong within him". However, when it's 2 real cars pulling a real safe out of a wall I just can't swallow it. I really ruined the movie for me and should for anyone that's ever watched Mythbusters. More than likely they would have just sat there spinning their wheels until their tires exploded or the cable would have snapped.
 Yes its a small issue, but when you buy a Blu Ray it should come in a blu ray case.  All I have are blu rays on my shelf and this one doesn't fit.  Needs to be the little blue jeweled case like all other blu rays.
 This part of the Fast and Furious franchise was the worst of them all to me. Some people may think diferentely about it but I thought it was horrible and too long and drawn out. Hang it up guys.
 I purchased this product because the title of the product advertised "... + Digital Copy in DVD Packaging I was extremely upset and dissapointed when I found that the digital download code had expired and is not redeemable. Misleading Advertisement!!
 pretty darn un realsitic  kinda a cowboy movie with cars  painfully predictable  so un realistic it hurts
 Spoiler!  So just like in any other fast and the furious movies they have stunts and what not that you know a car wouldn't hold up, and wouldn't be drivable after it happen. But the were on the border line believable which made it awesome. Just did some of that movie magic stuff just like in any other movie. In this furious movie it was different. it was good from the start wasn't great just good. Had the normal stunts type stuff cool story line, and seem to have a twist to it different from the other movies, but then there was the last seen. The last stunt. It just totally ruined the whole movie or me.  In the movie the say it's a 10 ton safe or some outrageous number. That's 20,000lbs. Also it's concreted into the wall of a building so it might as well be 100 tons. A peterbuilt semi might be able to get it to move, maybe just maybe, but 2 dodge chargers with hemis are not even going to budge it. I doubt the differential would even hold up, also you would need something a lot heavier then a 2 ton car, a couple of muscle cars doesn't even come close to having enough torque/horsepower/weight to move it. No matter what engine mods you did to it, even if they were four wheel drive it still wouldn't have enough grip, power, strength to move it. A dodge truck with the 5.9 cummins in it wouldn't even have enough, and that makes more torque then the chargers could ever even think about.  I understood it was a movie also the other movie had "fake stuff in it just like any movie does, but they made it seem like it could possibly happen, but when they had those 10 ton safes were whipping around on the road like they were ten cans that was just stupid. Defies all laws of physics period. I probably won't even buy the movie even though I own all the other ones.  Now saying the stunt could happen. Say they did pull the safes out of the wall with a couple of dodge chargers.  For anyone who has towed anything that weighs more then what the vehicle towing it weighs. The trailer normally ends up controlling your car and you not controlling your vehicle. It'll pull you all over the road and everything else. Unless you just got like five miles an hour to your destination. Now these cars are just whipping these 20 ton safes around like they are tin cans, and it doesn't even come close to pulling their car in a direction they don't want it to.  The whole thing was just bogus and ruined the whole fast and the furious movie for me...  Now if you can get over the fact of simple physics, and don't look too much into that then you would probably like the movie.
 **1/2  "Fast Five, so named because it is the fifth entry in the highly lucrative "Fast and Furious franchise, finds our intrepid band of car-racing criminals, played by Vin Diesel , Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster, masterminding a heist against a South American crime lord played by Joaquim de Almeida .  Wayne Johnson joins the cast as an American Secret Service agent hot on the trio's trail.  Replete with wafer-thin characters, corny one-liners, substandard acting and muddled moral messaging, the movie culminates in a spectacular, though really rather ludicrous, car chase through the streets of Rio de Janeiro.  Strictly for aficionados of vroom-vroom storytelling.
 Movie was absolutely good. But I was very disappointed to find out it was a rental and it did not permit me enjoy the extras (features or bonus). I will surely read betternext time. I felt cheated.
 If you've spent years yearning to see a woman masturbate to the images of spooky 3-D clowns while sitting in a pool of her own urine, then, brother, Frightworld is your perverted dream come true.  For the rest of us, Frightworld is - at best - 103 minutes of pure cinematic torture.  It's a pity because the film does have a unique hook - it was filmed in Buffalo at Eerie Production's Frightworld, "a dark ride amusement featuring five different haunted houses, live costumed actors and state of the art special lighting and sound effects.  Having access to one of the country's most popular haunted attractions obviously helped the filmmakers out budget-wise, but I don't think the scares of "Frightworld the Amusement transfer over very well to film.  I found the abundance of visual effects (flashing sequences of images, strobing lights, etc.) more annoying than anything else, but at least now I better understand why the film was shot in this manner.  Speaking of annoyances, there's the loud heavy metal soundtrack that, on a number of occasions, drowned out some of the film's dialogue.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, though, as said dialogue is so bad that I couldn't help but wince at some of the characters' lines, especially early on when the cast apparently set out to break the Guinness world record for the most lame sexual innuendoes crammed into a single scene.  What about the gore, you ask?  There's definitely plenty of blood and gore to go around, I'll grant you that, but I didn't find it exceedingly realistic (especially when it came in the form of extended minutes of flashing images).  After a bloody introduction to Verden Fell (Gary Marzolf), a serial killer of 29 victims cut down in the prime of his murderous life, we join Jack (Andrew Roth) and a group of his exceedingly non-conformist friends in the warehouse holding all of the goodies from the famed Frightworld amusement park of yesteryear (which just so happens to be the location where Verden Fell died).  Jack is set to reopen the place in a couple of weeks, and we are among the first to endure his grand tour of the environs.  Of course, these crazy kids can't go too long without stopping to get drunk, smoke the biggest doobies on the planet, and - of course - pair off in couples to fornicate.  By this point, you're halfway through this overly long movie and - if you're like me - seriously considering pulling all of your hair out, downing a bottle of drain cleaner, and running stark naked out into the night in the grips of utter madness.  Finally, and not a moment too soon, the killing begins, and the movie actually becomes almost watchable.  I found a number of the murders somewhat confusing, though.  When I clearly see X kill Y, I can't help but be confused when the body, when discovered, ends up being that of X rather than Y.  On top of that, I know there's some sort of soul transference thing going on, but that's just one of many aspects of this film that doesn't work very well at all, in my opinion.  It's difficult to figure out which is worse
 Viewers beware, this is just a bad imitation from the original Korean blockbuster - "Old Boy".
 yeah, yeah, yeah we know this is the big Hollywood version..but you have to see the original Playhouse 90 version, with Cliff Robertson and Piper Laurie!! its available on VHS (I have it) and 10 times better than this retread....Piper Laurie was incredible...CLiff Robertson says that when he lost the film version to Lemmon, Lemmon said "I didn't think you'd be able to play comedy"...to which Robertson replied; "I didn't think 'Days of Wine & Roses' was a comedy"..it's all there in the supplemental material on the VHS....see it instead of this version!!
 When playing the DVD the voices were nearly inaudible. I had to turn the volume to maximum and even then it was difficult to understand the words in quite a few places.  Guests watching the DVD agreed that the problem was significant.
 I'm sorry but despite some brilliant acting performances from Hopkins and Thompson this has got to be one of the most BORING movies I've ever tried to sit through. Don't be fooled by artsy film snobs, this one is a snoozer. And oh by the way, the tenacious "loyalty, devotion and integrity of Hopkins character that so many critics think is the cornerstone of the film, is in my opinion, distracting and ridiculous.
 "2-Headed Shark Attack is the latest ridiculous sea monster flick from The Asylum. Before you can even get to the film there's an intro from The Asylum bragging how they have done over 100 of these cheesy disaster films so far, and the beauty is that if you've seen one you pretty much know what's going to happen in any of the others
 There are good cheesy movies that are so bad, they're fun to watch and then there are cheesy movies that are just bad.  2-HEADED SHARK ATTACK falls in-between. Carmen Electra as a doctor?  Charlie O'Connell as a marine biologist?  Yeah, totally believable---LOL. We have a slew of college students with huge boobs or six-pack abs stranded on an atoll stalked by the hilarious two-headed shark.  The cast is awful; the effects are terrible; and the direction uninspired and inept.  The Asylum boasts a catalogue of 100 films, most of them easily forgettable. There are a few laughs and the ladies are some of the worst screamers committed to celluloid.  Rent don't buy!!
 Bad special effects, a shark with two heads which both manage to roar while underwater, poor acting, dumb dialogue and delivery of it, and more!  All very silly but worth a cheap rental just to make fun of it.
 This is the tragic tale of an upset hungry shark who is a mastermind misunderstood genius, and had several powers.  The first power was how it would constantly chomp two people at once, and the two people were always the perfect distance apart to line up beautifully with each mouth.  Cosmic synchronicity, or an example of pure shark predatory genius?  We know the true answer.  Next, the shark was able to change size immediately.  It would smash an entire boat in its jaws (actually it causes a whole island to sink by crashing its head into the underwater land-part and biting biting biting it), then five seconds later it was sneaking up on people standing in three feet of water.  Obviously it had the secret power to grow and shrink itself, and also the skill of teleporting.  Then, the shark could also regenerate, because when it lost one of its heads - the left one - it would miraculously grow it back while the right head went away.  It kept switching missing heads, because reptiles do that, and sharks and reptiles are the same.  It was also attracted to electricity from big engines because electricity made it mad, but it always managed to go out of its way to chew on people.  Hm.  Hey wait a sec.  I guess the island must have had a crazy invisible electrical charge because the shark was very very angry at the island and kept attacking it when it had nothing else to do.  The shark bit a guy's leg off, flipped his body into the air with its tail, then launched out of the water to grasp him cleverly in both jaws and rip him apart.  I wanted to give the shark 10 out of 10 for gorgeous synchronized chomping.  Next, the shark hid inside a tsunami and flooded the island before and after making the island sink.  The coeds all hid in a floating church that suddenly appeared.  At one point a dude was hitting the shark in the head(s) with a wooden cross that fell off the wall, then they tried to explode it with a plastic barrel and stab it in the eye by going to the blind spot between its heads.  But neither worked because the shark is too tricky and smart for silly humans.  No explanation for how or why it had two heads, which was the most pressing unanswered question, because that was clearly the root of all its issues and unhappiness.  When it finally died by biting the engine of another annoying electric boat engine, which caused it to explode, there was a sense of injustice and loss that will take months to recover from.  And no answers, now or ever.  The "stars were Carmen Electra's halter top and a series of well-filled-out bikinis, plus Jerry O'Connell's brother.  But we all know the true star
 If you only care for seeing hot girls in their bikinis - this is your movie! That's the only reason why I gave it 2 stars instead of one. I have never seen such a movie have so many girls in bikinis all throughout the movie.  The movie itself is horrible made. The shark is a joke. The story is really bad. The CGI is horrible. But, the extras and actors they used were hot!!!!  The shark is mostly CGI, but it is done really bad. You won't believe it at all. And, then when it comes up to attack it's a badly made puppet.  The worse acting I have every seen! The acting is so bad, I hated see and hearing them talk. You won't believe anything they say. They sound like they are reading every line just before they shot every scene they did.  --Spolier Alert--  The story really doesn't make much sense at the end. The shark is in the wining situation and everyone should had died based on how they set up their storyline up to that point. The last group of people about 6 people were left. They have no why to get off the island. The island is sinking fast. The shark will kill them once they go underwater.  But, now suddenly, when it came down to the last group of people, the island isn't sinking as fast as before. They somehow find a cabin half sunk and they run inside. Three of the 6 members don't make it, where they died and the other 3 escape outside the cabin.  Now they are just in the middle of the island and it's still have sunk. They suddenly have a gas barrel flow by them and surprise their still a lot of gas inside. Now, all they have to do is set up a trap and have the shark take the barrel and make it light up and blow up. Well, somehow it doesn't go that way and the main star, she still lived by fighting it off??? Not possible because she was just in the middle of the shark's  two heads hacking at it with a stick! What??? The other girls had a gun and she still didn't live? What luck?  Then, the main star gets away and the shark actually eats the barrel and it blow up without any light or fire at all underwater too. But only one head blew up. Then, the last two people makes the shark go after a boat and the shark bites the boat propellers and the whole thing just blows up??? Why??? The gas barrel was gone. Just bitting the propellers wouldn't make the boat blow up because the shark did that to so many other boats before, but this boat must be one crazy boat because this time, it blew up.  The movie makes no sense!!! Don't buy or watch this thing!
 *Spoilers*  In the opening scene this 2-headed CGI shark swallows two girls whole. Then later in the film it attacks a group of kids in about three to four feet of water!?!? It seemed to drastically change sizes throughout this awful, albeit humorous film.  I think the moment that made me laugh hysterically is when the kids' teacher scratches his leg, falls down on the ground and screams like a 3 year old little girl. I also like the fact that their ship is sinking and the one left in charge (Carmen Electra) decides the best course of action is to sun bathe.  Awful CGI, horrible wooden acting from a cast that I couldn't wait to see as shark chum and an incredibly stupid plot, (with MANY plot holes) kills this one almost from the start.
 FIRST OFF I LOVE BROOKE HOGAN...BUT MY DAUGHTER IS IN LOVE WITH SHARK MOVIES SOO I WAS LIKE WE HAVE TO GET THIS FOR HER... SHE IS 5 AND EVEN SHE HATED IT .. I HAVE TO SAY THE BOOBS IN THIS MOVIE AND THE GRLS KISSING WAS A LIL TOO MUCH FOR MY KID BUT ALL IN ALL SHE LOVED THE SHARK BUT THAT WAS IT THE MOVIE IN SOME SCENES HAD CARTOONISH QUALITY. I LOVE THE FACT THAT BROOKE HOGAN LOOKS BORED THROUGH THE WHOLE MOVIE AND ALOT BITCHY..LOL.. IM GLAD SHE DIDNT DIE BUT PLEASE DONT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH THIS MOVIE OR EVEN YOURSELF... IT TOOK 2 HOURS OUT OF MY LIFE...
 Let me be clear by this proclamation. I am a true-blue dyed in the wool science fiction fan, and Alphaville is among many top 100 lists as the best in this genre. The annals of Sci-Fi have decreed this movie a classic and pretty much required viewing for us SF fans. I get that this is a film steeped heavily into the 1960's New Wave movement in French cinema.I get this is a Godard film. I get the film's allegory, imagery, impressionism, underlying message and I even get some of the literal and cinematic references peppered in the film. However in my eyes, in the way I see and enjoy films, Alphaville is pretty weak.  This movie is more of an avantgarde art house film instead of a science fiction movie. Now please understand I am not speaking for the art house enthusiasts or cinema intellectual who can appreciate this film for many, many underlying themes and subtle undertones. I am speaking for the general science fiction genre fan and am writing this review for you. The first thing you need to consider is Jean-Luc Godard is not your standard film director. His films were all about defying the convention of his day. Many of his films focused on the existentialism of social issues. Alphaville follows the same agenda. Only this time using a classic noir theme placed in a futuristic setting. For a Fci-Fi literalist (if you accept such a thing) like me these things aren't enough and must be combined with something more. This is where I feel Alphaville lacks.  When I say the film is futuristic this only refers in the very basic of levels. Alphaville has no futuristic sets or settings and has hardly any discernible futuristic technology. The city of Alphaville is simply Paris and all the devices are modern day items of the era. Our hero Lemmy Caution (Eddie Constantine) goes around taking pictures with an Instamatic camera and fights with a Colt automatic pistol. Vehicles and events of the time are called out by name as if they are part of the future with no explanation. On this level the whole movie has this vibe like the adults are pretending it's the future when it's not. Like kids would do in a neighborhood outing pretending to be space cadets. Much of the film's dialog was improvised, as is Godard's standard practice. This also lends to that feel of the actors pretending to be in Alphaville. All of this pretense of course is intentional as Godard was only using the veil of a futuristic society as a means to illustrate his social commentary on today's society. However for a sci-fi fan like me it's a bit grating to see such an utter lack of consistency with the world Godard claims to create.  The next limitation to me is the story itself. Dystopic societies abound in science fiction, and while Godard's example is quite interesting on paper the execution feels heavy handed. Alphaville is a society controlled by a master computer that criminalizes concepts of individuality, and in turn art, poetry and emotion. The inhabitants are practically brainwashed. Lemmy is tasked to find the creator of that computer and later incapacitate said computer. Later it is learned that brainwashed individuals leave for other civilizations to incite revolts discourse. Lemmy ends up stopping the computer using it's own logic against it (sorry for the spoiler). All this sounds pretty cool until you see how it's executed. Most of the information I just said comes from what feels like casual dialog. This applies to both major plot points and and tertiary dialog throughout the film that is intended to give you a taste of the world of Alphaville.  The way the movie moves doesn't help either. Many scenes change with the pacing of someone moving from one room to the next. At least that's what it feels like. You're just placed in a scene with very little setup. Then there are the odd little instances that seem to just come out. Lemmy would get attacked out of nowhere and as quick as the attack comes he shoots them dead and then walks off casually as if the dead guys just asked him for a cigarette. There is the execution scene where people give their last proclamation while standing on a diving board, get killed via firing squad, then have synchronized swimmers collect the body. Then there is what I call the Eternity perfume commercial scene where Lemmy and his love interest Natacha (Anna Karina) wax poetic on existentialism. You get scenes like these that not only break what little flow the film has, but do so with little rhyme or reason other than to be one of Godard's cinematic "gotchas defying convention and linking underlying metaphor (even at the bemusement of a coherent script).  Continuity also irks me in Alphaville. Since we are talking about actors "pretending it's the future apparently going from one galaxy to another means getting in your car and driving the expressway. There is even a driving scene where, according to the events of the film, there should be no other cars out. I can forgive this movie's filming mistakes like seeing film crew in full view of the camera, but Godard could have at least tried to make his environment consistent with his script.  Music is the connection a film makes to your emotions. A good score will enhance the feeling and vibe of a scene to such a degree that makes the movie all the more memorable. You don't get that here. Instead composer Paul Misraki opted for capitalizing on a single musical effect that was used in detective noir and thrillers as a means to inspire suspense. Only Misraki uses this effect all the freakin' time. It's essentially the only music you hear in the entire film. I am assuming this is intentional as a means to go over the top musically. Intentional or not it's as much boring as it is annoying.  Now in all of this criticism I cannot deny some of the interesting cinematography I find in some of the scenes like the extended camera shot in the beginning of the film. Nor can I deny the excellent use of shading and composition in one of the scenes I previously ridiculed. I also will not deny being intrigued by so many literary references planted in the film. These things are also Godard's trademarks and he does them well. Unfortunately this is not enough for me to call this good science fiction.  This Criterion release looks as good as I would bet you could find anywhere for this film. I do notice visually the film doesn't look pristine, but I am assuming this is due to the source material and not Criterion's efforts. Audio is in French with English subtitles and for a monophonic track is clear with very little distortion. I would have liked to have experienced an English dub on this film and wonder if the translated track may have helped the flow of some of that dialog. There isn't any extra features on this disk, but there are liner notes that give you a good deal more than your standard insert.  Interestingly enough I will bet many of you would chide me regarding my remarks reminding me Alphaville wasn't intended to be good science fiction, and that much of the heavy handedness, pseudo Sci-Fi and awkward scenes I mentioned were all intentional and should be regarded as a quality instead of a shortcoming. But keep in mind this review is based on viewing this film from the standpoint of viewing science fiction cinema, as it is represented an accepted as such. As a fan of Sci-Fi to other fans of Sci-Fi I have to say watch this movie with a hefty grain of salt. Also you need to go into this film with a very open mind and look beyond the aesthetics and even story to get what many critics and lovers of this film find in it. Even then you will not find a very good Sci-Fi film.
 This French snooze- fest from 1965 and acclaimed director Jean-Luc Godard is baffling to say the least.  Evidently, Godard meant this to be a spoof of many of the sci-fi/spy movies of the time.  Our lead Lemmy Caution - there's a giveaway - is played by dog ugly actor Eddie Constantine.  Somehow Lemmy attracts young lovelies and thugs trying to kill him with the same ease.  What's going on?  The world of Alphaville is an off-world...uh...world that you can drive to even if it's not our world, or something like that.  This film is a Criterion release which suggests it has historical significance.  It also is praised by critics.  I just couldn't stay awake and don't understand what all the fuss is about.
 I rented this movie and thought my TV was not working because the color was all faded and I turned the knobs and the dials but I still could not get the color to work.  So I think this movie has real bad color.  At any rate it has a guy named Lemmy who says, "Lemme tell you this and lemme tell you that! and he was always telling me things even when his lips were not moving.  And then he meets a pretty girl but she just kind of walks around in the movie really bored until Mister Lemmy says, "Lemme introduce you to the director.  He is French!  And then Lemmy talks to a light bulb.  A really big light bulb.  And the light bulb talks back.  Well Lemmy tell you this!  One star for the pretty girl.  One star for the talking light bulb.  But zero stars for the color.
 This old TV special is made up from 10 cartoons, using only about 3 minutes of that cartoon.  It would have gotten 5 stars if the cartoons were complete.  For some unexplained reason the Easter Bunny calls Granny to tell her that he is sick & unable to distribute Easter Eggs.  Granny thinks Bugs Bunny would be a good substitute, so she goes down to the Warner Brothers Studio where Bugs is filming 3 minute segments to complete his cartoons.  Here she must sit through the various filmings & screenings of Looney Tunes Cartoon segments to try to talk to Bugs. The new animation is pretty poor & Mel's vocal work is weak (well he is older).  It is hard to realize that this poor material was produced & directed by veteran Looney Toonists FRIZ FRELENG & BOB McKIMSON.  Oh, and since this was for the kiddies, all gunshots by Elmer Fudd have been edited out of the TV Special. (NOT by Warner for the DVD.)  Cartoon clips used from
 Wow.  Three previous reviews... all 5 stars.  Hmmm.  One reveiwer was in it, and one knows one of the people in it.  Can't blame them for wanting the best, but....    Well, it isn't quite that good.  Now it's no where near as bad as some of the indie zombie flicks that have come out lately, but we have a long way to go before we hit "great territory.    It's a nice premise, a cautionary tale about cloning and religion and war.  But even allowing for the lack of budget and experience in the cast and crew, there are a few things which really hampered my enjoyment of the film.    First, there is more stock footage used here (mostly of war) then in any movie outside of Ed Wood's collection.  The movie is only a little over an hour long, and literally a good quarter of that is stock footage.    Then there are the action scenes.  Especially for the first 2/3's of the film, whenever someone is attacked by one of the zombie/clones, the footage rapidly (and I do mean rapidly) jumps between different shots.  The cuts are so jarring that it is nearly impossible to get a sense of what is happening.  Afterwards, the characters will say something like "Stevie was dragged into the woods!  Well I'm glad they told me that, because I sure didn't see it.  Maybe it was done because it's very hard to make a fight scene look realistic, and this effect would cover it up.  Or maybe they just thought it looked cool.  I didn't.    Finally, with about 15 minutes left, the movie switches to a silent movie format.  No dialogue, just people occasionally mouthing words while caption cards appear and distorted music plays.  Why?  I don't know.  It's a seemingly random ploy that comes out of nowhere.    But at least this movie ... tries.  Unlike certain other low budget recent releases which I won't name(cough cough "Zombiez cough "Corpses are Forever cough).  If it didn't try to be so quirky and arbitrary in it's presentation, I might have gone up as high as 3 1/2 stars.  Give it a look if you like, just don't expect 5 stars.
 not much action nor history but marginally better than their other films...Another day at an reenactment..except your feet don't hurt after..
 Have many blu-rays.  Lots of concerts.  A lot of hype has been written about this blu-ray concert, so I bought it without hesitation.  Now about 2 years later, I have watched it ONCE.  Boring.  Boring.  Try renting it.  Not for everyone.
 This tape is good and we all love the songs but the tape is only 15 minutes long...kind of a dud really.... thank you...
 This is an absolutely terrible movie, but well worth having in the collection if only to see Jack Nicholson slim and with hair and young. Made in 5 days, yes only 5 days, on the sets used for The Raven, this is one of the best bad films ever made, and as such is hugely enjoyable. Consider it as part of Corman's Edgar Allen Poe series and you will know what you are getting.It's quite short too.....
 Not the actual movie I was looking for, but an ok 70s flick. It was a good 'B' flick. Seemed drawn out though.
 Why is this a pick for some film festivals?  Looking for something different, and not much available I suppose.  Starts off being overly salacious. Keeps a bit of that throughout.  The directing is herky, jerky and not very real.  Characters are similar.  Acting is poor at best.  Story is a bit off kilter and perhaps the only redeeming quality.  But so much of the basic interaction is wholly unbelievable.  Quality of video at least as a streaming Amazon  movie is poor.  Kept wanting to like it, but never could.  Cliched and no real redeeming value, no intrigue, no real reason to watch it.  Don't waste your time, better stuff is out there.
 The third installment of the popular  Beverly Hills Cop  series is like a distant relative who comes to stay with you. At first, you're glad to see them and catch up on old times, but they sure wear out their  welcome fast. This film reaches that point after about fifteen  minutes. Eddie Murphy is back as Alex Foley, the increasingly improbable  fish-out-of-water detective from Detroit. Once again, Axel is doing battle  with the law enforcement establishment, the Beverly Hills Police  Department, and the Bad Guys who killed his friend. Sound familiar? Even  Serge (Bronson Pinchot) is back, in a desperate, painful scene that seems  to go on forever. The direction, by veteran Murphy helmer John Landis, is  acceptable, showing Landis' usual flair for pacing and stunts. The  screenplay by the usually reliable Steven deSouza, though, is woefully  half-baked. It is never clear what the tone of the picture is supposed to  be. The action scenes are very off-hand and frequently played for laughs,  while the comedy scenes are forced and unfunny. The story never builds the  sense of jeopardy and conflict that is essential to a film of this type. It  is neither a laugh riot, nor is it even remotely suspenseful. Also, any  film that makes Hector Elizondo--one of the best character actors  around--look bad has some serious problems. There are two good things  about  Cop III.  One is an excellent action sequence set on an  amusement park Ferris wheel. That is the only exciting part of the film.  The other thing I liked was the series of cameos by a variety of famous  film directors (like George Lucas), a typical Landis gag. It at least gives  you something to look for in some pretty boring scenes.
 Beverly Hills Cop needed no introduction. It was one of the best action comedies of 1984. It helped usher Eddie Murphy into the mainstream and reigned supreme 1984. Beverly Hills Cop II was pretty good. A little over the top but still fun. It complimented Tony Scott's style of film-making and it also captured the essense of the 80s. This monstrosity is instantly forgettable from start to finish.  A bust goes horribly wrong and Inspector Todd(Gilbert R Hill) is killed. Axel(Eddie Murphy) traces the killer known as Ellis De Wald(Timothy Carhart) to a cheesy Disney knock-off called Wonderworld where Ellis De Wald is the supervisor.  Where do I start first? Axel Foley doesnt even feel like Axel Foley(kind of like how Big Top Pee Wee is different from the Pee Wee of Big Adventure). Eddie spends the whole movie looking like he cant grasp what his character is supposed to be. Gone is the tenacious but silly cop that annoyed his target. He is replaced by a guy who is so laid back in his demeanor that he gets boring to watch after a while.  The only returning characters are Inspector Todd(but he gets killed in the beginning) and Rosewood(Judge Reinhold). Taggart is gone and so is Sgt. Bogomil. That was the tipoff that this movie was DOA.  The first two BHC movies had pretty good villians considering the time period. Victor Maitland and The Alphabet Killer were good villians but Ellis De Wald is awful. No disrespect towards Timothy Carhart but he was pretty hammy and his mater plan was weak and showed laziness on behalf of the writers. Using an amusement park to make counterfeit cash? How lame is that.  The movie is rarely funny and bringing back Serge(Bronson Pinochet) was a cheap attempt to make us remember the first interaction that Serge and Axel Foley had in the first movie. There is one redeeming moment in this movie
 Beverly Hills Cop III is the worst in what was a promosing action comedy franchise. Murphy was in a carrer slump and I guess he made this film to help out his carrer but it didn't help just sunk it deeper. The film is full of mistakes such as the loss of Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckhiemer a weak script and a lack of action. John Landos who worked with Murphy before and made good films fails here. The film needed a good action director like Renny Harlin,Dwight H. Little or even Karthyn Bigelow who were all at the top of their game back in 94. Skip this one even if you're a die hard Murphy fan.
 Beverly Hills Cop III is the last installment in an awesome trilogy where nonstop laughter and action occurs. The first 2 are classics and the original is especially a definite must see.  But, this one isn't at all as good as the first two. But....  THe movie is fairly descent with some ok action and funny moments but there aren't enough funny moments and the action is cheesy. Plus the whole movie basically takes place in a theme park. Yeah, a place like Disneyland called Wonderworld. So, I was sitting down, listening to some stupid theme song go off every second. I was about to rip my hair out. I mean, it was annoying. Also, R rated movies shouldn't take place in a theme park! It just seemed too babyish. On top of it, it's just such a dissapointment to me because the first 2 were classic and this one was a horrible end to the trilogy. If you watch this without watching the first 2, you'll like it better than me. And for those of you giving it 4 or 5 stars, come on! THe Wonderworld setting alone screwed it over!  Watch the first 2 and act like this doesn't even exist because even though it isn't the worst movie ever, it is a horrid end to the trilogy and an affront to the first two.
 Forgive me for using part of my review for the original film to explain my rating  for the sequels. "When Eddie Murphy took the world by storm, he was pretty much able to do whatever he wanted in movies. After a few extremely funny films, Eddie took a shot at the action genre and while the Beverly Hills Cop series does succeed on some levels, it falls short because Eddie just isn't that good of a serious actor.  This film may seems familiar, almost 48 hours-ish, but with nowhere near the wit. Part three isn't all that bad, but considering the first two films weren't great to begin with, this film seems pretty unnecessary. I like the theme park location, but it isn't used to it's advantages. If you're expecting LOL funny Murphy, then this is going to disappoint you. Eddie looks like a kid playing cops and robbers in these films and while they are not meant to be taken completely seriously, they are played serious enough that we must believe Murphy is this character, which we do not! While I didn't find this film to be a complete waste of time, I didn't find it all that memorable either.
 Murphy returns as Axel Foley, yet again, in the third installment of the popular series. As often the case by the third movie, this series has lost pretty much all its steam. Foley is no longer that funny, (in fact, at times, he is uncharacteristicly angry), major players like John Ashton, Ronny Cox, and Paul Reiser are gone, and that cool feel to Foley's presence is all but gone. This time, Axel's boss in Detriot bites the bullet meaning no silly excuse for leaving town or crazy schemes to cover up the fact that he's gone. Hell, he doesn't even use some clever idea to get into the park for free like he did before, he just whines about ticket prices and comes back to pay. Terrible. This character just isn't the same as he once was. There are a few fun moments here and there but Beverly Hills Cop III. is definetly the very least of the series.
 If you are well versed in scripture and possess Wisdom and Knowledge, you will not be pleased with this movie.  The knowledge offered in this movie is watered down with doubts. There is no hard hitting truth, and the outcome is unrealistic. Look else where for truth to build on. This is not a resource for the watch of Him who comes like a thief in the night. I would say that this movie deserves 2 stars.
 This one is about a group of surviving Kryptonians, living in the flying Argo City and one of them happens to be Superman's cousin! The thing that really dissappointed me about this one was the horrid story. The idea of  Supergirl coming to earth in pursuit of a magic Kryptonian device only to  get in a ridiculous love triangle between a gardener and nutty witch is  pretty dumb for a superhero film. While Supergirl does have some okay  moments, the conjured up monsters and the sfx for them were blurry and  difficult to understand. Also, the inclusion of Jimmy Olsen, while  interesting, doesn't seem to fit in anywhere.Lucy Lane was a good idea  though. Overall I was dissappointed by this movie, but the only reason I  gave it 2 stars was because of Helen Slater's one of a kind portrayal of  Supergirl. Watch it, but don't expect to see a super-movie.
 I watched this film because of the many glowing reviews of it which you can find here.  Micheal Caine does a fine job portraying the relentless Jack Carter.  He is very steely and cool, and brutal, and manipulative.  Unfortunately, the film takes a very long time to get mildly interesting, and none of the characters are very likeable.  I found it hard to believe Jack Carter's motive.  Why would a man like him even care about his own brother?  The film evokes one or two gasps, but no cheers.  It is a seedy and ugly cloud, with no silver lining.  Edgy as this film is, it would have been more interesting to me if Carter had gotten away with it.  But then the film might have caused a moral outrage.  So, instead, the screenwriters have Carter make a stupid fatal mistake.  Sigh.  Great as Caine is, he can't save this picture from the distasteful and unromantic world it _slowly_ portrays.
 MY RATING- 6.3 This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine. The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music! However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers first season star Ian Hendry. Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
 This is one of those even-less-than-low low budget films of the late seventies.  It's just your typical sorority house boob-fest with a lot of unknown actresses and actors.  The only familiar actor I've seen in this film was Danny Bonaduce (from The Partridge Family).  Lots of topless nudity, adding hope to all that atrocious bad acting from every character.  But still, I'd never miss a cheesy, campy, ditzy girls-gone-wild eye-candy film to kill some time on my weekends while having a few beers.  It's up there (well, maybe down there) with Pom Pom Girls, The Van, and the such for typical low budget politically incorrect "babe fests".
 I so wanted this movie to be great.  Or even good.  But it's neither.  In fact, it borders on being down right bad.  Stiff acting, tired premise, laughable special effects.  I give it two and a half stars, though, because it did magage to hold my interest.
 The Cardinal has one of the great soundtracks of any film of this size/length, and it has John Huston, about whom the entire film should have been about. A lying, prevaricating, domineering, proud, greedy, irreligious prelate that reflects what we know today about Cardinals and Bishops and Popes. Huston hits the mark of our time over and over, but the focus of this film is essentially the church justifying its fascism for God wants it that way for the time being, a fascism that includes the exclusion of all truth, so that scandals abound, but they are part of the crosses the Church must bear as well as create. Lies, truth, sex, power, embezzlement,etc etc are all in the hands of the church to do with as it wills. Too bad then\ laity disagrees, but they'll come around in time.  I wonder what God thinks of all this? The Catholic Church would say,"If God disagrees, write out a big check for Him. He'll take it. I just saw this movie on late-night TV. Here's my take with no references or research. I'm stunned that anyone could love this movie except as pure camp or 70s relic. Stilted acting, odd editing, novice cinematography, simple direction, cheaply made. One star. As a campy b-movie
 I don't mean to berate the great Jim Danforth, but this is an extremely low budget rip-off of The 7TH Voyage of Sinbad. The legend is that producer Edward Small turned down Harryhausen's pitch for 7th Voyage. Ray went to Columbia, and the finished product was a huge hit, making 12 mill in America alone in 1958!! Small probably kicked himself a few times, and decided to make an exact duplicate of the film at MGM. He hired the same director (Nathan Juran) and same stars (Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher).Unfortunately, the animation models were not of the quality of Sinbad, and the stop motion is rushed (Small had a very tight budget. The result is a fun film for kids, but fantasy film fanatics do not regard this as a classic. Jack (Mathews) must rescue a possessed Princess from an evil sorcerer who wants to take over the Kingdom. Columbia actually sued Small for ripping off Sinbad, and the film remained in limbo for many years. In the late 80's, MGM turned the movie into a musical!!!!!! They dubbed over dialogue and made it look like the characters are singing! This version was shown on the Disney channel for a few years, and it is a sight to behold. In the mid ninties, MGM restored the film for a VHS release, and now the "widescreen DVD. There is some controversy regarding the films original aspect ratio (see stopmotionanimation.com). Kids will enjoy, but stop motion fans regard this film as a footnote in history.
 Jack the Giant Killer could be considered an adult version of an old English fairytale, Jack and the Beanstalk "Fee-fie-foe-fum, I smell the blood of an Englishman", or Walt Disney's delightful 1947 movie version Mickey & the Beanstalk. Jack the Giant Killer is more about Boy meets Girl, Boy saves Girl, Boy falls in love with Girl and I'm not sure if they live happily ever after. Although the Producer Edward Small hired Director Nathan Juran, the handsome hero Kerwin Mathews and the villain Torin Thatcher from the similar and very successful film the 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958), it lacked the most important ingredient, the genius of Ray Harryhausen, master of the motion picture special effects and most famous for his brand of stop-motion model animation. The monsters and fight scenes in Jack the Giant killer are laughable and hardly interesting. A disappointment! Some of the favorite Ray Harryhausen movies that can still be enjoyed today are
 This should have been a better quality production - not sure why it failed to entertain...
 Although the film stars Kerwin Mathews and Torin Thatcher, both from  The 7th Voyage of Sinbad  and is directed by the same director  of that film, Nathan Duran, this is a much weaker film.  The stop-motion  work is nowhere near as polished as Harryhausen's and the score by Paul  Sawtell pales in comparison to the brilliant Herrmann one for the earlier  flick.
 A good deal of scenic travelogue footage fixes the location in this futuristic affair as being an unidentified but exotic Asian island, ipso facto ruled by a villainous technology mogul, Morgan Wells, played in his best deadpan manner by Robert Hays, who has financed development of a preposterous weapon that is engineered to translocate the minds of its outer directed human targets into a permanent condition of virtual reality. Wells' mistress, Rebecca (Alexandra Paul), weary of his harsh treatment of her, steals a CD-ROM which contains encrypted data requisite for the weapon's implementation, with the hope of capitalizing her escape and freedom but understands she will not be able to achieve her objective alone, thereby luring naive Jack Morris (Martin Kemp), navigator aboard the tycoon's yacht, to aid her in her flight. Jack and his Cockney shipmate Manny (Adam Ant) have their shore leave interrupted by Rebecca's plans, particularly so since Morris permits feelings of compassion to bring him into a romantic involvement with the waifish temptress, who induces him into having the stolen data tattooed upon his back within a dragon-like design, and soon Wells and an opposition troupe are literally after Jack's hide (the original title was Sailor's Tattoo). The comic book background of scriptor James Robinson is easily visible throughout this low budget film as there is but meagre development of his characters, and neophtye director Erik Fleming is not yet adept in the craft of pacing, but there are scintillas of wit, and savoury acting turns from James Hong and from Hays as a wryly devilish Wells.
 The movie
 This is a bland little crime drama that screams for a decent story line and script. Two undercover agents(Fred MacMurray and Claire Trevor)try to bust up a drug-smuggling ring in Mexico. The two not knowing the real identity of the other end up falling in love. MacMurray proves he can play any kind of role. Trevor seems out of place and wrong for the part. Raymond Burr plays a heavy in more ways than one. Also in the cast are
 Both my wife and I are into gaming, but not this type of dress-up/act out gaming.  Unlike some other reviewers here, I didn't think the "players gave it their all. They were ignoring "game decorum every 10 seconds or so, so it really made everyone look half-hearted and  silly. There were a few comedic moments here and there which were ok, but the drama was totally uninteresting. Maybe there is a good story here somewhere, but neither my wife nor I could get into this film.  A big thumbs down for us!
 I didn't think this was particularly well done... in comparison with the book it can't hold a candle. I was surprised at the good quality of the film, for being so old. I didn't think that most of the actors looked right for the parts, particularly Kat. And the movie dragged on and on and on.... I guess as I watched it I kept thinking of better ways this could have been filmed to coincide better with the powerful impact of the story.  See it if you like, but I really can't recommend it...
 It hasn't been that long since I rented this movie and I have already forgotten the thing. That might provide a clue as to how good a movie this is. I streamed it via Roku after paying Amazon for the privilege and though I think I paid less than $3.00 to rent it I still feel a bit ripped off. I cannot recommend this movie in any way.
 This could have been a really good sci-fi movie, but it attempts to be "Dawn of the Dead at the end.  And fails miserably.  It's more watchable than the Sci-Fi network's wreck of the week, but not by much.  Good actors hamstrung by an awful script.  Actually, I may have to take that Sci-Fi statement back.  At least you know what's going on, (and probably know the whole movie), within the first few minutes.  This piece of dreck doesn't seem to know where it's going or what's it's all about until half way through this slog.  Confused about the first 2 minutes of the film?  Don't worry.  It ties back in somewhere toward the end.  Assuming you want to wait that long to find out.  Even if it was free, you're better off re-watching "Night of the Living Dead".  You'll feel dead after watching this crap.
 I have a great deal of respect for Werner Herzog and have been moved by many of his films, but unfortunately this isn't one of them.  Stunning visuals.  The Australian Bush is an amazing sight.  An Aboriginal face has something about it that makes you think you're looking back through all 40,000 years of their history, into something wise and mystical.  "Are you enjoying the movie? I was asked after 30 minutes. "I'm still waiting for it to start.  I'm sorry, but there is a sole conflict throughout.  A timely conflict, a timely topic, a very important and worthwhile cause for consideration.  But alas, the characters are as flat as the landscape, and the resolution of the plot is one you can predict before you finish reading the cover blurb.
 I hated it...way too cheesy and I thought she was way too fast and a terrible teacher.
 I hear there are two versions of Mary Poppins' DVD going around - a single layer and a dual layer version. I unfortunately and unknowingly bought the single layer. Middle of the movie, it stops dead, an animated hand appears showing a disc being turned over and you have to leap up and flip your disc for the movie to resume. This is almost sacriledge in any movie but to do it in Mary Poppins is a crime. It kills the flow and destroys the magic. It should be clearly marked on the label if you have to flip your disc. So be warned all
 I wasn't even aware of the Tulsa race riot in north Tulsa in 1921 until in recent years some element tried to get reparation for this horrendous event, nor have I ever heard of the clan operating in Tulsa in these times or in all the years I've lived there. The general public would not tolerate that outrage, so if they're around it's hidden well. The climate you portrayed in the documentary of separation is not accurate. African Americans live, work, and succeed in every part of Tulsa. There is always going to be the poor and disenfranchised, and those who refuse to work or live responsibly, but there are plenty of good families who have lived in north Tulsa with honor and integrity for generations, and they are the ones who suffer the most for the bad element who thrive in north Tulsa neighborhoods.  One part of Tulsa's story that was misspoken by one of the African American speakers in this documentary is that the African Americans are forced to assimilate into south Tulsa by whites. If they want to go to a grocery store or patronize other types of nice stores, or malls, then yes, they have to leave that particular neighborhood, and unfortunately there is a good reason for that. Grocery stores will not locate in the area, especially deep into the north, because they cannot guarantee the safety of their customers, or risk losing their businesses and livelihoods, very possibly their lives, to repetitive robberies and arson. Black on Black crime in north Tulsa is endemic. A mall and grocery stores in years past were robbed so many times by north Tulsa thugs that even African American business owners will not relocate there anymore. One hears the same stories from people who live in places like Watts or south central LA where people have rampaged, rioted, looted and burned their own neighborhoods, including African American owned businesses, and then complain that no one will rebuild there and they have no grocery stores. There is a good, hard working population there, but even they are afraid of the criminal element with entitlement fantasies that have churned out generations of welfare breeders in the numerous projects and run-down neighborhoods full of  blight and boarded-up crack houses. State and city agencies have built projects and allowed Section 8 housing in some of the nicer areas of Tulsa, such as Midtown and South Tulsa, which has since seen much higher crime rates and a feeling of fear in some old middle class areas. I have lived in midtown, south Tulsa and Sand Springs for 32 years, and have seen the safety level and some of the old neighborhoods deteriorate. This is equally hard on the educated and honest African Americans who have worked hard to better their lives and have chosen to move out of the north side, or never lived there. Part of the north side, in the Greenwood area narrowly aligned on the border is coming back with some art galleries, restaurants and pubs.  It's a bad situation for the honest population, but until black leaders and much of the general north Tulsa population who expect government handouts quit blaming whites for all their troubles, and quit accepting the culture of drugs, gangs, and irresponsible layabouts who think everyone owes them a living, will this area and others like it prosper again.
 Although the scenes in the DVD are all beautiful, the editing is the worst I have seen in any travel films. The film shows, or more precisely flashes, constantly moving images so that a viewer may feel dizzy after watching it for a while. Most of the film is aerial photography, and as such, it lacks details. Sometimes I am wondering if this film was made by professional photographers and editors.  On the other end, this set does offer more stuff than any other travel films on Italy. And the price is low, considering the length of this Blue-ray is 11 hours.
 I think it's a nice gift with a nice presentation, but once we watched the dvd it's was a little bit poor. I know italy very well and i have to say that this one it's like a "museum description of the country, and you can not listen to native speakers talk in it's own language...you always have to do it in english...so sad.
 The 2nd collection of James Bond movies was a gift to me. As my title suggests, I do not like movies in mono. They should have re-mastered or done anything they can to not present a movie on DVD in the year 2001 in mono. Rediculuous, IMHO. The movie Dr. No is one of the best Bonds so I have to give the movie pack some positive rating. Plus, DVD is better than VHS so that is a second star. For my money, I would not have spent so much money on 3 of 5 movies in mono. Just not what I'm about. Along the same lines, I bought T2 early on - and it was not remastered at that point for DVD and it sucks as well - even though we all know the content of T2 is among the best. If you can (and if they ever do), I suggest waiting for these to be remastered in 5.1.
 As a lover of Bond films, it is difficult to seriously critique them -- they are what they are.  Unfortunately, some of them are...bad.  Gift set Vol. 1 gets a loving five stars -- Volume 2 -- well, let's face it...it  contains some of the worst of the series.  Dr. No is EXCELLENT, and worth  five stars on its own merit.  A must for any Bond fan because Sean Connery  does a masterful job at portraying James Bond as Ian Fleming wrote him.  On  Her Majesty's Secret Service IS underrated, but I would recommend it only  to the die-hard fan.  Lazenby simply isn't likable enough for the role.  In  other words -- it bores me.  The Spy Who Loved Me -- well done and  deserving of four stars.  One of Moore's finest outings, just behind For  Your Eyes Only and just above Live and Let Die.  The others, The Man with  the Golden Gun (so much potential if ONLY they had gone with the Fleming  version! Doh!) and Moonraker are forgettable garbage that bear little and  sometimes no resemblence to the stories Ian Fleming wrote which could be  forgiven if they had improved on them.  They don't. And I'm not an elitist!  Just because a movie bears no resemblance to its own inspiration does not  automatically mean it is a bad film.  These two films are simply not well  made as far as both story and character.  My condolences to Mr. Moore (he  made a fine James Bond -- the fault was in the writers and filmmakers).  My  advice -- save yourself some money and purchase Dr. No and The Spy Who  Loved Me, which are both well made and enjoyable, separately to compliment  or begin any Bond collection.  Then wait for From Russia With Love.
 I got this for my 7 and 10 year old boys who are really into Robin Hood now.  They watched the old disney movie of Robin Hood and loved it.  However, the picture in this is often very dark making it difficult to see the actors.  Also the sound is very bad.  Some of the plots are a little boring.  But I think my kids would still be okay with watching them if it was better quality.  I wanted something not so violent or fraught with sexual innuendo, which this isn't.  I just wish it was easier to watch.
 Central Park Drifter had potential, but lacked good acting abilities.  DVD has a good cover, nudity, sex, and violence.
 Sometimes, you just want to watch a cheesy horror movie with a ridiculous storyline, lots of bad acting, and such sparkling dialogue as "Cut the crap, fart breath - and when you're in that kind of mood, Prime Evil stands ready to meet all of your lowest expectations.  It even throws in one of the lamest fight scenes in movie history for no extra charge.  This is actually one of the better films from director Roberta Findlay, best known for a string of hardcore pornographic films in the 1970s (she and husband Michael Findlay have been called "the most notorious filmmakers in the annals of sexploitation") before turning her attention to making bad horror films in the 1980s.  Now maybe you're thinking Prime Evil must have a fair amount of nudity in it, and it does - but it's all relegated to naked female breasts.  If nothing else (and I do mean nothing else), the main purveyor of all this "prime evil does have charisma, and that's an important thing to have when you're basically Satan's 800-year-old prime minister on Earth.  For all the cheesiness of his role, William Beckwith actually turns in a pretty good performance as "Father Thomas Seaton.  Everyone else - not so much.  Christine Moore is OK as the na_e and necessarily virginal Alexandra Parkman, but the rest of the cast would, as I like to say, have a hard time acting their way out of a dark room with a flashlight.  Special kudos to the two cops, who actually make Hayden Christensen look like a good actor (well, almost).  As far as the story goes, Alex is fated to be the next sacrificial victim for the local New York parish of Satan.  If you think that sounds like bad news for her - especially since she's being given to Satan by her own grandfather - try being one of her friends.  Father Thomas takes quite a liking to the young lady, and he doesn't want anyone interfering with his plans.  Throw in an undercover nun and a special cameo by Satan himself (looking absolutely ridiculous, I might add) along with little bit of blood and some kooky gore at the end, and you've got Prime Evil.  The whole thing is a complete and utter waste of time - entertaining to lovers of bad movies (such as myself), but a painful ordeal for those born without the bad movie lover gene.
 This so-called document will probably be replaced with the longer almost complete BLUE WILD ANGEL documentary film. I just saw this 1 hour 40 min. doco on TV [SBS, Australia] last night and was amazed to find not only 13 of the 18 songs complete but also replete with  between song misshaps and dialogue. The songs were also in the correct performance order. Yes, the complete versions of  Machine Gun  and  Foxy Lady  are here and yes, rare tracks like  Ezy Rider  also make their debut. The question is
 Having just seen this mess of a performance on Trio, I'm glad I didn't purchase the dvd. If you watch carefully, you can see from Jimi's facial expressions that he is not happy with his performance or the band's or both. The band sounds unrehearsed, the playing is sloppy, vocals are missing. Jimi does try his best to salvage things with some interesting solos but that as brilliant as it was, can't save things. Some songs in very raw form- Machine Gun, are trying to listen to. Yet on the other hand, 'Red house' is quite good. Sound quality is nothing to brag about, sounds like an old 8-track transfer-raw. I wonder if Jimi would have approved of this release, based on the way he takes his guitar off at the end of the show and slams it down on the stage, I think not. The serious fan will pass this one up. Hopefully, the Hendrix estate will choose future releases(both audio and dvd)more carefully.
 It's obvious that Jimi wasn't in good shape when he performed at the Isle of Wight. His singing is atrocious and he often forgets lyrics to his own songs. He sings with chewing gum in his mouth and he's unable to complete "Voodoo Chile because of some sort of technical/mechanical/sound-related problem. The band sounds poor compared to his studio recordings with Redding and Mitchell. Jimi reinvented the way guitar is imagined, but he also crashed very quickly. Band of Gypsies would also pale in comparison to the original Jimi Hendrix Experience. Jimi's wild life style is what did him in, and this dvd makes it apparent that at the time of filming, he wouldn't have much longer to live. In fact, he died just 18 days after the Isle of Wight concert. Millions of people love Hendrix, but are unaware of men like Earl Hooker, Buddy Guy, Elmore James, and Muddy Waters, who were Hendrix's greatest influences. Earl Hooker was also a better guitar player than Hendrix, in my book, though he didn't totally alter the way guitar is thought of in the way that Jimi did. It's a shame that Hendrix died so young, as his three studio albums are all excellent, and show a real creative genius at work. This dvd is disappointing, so I'm not sure if I even want to see his Woodstock performance.
 I gave this one 2/5 because it does have some original ideas, otherwise I would have given it lower. The movie has a great idea going...it's just not implemented well...or should I say, in a horror fashion. I know a lot of people in reviews like to say "the ideas weren't implemented well but that's really the only thing I could think. Bulbous, protruding phallus members belonging to homicidal maniacs? Bring it on, I said. Unfortunately, this one has the vulgarity and nudity typical to most of my favorite horror movies, but not enough gore and too many alterations to make the reader try to feel the effects of whatever drugs these kids were on. So, while the film didn't "bring it on, per se, it'll definitely be one I'll be thinking about in the near future...so I'll know what to avoid.
 It's so obvious that someone's trying to make a statement about the use of drugs,that I wondered if the movie was financed by the DEA. Two minutes of alright gore&shock,but that's it. It's something you could show in schools to scare the little kids but it's NOT A GOOD MOVIE. Big regrets I bought this one.
 This is one of those rare occaisions where I can read both the extremely good and extremely bad reviews for a film and understand where both parties are coming from. Very bad things is, on one hand, a poor movie because it  breaks one of the commandments of plotting a film
 Christian Slater, Jeremy Piven, Jon Favreau,Daniel Stern and Leland Oser go to Vegas and have them selves a bachelor party with a sexy stripper and then it turns out that she turns up dead, also a security guard too. bummer. they get rid of the evidence and take a pact that they wont tell anyone what really happend. but bad habits surface close to Favreaus wedding and Stern flips out and ends up dead. Janeane Tripplehorn suspects some foul play and then she ends up dead, with Jeremy Piven. Christian Slater goes bezerk and attacks Leland Oser and Favreau at the wedding. Cameron Diaz kills him or at least she things she did, but Oser actually kills him by making him fall down a flight of stairs. dark and sometimes comical, this one goes way to dark and ends up somewhat of a thriller more than a comedy. the comedy ends up coming back at the end. not the most worst film of all time but it had some moments. Berg did an ok job on this but it runs out of steam along the way.
 I was drawn to this movie because it was billed as a  dark comedy  I thought that meant that it was supposed to be funny, at least on some level.  But, it wasn't funny (darkly or in any other way).  It was not suspensful because it was predictable.  It did however feature a  very hip cast... except for Daniel Stern and Leland Orser who provided us  with the extremities of acting (overacting and no acting).  This movie  reminded me of the late HBO series Tales From the Crypt, minus the  cryptkeeper.
 ****MAJOR SPOILER****DON'T READ IF YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW****  Before I invested time watching this, I wish I had found a review saying there was a death of a major character at the end.  I wouldn't have bothered, it wasn't that good anyway.  Maybe this review will save someone.  Giving it 2 stars because I've seen abyssal films that only deserve 1-star, and this is not that bad.
 This film was just awful, and I decided not to waste my time finishing it.  Everything about it was bad, from start to finish-  at least to the finish line that I chose.  A real stinkeroo.
 There is handicap and deadly disease, poverty, alcoholism, loss of a parents during childhood and super abusive mother. All that topped off with great love and forgiveness. Little bit overdone even for my (romantic) taste.
 This is one of those movies that are so terrible that you have alot of fun watching it and making fun of it. The swamp natives are stereotypically ignorant backwater white trash, and the leading lady is ever so  stereotypically ready to faint and hide her face at every scene, and always  leaves the dreadful work up to the big strong men. That and make coffee  ofcourse. She always was making coffee for the men. The acting is  beautifully sub-par and almost seems as if it was shot while they were  rehearsing their lines (except for the believeable character of the  sheriff). You'll marvel at the scientific dialogue of the   doctor  and his theories of the leeches origin (hokey fourth  grade science that is, almost as bad as the movie where the locals needed   SODIUM...WE NEED SODIUM!  ) You'll cheer when the giant leeches  attack the bad people, and love every leech sighting. This video edition is  in terrible shape and is so dirty it's too dark to make out at times  (usually the thick swamps)...but that's why it's so cheaply priced. I  highly recommend this for camp movie buffs, and especially for B sci-fi  lovers like myself. It's a gem. You know you want it, or you wouldn't have  found it on Amazon...I mean...how many people go and search for   Attack of the Giant Leeches  unless they liked movies like that  in the first place? Thoroughly enjoyable.
 I am an avid fifties sci-fi buff, but this movie was really sadly put together even for back then. I gave it two stars because of the effort. It really could have been a great movie if it was for the "special effects ... they were really special.
 I knew there was a reason I had always avoided seeing this movie. Jamie Lee Curtis is the only entertaining actor in this very mediocre movie. It's just too ridiculous to keep your attention from the very beginning in my opinion.  It has a very poor plot and really centers around Jamie Lee Curtis' character using her body to get her way and men who drop 50 IQ points around her.  I hated it, but obviously at 4.5 stars, a lot of people love silly movies that go nowhere. To each their own. If you are a fan of the actors in the movie, most likely, you will like it.
 I know I will get lots of "unhelpful votes for this, but I must say that this comedy did not work for me.  The characters are exaggerated, even offensive (well, not PC), and the situations are utterly outlandish if not grotesque (e.g. eating the neurotic stutterer's fish right out of the acquarium).  OK, the actors are all extremely good.  Alas, taken together, I just felt like I was wasting my time watching this, like it was too silly to believe.  What I mean is, it didn't click, my laughs were forced and rare, and I couldn't suspend my disbelief, but instead constantly felt like someone was making this up as they went along.  Not recommended.
 This movie is, in a word, hilarious. I defy anyone to watch it and not have tears streaming down their face from laughter. It's one of those classic, uproariously insane comedies in the Monty Python style, just plain crazy funny. I am an animal lover but even the part where the poodles that get annihilated was hilarious and Michael Palin's reactions to that are beyond funny.  This is one movie that is guaranteed to make you scream with laughter.  I have seen it about a dozen times and it still makes me laugh till I cry.
 Well, after Python, John Cleese and Michael Palin decided to go more into 'serious' comedy with this film, A Fish Named Wanda.  The story is about a group of four who successfully steal some diamonds, but then, as all good burglars do, turn against each other only to fall into complication upon complication.  The film has a decent amount of big names, such as Kevin Kline, John Cleese, and Jamie Lee Curtis.  However, I just never really got into this.  The plot is well twisted so that is not the problem; however, I just lack the interest in the characters.  First of all, Michael Palin is just going off of the stuttering bit he did in Life of Brian. Moreover, and I never understood how anyone could be, every male character is heads over heels for Curtis, which just seems so unrealistic to me even in a plot.  Really though, the 'comedy' just was not that funny, except for a bit of semi-absurdity near the end.  Thus, I would advise a different movie.  I do not really know which one, but particularly something different.
 Despite a couple of funny scenes (just funny, not really hilarious), this movie is average at best and highly disappointing. Some might say that  A Fish Called Wanda  is a masterpiece comedy, but frankly I fail to see what the hype is all about. Sure, there are a couple of quirky moments here, yet the plot is substandart, the directing is weak, the characters are not likable in the least and the acting shows signs of competence still isn`t all that great either. Overall, this effort is a mildly enjoyable cinematic experience that`s probably worth watching once if there`s nothing better around. Decent and tolerable, but a classic this is not. Passable entertainment.
 My girlfriend really wanted me to see this movie.  She kept telling me how  hilarious it was.  We finally rented it and, about a half hour into it, I  turned to her and asked,  When does it get funny?   Seriously.  I  saw nothing funny about the whole beginning of the movie.  About an hour  into it, we finally get to a scene that made me laugh.  There were a few  others after that, but not many. Not only wasn't the movie funny, it  wasn't very well done, either.  The movie starts with these people planning  a burglary.  Then the burglary occurs and the so-called hijinks begin.  Who  are these people?  Why are they robbing this bank?  We get no background on  these characters, how they met, or what their relationships are to each  other.  That might have helped. Finally, what's up with the title?  What  does robbing a bank have to do with the fact that one of the guys has a  fish with the same name as Jamie Lee Curtis' character?  I don't get  it. If you're looking for a good crook comedy, check out DIRTY ROTTEN  SCOUNDRELS instead.  This one was a big disappointment.
 NOTE
 Fear not, DVD fans, a brand new Special Edition version will be released in the first quarter of 2002!
 This gut-busting comedy starring Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis, John Cleese and Michael Palin deserves better.  The DVD has the worst sound I've ever experienced on DVD or VHS.  If you're used to 5.1 sound, mono just doesn't cut it.  It's one of my favorite comedies, and maybe my most disappointing DVD.
 It is necessary for me to start by saying that I have never been a fan of Oliver Stone's films. Part of filmmaking, in my opinion, a necessary part of every film, is to, in some way; entertain the people watching the film. Many films also educate, inform, incite, but entertainment needs to be a part of the equation of any successful film. Too often, Stone is so intent on getting his message across, he begins to beat the viewer over the head with these ideas. Subtlety is lost. When the film becomes a lecture, it is no longer entertaining. So I often avoid Stone's films or catch them on DVD.  But I should also say I am a very liberal Democrat, which is why I went to see "W". The liberal Democrat in me was stronger than my distaste for Stone's films.  But "W is not a good film. Apparently, Stone was so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election, he fast-tracked the project, rushing every aspect of production.  And it quite frankly shows on the screen. When I exited the theater after the screening, my companion and I both agreed the film was on a par with a television movie. Something you might see on Lifetime Television.  Why was Stone so intent on getting the film into theaters before the election? What effect did he hope it would have? Bush isn't up for reelection. I don't get it.  But to have any kind of power, the film has to show us something new. Something we didn't already know. Something the average viewer couldn't have already gleamed from a mixture of skits on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart or "Saturday Night Live or through various exposes in magazines like "Vanity Fair".  And "W doesn't tell us anything new. The "big revelation the film seems intent on beating us over the head with is little more interesting than your average TV movie. "W simply dies on screen. Which is a shame. Because as much as I dislike Stone's films, I dislike the work of our current president even more and would have loved to see a truly great, insightful look at everything that went wrong with his presidency.  A far better expose of the 43rd President continues to lie in Michael Moore's film "Fahrenheit 9/11". Check that out instead. Moore delves into the various political and business connections of the Bush family and their political co-horts, connecting the dots for us to see.  That said, there is one reason to watch "W", maybe when it appears on DVD or cable (Lifetime?). And that one reason is Josh Brolin's portrayal of Bush 43. From the moment Brolin appears on screen, he seems to be channeling something deep, very deep, to make this character interesting and multi-faceted. Perhaps more interesting and multi-faceted than he has a right to be based on the writing and directing.  We initially meet W as he leads a meeting of his senior staff at the White House, trying to come up with the "Axis of Evil speech. Then, through a series of flashbacks, we see a few moments in W's early life; presumably to give us an idea of what led to this man becoming President. He gets hazed at Yale, he gets bailed out of jail by 'Poppy' (James Cromwell) and he quickly gives up on a job on an oil rig. Poppy, who is running for the Senate, doesn't know what to do with the boy, especially since Jeb is going to graduate with honors. And you get a clue about Stone's theory about how W became the President. It's a weak theory, especially as portrayed in the film, which is part of the significant problem with "W". The flashbacks seem particularly rushed, even unfocused. Is Stone's theory about this man really that superficial?  Then one fateful night, Poppy asks W to run his campaign for President. Bush 43 comes up with the Willie Horton ad against Michael Dukakis. And the rest is history.  Brolin does a good job of portraying Bush and often walks a fine line, tottering between caricature and an actual attempt at creating a meaningful performance. There are moments when Bush seems in charge and other moments when he seems like a fool, ripe for leading by Karl Rove (Toby Jones) and Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss). It is an interesting, intelligent performance for a man I don't think necessarily deserves such treatment.  The rest of the cast is much more problematic. Thandie Newton ("Mission
 You can usually expect intense, provocative movies from Oliver Stone. He achieved something special with JFK and Nixon. I was expecting this would also be provocative and really have an opinion about Bush. Instead, its just a boring, standard biography. No insight or and special messages. A real disappointment.
 So I watched W., and I'm torn.  Josh Brolin's protrayal of George W. Bush during the White House years is compelling and almost spot-on. However, his portrayal of the younger man is tooth-jarringly awful, with a broader accent and attitude that makes him look less like the spoiled, arrogant rich boy we know he was (and is) and more like a high-functioning mentally retarded inbred hillbilly. After fifteen minutes I went back to the start of the movie, keyed on the subtitles, and set the audio to the director's commentary so I wouldn't have to hear that voice.  More to the point of the movie itself, on reflection I'm stunned but not surprised that every character other than Bush is a cardboard cutout. Cheney is an oil-obsessed Machiavelli dedicated to empire; Rove is a toady more interested in winning elections than in any actual governing; Powell is the ineffectual voice of sanity in an otherwise wholly incompetent Bush administration.  George H. W. Bush is possibly the most cardboard cutout of them all. The keynote of Oliver Stone's portrayal of Bush is that Dubya hates his daddy- resents him for being a better athlete, a war hero, more intelligent, and more successful in business. As such he decides to be everything the elder Bush is not- stubborn and inflexible ("strong in spirit"), confrontational, and dogmatic. In support of this, we only see Bush I as a man disappointed in his son, but unwilling to actually discipline him or even confront him about his youthful excesses or his adult incompetence. There is no sign of '41's positive qualities whatever. Apparently, in Stone's view, the fecklessness of the father created the irresponsible, arrogant man of privilege we know today.  Add to this the utterly superfluous and nonsensical bits of "cinematography Stone throws in- three fantasy scenes in a baseball field, Dubya nearly choking to death on a chip, and a "mystical scene on a jogging trail shot by someone deep in the throes of an LSD trip- and the film is, put mildly, deeply dissatisfying.  Stone claims to have done deep research for this film, and a short feature packed with the DVD should be an introduction to any course on what was wrong with the Bush presidency. (This short feature was NOT done by Stone himself.) However, for the sake of his message (that Dubya became what he is because people around him were "enablers") Stone takes liberties with the facts- including turning Laura Bush from the final factor in Dubya giving up the bottle to a meek woman willing to accept threatened spousal abuse. The frequent use of "unsourced (translated
 When will it ever end??  ...the movie I mean.  I realize evil political machinations will continue until arageddon. Omigosh!  Take the advice of other reviewers and rent or borrow this DVD from the library before putting your hard earned bucks in it!  Most of the characters appeared to adequately "represent in some fashion their counterparts in "real life, although, Barbara Bush, the only character I was actually privleged to meet, seem quite different when I shook her hand. (Of course, she could have been shamming me for the vote she did not get.) For a different point of view for motivations, read "Armed Madhouse by Greg Palast (Available from Amazon). A film such as this makes one demand that beer be sold at the theater.  The soundtrack, however, although not an "Easy Rider, was pretty good.  The Robin Hood theme pepped things up and the Norman Greenbaum "Spirit in the Sky was a hoot, although "The Eggplant That Ate Chicago could have been a satiric additional reflection of the main character's integrity.
 Not much needs to be said about this film, because the film didn't have much to say either--nothing new, at least.  Any American who has been at least semi-conscious for the past eight years knows that Bush got us into an expensive war based on false information put forward as absolute fact; failed to capture and punish those responsible for 9/11, that Bush countenanced war crimes by Americans; that Bush violated the fourth amendment to the Constitution; that Bush had people held without charges, without legal representation,  The list probably includes another list of things we don't yet know about.  Oliver Stone's film covers the Bush administration, but so what?  Tell us something we don't know.  The acting is mostly okay but a little wooden at times.  Brolin's Bush comes across as a buffoon, an ex-drunk who used religion as a cover for his sins.  But everyone already knew that.  I wouldn't recommend this film to people of any political stripe. It's just not worth one's time.
 As one who had read quite a bit about the Bush Family and about W himself, his life, childhood and personality, this movie was a big disappointment. Giving ample space for artistic license, which I actually encourage, this still was too much caricature and too little authentic truth to leave a credible impression of what "w really was like.  W's story, told with sensitivity and depth, and without rancor, is actually quite sufficient to carry a meaty if not a robust plot. However, this "cartoon of W should have been beneath a filmmaker of Stone's caliber. This movie even casts a negative shadow over some of Stone's earlier work, which I actually thought was quite well done. However, in light of this "rush to judge W badly, Stone screwed up.  I left the movie thinking more about Stone than about "W and that is a statement in itself.  Two stars
 In this movie George W. Bush is depicted in his early years as a hard-drinking, opportunistic, ne'er-do-well who bumbles through life riding the coattails of his distant, disapproving father.  Later on, after a moment of conversion, he is shown as a simplistic, religious fanatic who bulls his way to the presidency and who seeks nothing more than a kind word from George Sr.  Each of the characters is instead a caricature and the movie is full of misrepresentations and giant leaps of assumption about the interactions and motivations of the major protagonists.  "W is depicted as a cowboy who jumps on his horse and rides it to the bitter end, insisting that he is always right and never makes a mistake.  Oliver Stone's comment that this movie is not political is ridiculous and is only superseded by his assertion that he got "into the skin of George Bush".  The sad truth is that he never even scratched the surface.
 Love him or hate him
 The main problem I have with this movie is that it covers all the bad things and none of the good. George Bush was a two term governor and two term president. You just don't get elected to these offices unless you have something going for you. George Bush led us through 9/11 and showed real leadership - none of that is covered in the movie. None of the debates were covered and Bush did well in the debates. George Bush is a very normal, down to earth person but I did not get the feel for that watching this movie. The movie made him to be dumb and inept - and I feel the movie did not treat him fairly. If you watch the movie "Primary Colors which is a story that mimics Bill Clinton's rise to the presidency - it shows his transgressions but also shows his strengths - it was much more balanced. This could have been a good movie but Oliver Stone was more content to take pot shots at President Bush - we certainly know where Mr. Stone stands politically after watching this movie, a failed effort.
 A let down...pretty boring.  I didn't even finish the whole thing.  I rented it mainly because of Josh Brolin and his past roles.
 There was a time, very long ago, that Oliver Stone made relevant movies, granted he always had an ax to grind, but his movies were not provocative, just to be provocative.  W. is a perfect example, it's obvious Stone is no fan of the former president, but he tries I suppose in his own warped way to understand Bush, and im sure he feels he was fair, but really this is just a badly filmed pseudo intellectual mess.  The performances are all over the place, it's like the actors are as confused as the director.  Brolin is passable as Bush, but he really doesnt ever make you forget that you are watching a caracature..the rest of the cast does sort of bad imatations, with the execteption of the singular Cromwell as Poppy, not really sure 41 was like this, but it's a riviting performance none the less..but really there is nothing to recommend here..it's Stone at his most indulgent..granted this mess is not as bad as Alexander..high praise indeed.
 Watching this jumbled, poorly motivated movie, baffling where it tries to be funny and hilarious where it tries to be straightforward, I have to ask
 The only reason I gave this 2 stars and not one star is because of Josh Brolin. And did Chris Crocker write the script? Because this movie is too sympathetic. In fact, it should be called "Leave Bush alone!". Granted, Brolin's performance is great. It's almost like watching George W. himself play the role.  I agree this movie had lots of potential. It's a look at George W. Bush's presidency, and I admire Stone for trying to do that. Howver, just because you did it with "JFK (which is a fantastic movie IMO), doesn't mean you should do one for Bush. That said, this movie fails to reach its potential because the whole time it seems as if it's trying to get us to sympathize (sp?) for Bush.  There are some good moments in the film and they do highlight some of the actual events in Bush's reign. But other than that, unless you actually do sympathize for Bush, this movie is a complete waste of time.
 the acting was good, I thought it was a fair depiction of our former president. Not too negative and not too positive, The acting was very good
 On a side note, I hope Oliver Stone was joking in an appearance he made on The Colbert Report when he praised George W. Bush's presidency and said he was the greatest president in history. He scares me sometimes, Stone does.  On another note, the movie does not feel much at all like an Oliver Stone-type movie, though it has enough of his style in it
 I didn't need this boring, long winded movie to tell me just how insane, stupid and inbred that man really is.  I was awake for the last eight years.  Try to avoid this movie, unless you weren't.
 One thing that immediately struck me when W came out was the odd timing.  Why on earth would a filmmaker choose to put out a movie on the Bush presidency so close to its end when the end result will be a movie that lacks closure and feels unfinished?  Had the movie been spectacular, this could have been forgiven, but in many ways W. is a truly forgettable movie.  I thinks it's easy enough to leave politics out of whether or not you like this movie.  I suppose if you don't like Bush, chances are you'll like W., but that's not really the point.  I know people who despise Richard Nixon, but loved Frost/Nixon.  The movie follows two separate timelines and jumps back and forth between the two.  The first begins with college era Bush, the other begins right after 9/11.  There's no real point to splitting the movie up in such a way, expect that had the story been told from start to finish, the movie might had been even worse.  There are other continuity issues that cause serious problems as well.  The most glaring issue is that many of the infamous "Bushisms make appearances in the movie, but never in the context of when Bush actually said them.  Someone made the decision to cram in as many of them as possible, whether or not it made sense to do so.  The movie's most serious issue though is that it can't decide whether or not it wants to be a parody/caricature, or a serious movie....a comedy, or a drama.  Bush's character jumps back and forth between the two throughout the movie.  Dick Cheney and Condi Rice seem like they're straight out of an SNL skit, while Colin Powell and Donald Rumsfeld are played in a serious way.  This is incredibly distracting and I think it speaks to the fundamental problem with this movie and that's the fact that the 'story' Oliver Stone wanted to tell doesn't make for a good movie.  It's just not that interesting.  Maybe Stone thought that because aspects of Bush are comedic for lack of a better term, they would make for a good movie, but that's just not the case.  If you've paid more than just passing attention to the news during Bush's presidency, you won't learn anything new.  If you haven't been paying attention...first of all what's wrong with you?  Second, this would be a horrible place to start if you want to learn about the last 8 years.
 All political opinions aside, W. is a huge disappointment of a movie and will more than likely manage to please only the most ardently blind and slave-minded of Bush haters. To start with, Stone's blind hatred of Bush administration members Rice, Rumsfield and Cheney; and his love affair with Powell is as obvious as a supernova. Stone tries to portray Cheney as an imperialist and a warmonger, Rice as a brainless court monkey and Rumsfield as a pervert. The movie contains several instances of complete and utter BS that Stone has trumped up in an attempt to cover the fact that he obviously did next to no real research in the writing of this film and had absolutely no intention of showing the audience anything more than a pack of half truths, misconceptions and flat out lies. I would say that Stone's film borders on treason if it weren't so completely ridiculous and such a poor representation of reality. Speaking as an Iraq veteran and former military journalist, and as someone who has actually met and spoken to former Vice President Dick Cheney, Stone is a shameless liar who has proved with this film his irrelevance in the modern world. The only bright spot of this aging liberal's wet dream of a movie is Josh Brolin's incredible performance as Bush.
 Oliver Stone establishes at the beginning of "W. that's it's fictional, with George Jr. imagining he's the Texas Rangers centerfielder. Conversations are invented, facts altered, important players eliminated, composite characters presented as real. Later, there's a dream sequence where Jesus tells Dubya to run for president, him drifting off to fantasy land during a strategy session and a nightmare of Pappy Bush challenging him to a fistfight.  He's portrayed as two-faced
 The basic problem with the film's narrative is that it simply goes nowhere for no reason, and this is summed up in the film's final dream scene- and the film is so pointless that my iterating its end will not matter one iota. W. dreams he is playing centerfield for his old baseball team, the Texas Rangers. A ball is hit, he runs back to the centerfield wall to catch it, as he did in an earlier dream scene. Except, this time the ball never comes down. W. just looks up into the heavens with a goofy look on his face, clueless as ever. While the ending may simultaneously capture the real confusion of the real President as well as Stone's caricature, it also recapitulates the superficial glibness of Stone's whole film. It is shallow, dull, and cannot even induce the hatred inspired by the real W. Yet, even if one accepts that there is no `there' there, inside of the President, could not Stone have at least turned his guns on the American electorate for electing such an idiot? In an earlier film of Stone's, Natural Born Killers, Stone really tore the American consumerate a new hole. Granted that film was over the top where this film is too reserved, even as both are broad in their portraits. But Natural Born Killers, at least, had balls, and skewered the average American. W., by contrast, is a eunuch, and Joe Average gets off as easily as W., the real man, has.    That stated, the two extremes mentioned in those two films are not the only way Stone could have gone. As example, look to Nixon, and the scene where Nixon (Anthony Hopkins) forces Secretary Of State Henry Kissinger (Paul Sorvino) to pray with him during the Watergate tumult. Now, if there were ever two real men ripe for parody (especially at such a moment) it was Nixon and Kissinger. Yet, the scene, as played and filmed, is actually quite moving. Granted, part of this is because Hopkins and Sorvino are great actors, whereas Josh Brolin and the bulk of this film's cast are not. But, the screenplay was also far better, and showed Nixon as a complex if base, man. W., by contrast, is the aforementioned cipher, and, given that so much of this film relies on the fact that its audience will know much of the political minutia, for having lived through these years, this does not bode well for future viewers to whom Bush's usual suspects will seem bizarre creatures from another dimension.    Often, in art, a work of art is esteemed as great, not because it is technically, aesthetically, nor creatively, great, but merely because it represents a great break, or a great step forward, from what the art form offered before. What it does is not as important as what it symbolizes or represents, ideatively. Examples of this can be seen in the rather rote epopee of Homer and Virgil, the bloated religious didacticism of Dante or John Milton, the predictable comic convolutions of Charles Dickens, or some of the lesser works of Cubism, or any other school of art. Oliver Stone's latest film, W., oddly seems to invert that truism. It is a regression from not only Stone's earlier, greater films, but from satire itself. It also represents a regression for Stone even as the film is, on the surface, more entertaining than his recent offerings. But, this is a man capable of greatness, and a greatness of Shakespearian levels.    This film's failure, then, most likely is Stone's unwitting admission that his slow descent into irrelevance and artistic anomy will be unabated. The same thing has occurred to other great American filmmakers like Woody Allen, Francis Ford Coppola, and Martin Scorsese (despite his recent `career' Oscar for The Departed), but it makes it none the less sad and frustrating for his viewers. If only he had shown the nerve to try, this time out, one might have been able to forgive him his failure. But, Stone's own uninspired direction and effort can only elicit a shrug from fans of his work. Like breeds like- a point Stone seems to have wanted this film to make, but....yawn.
 I have seen George W. Bush on TV many times but I confess I knew little about him. Watching this movie, I do not feel that I have learned much about him or what drives him. I could not even identify the character I have seen on TV with the actor. I then read up on George W. Bush in the Wikipedia and I do not think that this movie is a fair representation of the man.  The acting itself is not particular good. No character struck me as playing particularly good except for Toby Jones.  The filming was only ordinary.
 W was about as bland as a movie can get. There was very little in it to capture my interest. To be fair, making a film about a contemporary president is bound to be difficult. First of all, there is the unsurmountable problem that everyone has first-hand experience of your subject, which means there's nothing you can say that your audience doesn't already know. Second, there is the specter of lawsuits, which means there's nothing you can say that your audience doesn't already know.  But (seriously) the third and most serious obstacle to making a film about an outgoing president is that it's an impossible undertaking. Current history, as we live it -- with all its emotional charge, its controversy, and its still warm bodies -- is always going to trump its representations, even one made by Oliver Stone. Moreover, there was no emotional punch to Stone's characters, which meant that there was no punch to the movie, much less a point. ("Ex-alcoholic, spoiled, not-too-bright, frat boy with an inferiority complex, money and a good memory for names becomes president is an observation, not a point.) Without emotional depth or intellectual content there simply wasn't a story.  And that, dear readers, is probably the best summary of both Oliver Stone's imitation "W and the real one.
 but even that is cutting. You watch and say "He was elected twice! What will future generations say?
 i saw nixon the day prior and to say i was let down by this one is an understatement... brolin was decent, whoever played the part of rice was horrible... it just seemed like a really poorly acted, scripted movie... no insights, no real life portrayals of the struggles in the white house, especially between bush and cheney in the later years... turned those 8 horrible years into a joke... a horrible joke most of us have suffered through...
 This movie is worth watching only if interested in some facts and history. The world's rotten politics is amazing. The politicians and analyst are worse. The acting is not worth mentioning. This is not a recommended movie
 "The Mark of Zorro is the most memorable of the Zorro films made about the black masked crusader, fighting for the people and against the injustices of corrupt political officials.  Zorro (Tyrone Power) must stop Captain Pasquale (Basil Rathbone) from destroying Los Angeles by robbing its citizenry while he romances his gorgeous niece (Linda Darnell). TRANSFER
 This movie made me realize that I'm getting old.  I know that I'm sure most teenagers would find this movie hilarious and super cool, but I thought it was a complete waste of time.  The two stars are strictly for the hot girls in it.  I understand that the movie was trying to discuss the idea of fads and  selling out  in American today, but that's not really something you can do with a highly commercial movie like this.  The ads plastered all over the movie making fun of ad placement doesn't make sense cause even if they are making fun, they're still placing ads for all those companies and are still getting free products or money for those huge advertisements.  I also couldn't stand the fact that every 10 minutes they found some other reason to sing another song.  Why?  This wasn't Josie and the Pussycats.  Josie and the Pussycats was like a female Scooby Doo.  They should have just dropped the Hanna Barbara license and just made a movie about a band trying to make it.  This would make the film less commercial and then there would be the huge advertising accompanying the movie, with posters, tv spots, billboards, toys, lunchboxes, and everything else the movie makes fun of!
 I'm mostly all for the cavity-causing sweet movies with those same plots (boy meets girl, boy and girl fave a problem, boy and girl get together). I've seen dozens of movies like this
 This shameless (or should I say shameful) ripoff of "When Harry Met Sally gives us all the neuroses without any of the humor of its entertaining predecessor.  There was no attempt to disguise the intellectual larceny on the part of writers Andrew Lowery and Andrew Miller, right down to naming Freddie Prinze, Jr.'s character Ryan, after Meg Ryan, who in WHMS played the character after whom Ryan's character was patterned.  There is further irony here since Freddie Prinze, Jr. is fast becoming the male Meg Ryan, never venturing beyond the safety of sappy romantic comedies.  Unfortunately, his choice of projects has been far more jejune with narrower appeal. If you have seen WHMS, you know the plot of this film.  Boy meets girl; boy hates girl.  They are thrown together periodically, and they eventually develop a friendship despite their differences.  This develops into love, sex, denial, and finally resolution.  They are both extremely socially challenged and neurotic.  Their differences are so irreconcilable that they really belong in different movies. This film tries to be a romantic comedy, but it is really a tragedy with a side order of hapless humor provided by Jason Biggs.  Even Biggs' scenes are not very funny.  The funniest scene in the film was a deleted scene they included in the credits with Biggs having a gas with some lingerie models. Claire Forlani was excellent as Jennifer, the flaky free spirit.  She was ditzy and lovable with moments of intense lucidity that kept the character from being farcical.  Forlani's performance is the only thing that holds this film together.  Freddie Prinze, Jr. gives his standard good-looking-nice-guy performance.  He had one decent scene at the end, during the couple's confrontation overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, where he actually showed that he could act.  Otherwise, it was bland performance.  In Prinze's defense, Ryan was a dud and it would have been difficult to make him interesting without losing the essence of the character.  Jason Biggs did the best he could with a loser of a character and weak lines.  He is a much funnier performer than this film let him be. This romantic comedy is neither romantic nor funny.  I rated it a 4/10.  See the original; it was both.
 The DVD contains everything that the editorial review promises but in really poor quality. The DVD disc is a DVD-R that the manufacturer reproduced very cheaply and although the cover says that it is digitally remastered, the quality of the DVD is really quite appalling, being very amateurish and in some parts, simply not watchable. Although the content will make me watch it again, I'm really disappointed that I've had to pay so much for something of such poor quality.
 I was very excited to get this dvd, as an avid practioner of Shorin-Ryu.  However, the dvd left a lot to be desired.  There is very lot footage of Soken, and the majority of the footage that is shown can be found on youtube for free.  I think that this was just a sad attempt of George Alexander attempting to make money again.  I would not waste your money, just search for Master Soken on youtube and you will have everything that this dvd has to offer.
 Although, the content of this documentary would probably have received five stars from me, the poor picture quality of this DVD would only rate at most a one. I was really excited to find this DVD because I met all of the tap dancers featured except for Gregory Hines. I was massively disappointed when I played it because the video quality is so very poor. The color and tones are awful. Steve Condos had green hair! The picture was murky and the colors faint. In fact, it is the worst quality of a DVD I've ever seen. I think that they took a VHS tape and just transferred onto DVD. You can actually see thick video lines across the screen. Ordinarily, a line would appear straight but on this video because of the poor resolution it appears jagged. I was further shocked and actually angered when at the end of the video it made it clear that it was originally shot on film! Since this was so, why couldn't the producers have spent the money and given us a nice new digital transfer from the original film?  I know a little about film and transfers as I produced a 75 minute movie on film,  
 I was EXTREMELY disappointed in the cheap packaging of Season Nine and Ten.  All of the others were nicely packaged and these two seasons came in a cheap plastic DVD holder!  Had I known this in advance I may not have spent the money to buy them.  I HOPE the final season is NOT packaged this way because I have pre-ordered it!
 Dogma has some funny moments and contains the kernel of a good film, but unfortunately these are lost in the loose direction and  slack editing.  There are quite a few plot problems and they are never really resolved properly. A few more months in the editing suite may have worked wonders for this film, but overall it was very disappointing.  Ed Wood would've been proud.
 What an achievement, for Mr. Smith to recruit a dozen or so top celebrities to recite bits and pieces of his personal religious beliefs to a captive audience.  Truly unbelievable.  My guess is that most religious and non-religious viewers will find something to their distaste in this film (the appearance of the "fecal Golgothan was particularly unpleasant to sit through).  In addition to the unconvincing and gruesome special effects (Ben Affleck's head gets blown off!), Mr. Smith's eclectic philosophy is not terribly original, taking bits of Catholic mythology and peppering them with obscure Fundamentalist rants (i.e., the Virgin Mary has other children by Joseph, the "morning star of Isaiah is a reference to Satan).  Meanwhile, the bloodier side of Christianity is laid bare as we hear that Damon and Affleck's characters have been on earth "since the time of the plagues", and watch these two angels "smite a boardroom full of entertainment execs who operate a company named after the "golden calf". Go out and watch "Clerks and forget about this nonsense from an amateur theologian.  Smith is a better authority on "snowballing than on transubstantiation.  Stick with what you know....
 First he made a no-budget black and white comedy set in a store. Clerks. It was funny, clever and hugely enjoyable. Then he made the under-rated Mallrats. An enjoyable, yet idiotic, romp through a Mall. Then he tried  something more serious with the twisted love triangle and came out with  Chasing Amy, a film with some great moments, but never a truly satisfiying  whole. And now Dogma!  Which, let's face it, it a steamy pile of  pretentious Dogdo! OK, so, there's a couple of funny lines. Wow! And Silent  Bob and Jay are in it. Um, Wow!  And, um.... it's just garbage. A great  big sweaty pile of pretentious garbage. I'm so not looking forward to his  next film if this is that pattern of his career.
 Don't get me wrong
 I felt that the unrelenting useage of profanity throughout this movie marred what could have been an exceptional production.   Why do new Hollywood writers/producers feel that the [profanity] lends the necessary panache to their films to ensure that they are 'with it'? I would like to have my daughter see this movie because I think that it blends the correct amount of theology, fantasy, humor, and compassion to show up organized religion for the fraud that it, in many cases, is. The zealots who picketed "The Life of Brian' are the same types who disparaged this movie, probably without ever viewing it.  I am kept from viewing this movie with my daughter because of the, as I formerly stated, unrelenting use of profanity. I would be uncomfortable sitting by her while the foul diatribes ...in support of no apparent plot points, ran on. I am a former seminary student, a retired Naval officer, and not a prude. I simply lament the apparent loss of propriety in exchange for the (now) minimal shock value of extreme language.
 Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy are all classics and I think that must have weighed heavily on Kevin Smith when he made this film. All the bits which captured your imagination and funny bone in the first three movies are gone, what you are left with is a movie with very little to offer. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon bring some star power to the movie, but to be honest, the earlier movies worked better with a higher proportion of little known actors. It just doesn't work as a movie!
 Kevin Smith's DVDs are not just movies with a few special features, they act as an archive of the hard work and pleasure that went into each of his first threee movies.  The Special Edition disks for "Clerks", "Mallrats and "Chasing Amy are what all DVDs SHOULD BE - a record of not only the artistry, but of the personalities that created the art.  In each we understand how the director thinks, feels and works and has been a chronicle of Smith's growth as a writer and director.  However, "Dogma looks like it was time to throw the film on a disk for retail sale. The much-anticipated "Special Edition is coming soon, and Smith has promised it to be a great companion edition to a sharp, witty and (in some ways) groundbreaking film.  So why couldn't we just wait for this?... I am a great fan of the Askewniverse, and the effort by Smith and Co. to even bring out the Special Edition reinforces my respect for View Askew...
 For me, this movie started out with the right amount of irreverant anti-religeous zeal, but then became perverted into just another gory chop  'em up  road trip.   If it had stuck with the satirical humor it  could have worked better.  For me, it stopped being funny when the violence  became explicit.  The monster from the toilet was funny, and that type of  violemce (implied but not seen) made for a better film.  It is too bad that  it deteriorated into a  I can make this more graphic than the last  movie made  type movie.  It lost points with me.
 As a sweet bite of blaspemy this Kevin Smith stinker may do fine, supported by a star-studded cast and a crunchily inventive premise to sink our collective teeth into the heart of Catholicism.  But it is amusing to see a horde of reviewers call this clever and thoughtful. Sorry folks, the film's troop of eccentric characters do very little to bail it out of its convoluted ramble about theology.   When it comes to intellectual muck-raking, the film with its doozy  loophole  simply drowns under the weight of diminishing returns. Religion is not an intellectual exercise, it's role is to fulfill spiritual, psychological and emotional needs in our lives. A person needs his world to make some sense to them, and religion can comfort with answers that science can not yet provide.  If on the other hand you're game for some tongue-in-cheek degenerative humor (for example, giant monsters of bubbling human excrement) sure, this may be right up your alley. Just make sure you have plenty of time as the circus goes on for a while.
 This was a DUMB movie no point ot it at all. A completely A list cat wasted in thie trash of a movie. on dvd no good extras rental only! 1 DOgma C-
 This movie would not have been so terrible if it was not supposed to be in line with the Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy series.  To those of us that truly enjoyed Clerks, there is no low budget elegance about this one.  There is no absence of the mainstream media explosion that you find in the other three (okay, maybe two, but we'll forgive Chasing Amy).  This movie may have ranked a four, but not tied to one of the best movie series ever.  It's like teats on a bull, it just don't belong.
 I loved Kevin Smith's first two movies Clerks and Mallrats. Chasing Amy was okay, but a little too much of a downer in the end.  Now get this, Dogma seems to be the movie that is the line in the sand for a lot of people. The majority of Clerks/ Mallrats fans didn't care much for Dogma, and vice-versa for the Dogma fans (but not completely, a good number of Dogma fans hadn't even heard of Smith's prior movies).  It's been said that this movie slams the church, but it's just a slanted view on Catholisism that hard liner religous fanatics might find offensive. A lot of the comedy in this movie THINKS that it's offensive. I remember bits on the news discussing Dogma's ramifications, but it all just felt like manufactured drama and debate to me (i.e. publicity stunt).  Throwing Jay and Silent Bob in the mix really messed up the flow and 'believability' of it all, especially when the first three movies had them tied together to a specific area.  What I don't get is where Smith got all this Hollywood clout. His previous films were good, but were cast with several before-they-were-stars. In Dogma, suddenly all these big names appeared in the credits, and would the general audience found the movie as good without the injected star-power? Did he make a deal with the devil?
 First of all...how did this film get made?  I mean, the actors don't even bother to act.  It looks like and sounds like a group of friends got together over one too many drinks and brainstormed this whole thing.  And good for them if they were able to get on the phone and convince a bunch of idiots to give them money to make it.  However, I think it's equally important to have a few drinks in you too in order to get the right buzz required to enjoy this film.
 On many levels,  Dogma  falls flat. The problem starts with filmmaker Smith's written intro. In this, he claims that  Dogma  isn't a ridiculing attack on Catholicism, but a mere insubstantial fantasy.  Yeah, right. If it's a fantasy, it needs to be outright  ha-ha   funny, with lots of imaginative wackiness throughout. It isn't. If it's a  satire attacking Catholicism, it needs to be incisively witty. It isn't.  Smith unsuccessfully tries for something between these two approaches. He  tries for humor solely through disrespecting Catholic beliefs. Lest you  think I'm a defender of Catholicism, you should know that I'm 100% atheist.  And I've never been Catholic, so I have no axe to grind. Smith is annoying  in his twisting and scrambling of Catholic dogma. You've heard of cafeteria  Catholicism? This is a Catholicism food fight! One shouldn't write like  this if one isn't an outright unbeliever. Work out your crisis of faith in  private, Smith, not by attacking your religion in theaters everywhere. If  Smith can still consider himself a good Cathloic after writing   Dogma,  then this in itself is a powerful refutation of  Catholicism. The extremely complicated plot-with lots of exposition from  the characters-is hardly worth following.  Dogma  has a poor  script. Attempts at realism are thwarted by it. Characters' genuine  questioning of God's purposes are met with no answers or worthless, trite  answers. It lacks the wit necessary to make a truly effective attack on  Catholicism. To be fair, I must say that all the actors gave superb  performances. They did the best they could with the weak script. Though  Carlin was miscast. He made it hard to accept the movie's initial premise.  Some criticize the movie's directing and editing. I found no problem there.  Any awkwardness can be traced back to the screwy theology and poor script.  If you really enjoyed this kind of apocalyptic comedy, allow me to  recommend the novel  Good Omens  by Prachett &amp; Gaiman. With  more skillful writing, this movie could have been a much more effective  satire of Catholicism. This atheist gives  Dogma  a big  thumbs-down.
 I thought 'Clerks' was somewhat a charming, if poorly acted, first film. Realistic setting with OK dialogue.... got a laugh out of Silent Bob, so I figured that 'Dogma' would be a nice leap forward for Smith with its big-name stars and what-not. Turns out that this guy released the single most WORDY film I've ever sat through. It's like listening to anything off of Springsteen's first two albums where he crams in about 200 words per verse ( Blinded by the Light ) Suffering from aural fatigue after viewing this film, I high-tailed it to an abandnoded campground in upstate New York and entered into a vow of silence for one week. No words spoken, none heard. I was tired of the words that every character in 'Dogma' had to constantly utter whenever they were on screen. My creative writing prof in college always told us to  show don't tell .  Too bad Smith couldn't follow this simple rule.
 This was a generally mediocre movie.  I really want these guys to succeed, and everyone from Boston needs to see everything they make. However, this movie begins with some modest promise and pokes fun at  institutions that need to laugh more about themselves. It is fair to be  critical of the Catholic Church, especially when it is a silly premise like  the Church's efforts to become  more hip  and modern. But the  whole thing dies is in the abstractions created with characters like  Alanis. I wondered, was this movie written for the cameos or was it  destined for purgatory from the get-go. Clerks, Chasing Amy and Mall Rats  fans will love to see the usual suspects...but thats just not enough to  keep your interest. Chris Rock does a fine job but he cannot carry the plot  with his angry 13th Apostle routine. He plays well off of the other  characters but ultimately loses. Ben and Matt are cool but seem to be  trying too hard. Maybe comedy isn't where they perform the strongest. All  is forgiven. A forgettable film.
 OK, so get this
 Well, yes
 I went into Dogma with relatively high hopes.  After all, the team of Affleck and Damon seemed relatively intelligent, relatively imaginative, and successful enough to push something original past the studio types.  I was wrong.  Dogma is a cynical, self-important little film that takes on big topics.  But unlike inspired, creative films that often hold up well in such fights, Dogma is like a frail, blind tabby in a cat fight.  It's so busy tripping over topics and ideas that can't get its paws on, that you want to turn your eyes away in embarassment. The worst part of Dogma is the odd preachiness of it, as if some half-baked philosophy major is trying to explain the Truth to you after a half-dozen Amaretto sours at the college pub.  You can almost imagine the sophmoric sessions where such  great  ideas surfaced, including the  inspired  decision to to cast George Carlin as a Cardinal.  ( He's Catholic, man!  Do you get it?  You should hear his early albums where he talks about Catholic school!  How cool is that!  Wouldn't it be awesome if ... )  That's one of the problems with Hollywood.  Filmmakers are a bright, iconoclastic lot in general, but they usually are neither well-read nor particularly insightful.  And maybe that is appealling to the large group of 18 to 35 year olds who wouldn't know Erasmus if he hit them over the head with a lectern.  But for anyone looking for a genuine, intelligent satire about organized religion, skip this and get The Meaning of Life.
 This movie is about a seriel killer that tries to get his victims to kill themselves or someone else. Unique idea, but the story - although not much of one - doesn't hold up.  I won't ruin the ending, but if you ever see it, you'll be a little mad because it ends up making most of the movie nonsensical and preposterous. Instead of making the serial killer into something believable, he ends up being something like a Jason or a Freddie.  Based on how this movie ended, you can almost guarantee they'll be a sequel that I'll be sure to miss.
 I expected to be entertained, frightened, and disturbed by this film.  Instead, I was bored, disappointed, and disgusted.  You can get better violence in any action movie; you can get a better psychological thrill from 'Silence of the Lambs' or even a cheesy sci-fi like 'Event Horizon'; you get more plausibility out of 'Lord of the Rings'. At least Lord of the Rings doesn't pretend to be reality.  In 'Saw', the film's apparently omiscient, omnipotent, and short sightedly self-righteous 'Jigsaw Killer' sets ridiculously contrived and unnecessary traps for his victims. That's pretty much it. Maybe he's a surviving henchman from some old Bond film?  There are a dozen points in the movie when an intelligent person says, "Wait, why would they do that? and the movie loses all its plausibility. The characters act and interact in ways that only the most unintelligent and illogical people would; in order for the plot to progress as it does, the screenwriters throw one deus ex machina after another at you.  I can only take so many absurd twists and revelations before realizing that I got swindled. If you were thrilled by this idiotic film... kudos, I'm glad you don't feel gypped. That makes one of us, at least.
 A great many people, it would appear, hold the film "Saw in high regard. It was at the behest of numerous co-workers and friends that I finally ran out with my spouse and snagged a rental of this rather curious title. While I can certainly credit the film for taking a fresh route so completely unorthodox and visually arresting, I still must conclude that I found the whole thing rather lacking.  The concept of two people struggling to solve the puzzle of why they were abducted and squared away together with the threat of death looming over their heads could, and should, have been handled with far greater care and intelligence. Having already seen David Fincher's far superior "Seven, I could not bring myself to connect with anything this film had to offer. It was nothing more than a carbon-copy of so many other better films and didn't really seem to have any valid point. I think that is what hurts this film the most, aside from the fact that Danny Glover and Cary Elwes were totally miscast. The writing, in some areas, is so bad that you wonder how the script was ever approved. Key points in the film offer golden opportunities for Glover's character to end Jigsaw's murderous campaign. But he winds up dropping the ball in a manner no real authority figure ever would. The ending is a particular disappointment, because it foolishly leaves the door wide open for a highly unnecessary sequel when it honestly didn't have to.  "Saw does have a good concept, like I said. But the overall execution of the material left me cold and frustrated. To this moment, I still do not understand why it receives such over-rated hype. To each their own, I suppose.
 When the credits rolled at the end of Saw, I almost laughed at how  preposterous and desperate this movie is. There are so many disconnects in logic and narrative throughout this movie but they are only apparent in retrospect, when the movie ends and you are shown what was "really going on. First of all, the villain is first seen as an incapacitated patient with an inoperable brain tumor, but we are expected to believe that he can find the time, money and energy to organize and engineer the monumentally complicated traps in which he places his victims. And, no, you can't fake the neurological, opthalmological and laboratory manifestations of a brain tumor, and you sure as hell can't fake a massive brain tumor on your own MRI scan, so don't tell me this was all just part of the villain's plan. It's bogus and nonsensical.  I mentioned the complicated traps. I mean they are WAY complicated. Every detail, every contingency, every nuance has been anticipated and thought out to the ten thousandth degree. The planning, the execution, the timing, the physical construction of the settings for the traps..hell, it would take months if not a year to put all this together. It simply rings false. It is not believable, and this inability to believe and trust in the story contaminates the viewer's enjoyment of the film. Now we come to a plot device that the writers fall back on several times during Saw, the "slow acting poison. We are asked repeatedly to believe that the characters are acting as they do because they believe they have ingested "slow acting poison. They act completely irrationally, violently, and become all caught up in these mega-complex scenarios all because they believe they are dying from "slow-acting poison"? Doesn't anyone  go to the Emergency Room? Sorry, slow acting poison sounds like a lazy plot device from a second-rate high school play, not the engine that drives a major motion picture.  Now, let's talk about the acting. Bad. Embarrassingly, amateurishly bad. Sometimes, especially when the actor who plays the doctor is speaking, the acting literally struck me like a satire of bad acting. I half-expected him to wink at the camera.  Dammit, you may ask, why can't I just relax, suspend my critical faculties, and simply enjoy the movie for what it is, instead of condemn it for what it isn't? Here's why. This ain't that kind of movie. Yeah, when I watched the Exorcist, or the Omen, or the Shining, yes, those movies don't pretend that they are based in gritty reality and don't depend on our familiarity with serial killers, religious psychopaths and other wingnuts in order to obtain their scariness. This movie,like Seven, is grounded in the fact that the audience knows there are really creepy people in the world, and it is this connection with our own reality that is supposed to give the movie its power. Seven succeeded. This movie, however, fails. We can't suspend disbelief, like we do when we watch the Shining, but we are still jarred into disbelief by preposterous plot elements and wretched acting. The viewer is stuck, unable to believe, unable to suspend disbelief, waiting for the credits to roll. It's like drinking slow acting poison.
 ...we're all in some serious trouble.  As a huge fan of horror films for years, I was very excited to (finally) see "Saw when it made it out on DVD. A compelling sereal killer, some graphic violence, that creepy laughing clown ... how could you go wrong?  For starters, the acting is awful. It's sad to watch Cary Elwes absolutely mail in a performance like this - he had such verve and charisma in "The Princess Bride, but here he seems very ill-suited and even a little bored. Leigh Whannell is only slightly more convincing as his cell-mate. Danny Glover is Danny Glover. He's an effective character actor, and he could have been used to much greater effect here.  Then the directing. This might just be my personal taste, but the nonstop MTV type sound blurts and quick-cut camera effect is badly overused in many movies, and it seems particularly inappropriate for the horror genre. It's been done before, and in "Saw it manages to crush any atmosphere or suspense.  And finally, the plot. "Saw clearly draws its inspiration from "Seven, with a little bit of "Silence of the Lambs, "The Cell and "The Usual Suspects thrown in for good measure. The movie makes the mistake of being far more clever than it needs to be - tacking on badly contrived and unlikely twists to an already shaky plot.  Note to Hollywood directors
 I decided, after watching "SAW 3 this weekend, to give this movie another look-see, to re-evaluate and check if my original thoughts had changed over the past three years. Nope.  "Saw is a hack-job of a movie, cribbed from superior scripts like "Se7en and "The Cube, where victims get lured into totally illogical situations in some psychopath's attempt at teaching them a lesson. But "Saw completely lacks "The Cube's fascist police state backdrop or "Se7en's gruesome moral bent. Instead, two random men, (writer/director Leigh Whannel and Cary Elwes) are trapped in some music video concept of a warehouse bathroom with a dead man, gun and tape deck between them. And things go downhill from there.  Cary Elwes' acting is so strident that he becomes funny by the final act, as he simply just doesn't have the chops to portray that madness he's succumbing to. Danny Glover - obviously slumming it - turns into a hysterical twit as time rolls on. Whannel is so cardboard that you need only to look at his other credentials to understand how he got his part. Dialogue is beyond corny. And that's just the actors.  When you get to the script, the continuity is howlingly laughable. Men step from bathtubs and are dry. Items removed from water are also dry. Blood appears on victim's clothing and disappears. And in one of the most hysterically ridiculous gaffs in modern movies, a truck involved in the chase scene changes MODELS by the end of the chase!  OK so I sat through the whole thing two times. But the movie's concept is relatively slick - enough to lure in scared patrons to two sequels and make Tobin Bell's Jigsaw one of the better movie villains in recent horror genres. (Incidentally, I feel "Saw 2 to be the best of the three films, and "Saw 3 a shade better than the original if only by benefit of better budget and better acting.) But if you take your horror/suspense movies seriously, you'll understand just how "Scary Movie 4 made hash out of "Saw with barely an effort.
 This film is far from being one of the scariest movies (ever). Whether you do not care about the plot and acting and you just want to enjoy, take it. However, if you want to see a good made Horror movie, I'm afraid Saw's not for you. The acting is bad (That Adam guy - God bless him, I laughed my head off every time he opened his mouth), the plot doesn't make sense and there's nothing psychological in it or whatsover. It's here where Saw fails and makes you laugh insted of being scared. It's not that is a horrible movie, but watching it, you just don't care much. Well, I didn't anyway. The story wasn't shown in a credible way so you could have the chance to sympathize with the characters.
 Perhaps one would need to see the whole movie to make this decision.  I couldn't.  I've never had a strong stomach.  I love thrillers, abhor horror.  The difference is that horror relies on splatter, thrillers on playing with your mind.  I thought this movie was more thriller than horror when I rented it.  If it was truly in the vein of Seven, then the movie really wouldn't be overtly graphic.  It would just be outrageously disturbing.  Disturbing is fine.  That's why Seven and Identity are a couple of my more favorite movies.  They are psychologically disturbing without offending your visual sensibilities.  I was hoping Saw would be that way.  I think this is a movie that will appeal to many people.  If you like horror, or if gore doesn't bother you, this movie has a great premise and some decent acting.  (If you rent this movie hoping for some redeaming message, stay away.)  For me, though, the movie was so relentlessly brutal that I just couldn't watch it all.  So, if you're like me and you enjoy movies that play with your mind and not your eyes, stay away from this movie.  If you're the kind of person that likes your mind and eyes being played with, you'll probably enjoy the movie.
 What can I say about SAW other than the acting in this film was atrocious!  I mean, it was laughably bad.  The guy that plays Adam can't say anything without cracking me up.  And chubby Cary Elwes is the epitamy of pompousness, every word he says sounds forced as well.  I know the above sentences don't flow very well but I'm a bit pissed.  I had high hopes for this film and feel so wronged after finally having seen it.  The premise is very intriguing
 I have to say that I am very disappointed with the way Saw turned out. I have been waiting for a long time for this movie to come out and I was let down. For one the acting was horrible, the screen play wasn't great and it just wasn't scary, at all. The whole movie looked low budget, which it was, but they could have done a better job with it. The only redeeming things about the movie are the premise, which is great, and the ending, which had a twist. Other then that, not good, if you want to see it, wait till DVD, it not worth seeing in theaters, I'm sad to say.
 The Bottom Line
 This has got to be one of the most frustrating movies that I've seen in a long time.  What mother would let a man put a gun to her child's head and then hesitate to kill him when she finally gets the gun in her possession?  I found myself yelling at her to shoot him a million times and I don't even have to tell you what happened next because it was far too predictable.  I was still angry after watching it because I know in real life that nobody could be so stupid.  There are far better suspense thrillers out there to watch and I'm upset that I had wasted my money on this one!
 Two men wake up in a scuzzy and awful looking bathroom with chains and ankle bracelets on them attached to pipes. They dont know why they are there until they find 2 tapes and a recorder on a dead guy in the middle of the room. So, there's a sadistic loony killer called The Jigsaw Killer out there who loves to play games with his victims and has them play in dangerous scenarios involving barbwire, bear traps and fire. Soon. Doctor Gordon, played by Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride, Robin Hood Men In Tights) and the other man Adam, played by Leigh Whannell find out why they are there....they find 2 saws and to get out they cant saw threw the chains, but their legs to get loose. Some very creative moments with the suspense a very creepy looking clownlike doll on a toy bike and the surprise ending is the only thing that keep this at bay. The acting in here is subpar with Danny Glover (The Lethal Weapon Movies, Bopha!) wasted as a cop on the case, Monica Potter (Along Came A Spider, Head Over Heels) as Elwes' wife and Cary Elwes is so-so though he kinda gets ridiculous at the end where he saws threw his leg. Not for the squeamish and it's really dumb to see some scenes where they go into fast motion (example...car chase scene). Also starring Tobin Bell (THe Pelican Brief), Benito Martinez (TV'S The Shield) and Ken Leung (Rush Hour, AI
 With the opening scene a mix of fear and panic, as two men realize they're both chained to pipes, with a dead man in the middle of a puplic sewer bathroom, it isnt long before... Before um...  I watched this movie in the theatre, and again when it came out on DVD, i have no idea why i saw it again. For starters, why did they call it "saw ? Did they think just because of a vague reference, they could get away with it? Well... According to a few reviews, apparently they did. But they didn't get by me.  The movie revolves around a serial killer who throws puzzles at his victims in which case with a lot of luck, will power, and the will to live, they could get through. The premise is, he doesn't kill people, he just forces them to kill themselves... It isn't all that. Good premise, bad writing of it.  First of all, I don't take much issue with the name so much, as I take issue with the sheer stupidity of the writer who came up with this thing. I'll give them one star for originality, and one star for good cosmetic effects, the rest just isn't there.  For starters, from the way the storyline [if you can call it that] is given, you can tell an amateur wrote the script and therefore, they should have made the story a little better, or wrote it a little more believable.  For instance, the hack saws the two men get [maybe that's why they called it saw]. They have six hours to live, and they give up sawing through the chains after ten seconds... Record time for stupidity. Ok, ill give the one who broke his a break, but the other one who remained calm, could have gotten out if he sawed instead of jabbered. This was a huge turn off for me, and thus, the rest was just a bit of mindless plot that seemed to just be added at the last minute. Almost as if they were making it up as they went along.  Let's be realistic, if any intelligent human being were in that situation, sure, we'd be afraid, but with so much time and a hack saw [let alone a doctor who must have learned patience during his 10 years in school]... we wouldn't be so stupid as the two men were. Since most of the story revolves around them, I don't give any sympathy to the characters.  As for the movie itself, it had a few really cool scenes of people in hopeless situations, and a few jaw dropping views of solid gore, but once you got used to it... it wasn't anything special.  If more thought went into this movie, and maybe they actually tried to make the name make sense, it might have been a good movie. But inevitably, since we're watching two morons talk to each other for 2/3s of the film...  it is rather boring.
 OK! i'll be the 1st to say i wanted to see this movie more than anyone and me and about 8 friends went opening night all worked up into a frenzy over this supposidly horrorfying movie...it did absolutely NOTHING for me. It wasnt a total waste of the 8$ i spent to see it (the 2 scenes where the girl with long black hair came out of the guys car, and attacked him in the closet ((closely resembling the grudge)) were very good and the death scenes at the begining were good ((the barbed wire and glass)) yes, this movie had the potential to be something much more) i shuttered about 3 times and the rest of the time i found myself laughing at the total idiocity of this movie! This is one of the could have, would have, and should have movies...  It wasnt THAT bad...but i dont plan on renting or owning it any time soon...
 I was told by one of my friends that this film was ''the best movie ever''. Now , because my friend is one of the most intelligent people i know , i thought to myself ''wow , this must be really good...'' , so i went out and watched it. Well , at first it started off promisingly enough  , a gritty , disturbing scene with 2 men in a hellish situation. From there it goes quite well , suspense and mystery build up reasonably , and the viewer sits there in awe wondering about how the men will get out of the situation they are in , and who is the person responsible. However , things begin to get lame as the finale gets closer , and then finally , there's the famous ''Twist''. This ''twist''is actually the dumbest twist i have seen im a movie for as long as i can remember. Forget comapring it to the twist in ''The 6th sense'' , its not even in the same league. I read another review that compares ''Saw'' to the masterful and classy ''Audition'' , sorry to say , but that comparison is ridiculous. All i say is this , when the ''twist'' happens , just think to yourself , ''How?''. Once that question is asked , the film falls apart. And im not talking about the doctor either , im talking about all the other victims. How on earth did the killer find them? How did he get their details ? Was it that the killer just picked people at random and then they just happened to be people that wasted their lives? For the killer to pick them , he would have had to research them . How did he research them?? Seriously , c'mon , dont even try to say that its a horror film and that plot holes dont matter , because they do. This film is nowhere near as good as people make it out to be. Its amateurish at best , and the twist is pathetic.  Its really a waste of time.
 I have never written a review before, but given the recent group of horror/thriller movies, so called anyway, I was compelled to speak my mind.  I am a horror movie fan, have been for as long as I can remember, love the dark horror to the more cult type hits.  Anyway, SAW is not for everyone, especially those expecting to be scared or disturbed.  Mind you, there were some scenes to will disturb if you are easily disturbed, but in all it was not a major step forward in the horror/thriller genre.  If you have seen SEVEN then you have seen SAW!  Plus, a little of THE CELL thrown in there.  Cary Elwes was his typical self, which unfortunately is not really suited for horror movies.  I found it hard to believe he was actually concerned with his situation.  Chained to a pipe in a bathroom with another guy chained to a pipe across the room, Leigh Whannell, who was more believable as a victim then Cary who seems just kind of ho-hum about it.  It seemed to me that he was just shooting the scenes to get his check, which is unfortunate because I like him as an actor.  When your star, Cary Elwes, is out done by a mechanical doll and a little girl, Cary's on-screen daughter, then you have a problem.  The loose thread that tied them and all the other characters together was ready to completely let go about half way through.  Danny Glover, what happened to the Lethal Weapon star?  Starts as a cop who is searching for Jigsaw and just falls apart.  Your typical cop who is obsessed with catching the killer, who has a partner who isn't as obsessed, you can guess what happens to the partner, snaps, goes vigilante cop.  We see him investigate a couple of Jigsaw's murder victims, but it is more like who really cares?!  I saw, no pun intended, those murder types in SEVEN and done better I might add.  The scene where the female victim who had escaped from Jigsaw was the best part of the movie. You actually cared at that point. She explains the contraption that was on her head and what she had to do to survive, see the movie if ya wanna know, I'm not gonna spoil it for ya.  The freaky little mechanical doll was also a nice touch. But once we go back to the two guys chained to pipes in a bathroom, you just don't care.  All the scenes when finally produced and put together seemed to be a patchwork of edited parts.  You put the dead guy scene here, the freaked out guy scene here, a screaming little girl scene, a weird mechanical doll scene here, and shake it all about, you do the movie making and you turn a profit now, that's what it's all about!! Sorry.  And the ending, well, let's just say...So what!!  It felt to me like the script was written with a lot of holes in it and they filled those in is as they shot the movie and just said, "Well what do we do for an ending?  When it ends, your just wondering "What the hell? Why is he so pissed at these people?  These questions are answered, but it just felt like the killer's identity was decided on after they shot most of the movie. This movie could have been much much better, but it's attempt at a SEVEN type scare, just wasn't there.  Also, the director loves to use the fast motion effect, but it was way to abused.  I gave it 2 stars because of the dark settings, mood and the odd contraptions that Jigsaw used were innovative, but all the dark settings and weird contraptions can not make up for a weak story line.  I was more freaked out by the flying monkeys in WIZARD OF OZ.
 I saw this in distribution. I actually had to turn my head at certain points. This, along with Trent Reznor's soundtrack made for a great splatter flick. I thought the uncut version could only be better.....WRONG. It is not nearly as tense and nerve-racking as the theater version. Plus, they have replaced Reznor's soundtrack with something else. In this case, the orginal was much better. Be warned!
 Acting
 There were some things that didn't make sense in this movie. For starters, the Asian cop who was killed in that house of horrors. You would think there would be a major criminal investigation in that place. But no. Nothing. And why did they go alone instead of calling for backup? That didn't make sense. Another thing, we're to believe these people are being put through all this because of something bad they've done in their lives but the two main characters in the film who are chained up have done nothing wrong. The doctor was going to have an affair but he didn't. The other guy who works at the hospital...well there weren't any questions answered about him. I can't bring up the biggest problem in the movie without giving the ending away. All in all, the movie was all right. I liked the set up but it lacked suspense and the plot just didn't make sense.
 I thought the story itself was really good and really interesting, however, I thought the acting was lacking. It did have some intense and suspenseful moments, but not as many as I was hopping for. I also wasn't scared at all, which really suprised me seeing as how the commercials looked really spooky. All in all I was very disappointed!  I did like how the movie ended, though.
 This movie has a great plot but as it was one of the first released titles on Blu-Ray it has poor picture quality.  If you want to show off your new blu-ray player try to get some of the more recently released titles as they have much better picture quality.
 OK, other reviewers have eruditely dissected the basic contrivances and joys or dissapointments found within, so I'll cut to the chase as this seems like a film you'll either find clever or absolutely loathe. Give yourself 1 point for every statement you agree with in the quiz below
 I went to go see SAW with high expectations and thought I'd leave the theatre with chills!!  ..That's not the case. Although it gets off to a good start and does have its creepy moments (such as the elaboration on the situations of the Jigsaw Killer's victims)and the moment where the saws are discovered... But what ultimately killed this movie for me was the horrible acting displayed by the actor playing the doctor (one of the victims trapped). That and the fact that (***SPOILER***) there were two instances where the kidnapper could've easily been killed...those two scenes I found utterly ridiculous because the victims allowed the killer to live.  Just don't set your expectations high for this kind of film. The acting's cringe-wrothy, as is the car-chasing scene with Danny Glover and the Jigsaw Killer's apprentice..
 When I first heard the concept several months ago, I was left under the impression that this was a one-room, high-octane character drama in the same vein as the wonderful CUBE. Very excited, I was.  Obviously the trailer reveals that it's not all set in the same filthy subterranean room, but I saw this on opening night, without exposure to the marketing, so my expectations were high.  Adam and Lawrence wake up chained to the pipes on either side of an anonymous bathroom, with a dead body sprawled between them. They soon come to learn (through the cassettes addressed to each of them and the dictaphone in the dead man's hand) that they are the latest victims of the 'killer' the media has dubbed Jigsaw. Serial sadist and morbid genius, Jigsaw drugs and abducts individuals who he deems worthy of participation in his experiments. He places people in suitably ironic kill or be killed situations. Either Adam kills Lawrence, Lawrence kills Adam, or they're left there to rot together.  The story is told in a series of expository flashbacks, revealing characters and their contrived relationships piece by piece. Heralding plot twist after plot twist, each one more convoluted than the last.  In order to facilitate the showcasing of the numerous elaborate deaths that befell Jigsaw's previous victims, we are presented with a totally superfluous cop character (Danny Glover). A man whose obsessive desire to apprehend Jigsaw and avenge his partner has cost him his job. A walking genre clich&eacute;, basically.  What struck me as most odd was the direction during the death scenes. The camera sweeps 360 degrees around the room, edited into a hyperkinetic seizure, and thrash metal plays while the victims attempt to escape their predicament in super-fast motion. It's weird. Not to mention totally contrary to the mood inherent to that gloomy, psychotic subject matter. (However, the scene involving the reverse bear-trap and the key in the dead man is brilliantly realised, I admit.)  The film is gorier, louder and less intelligent than SE7EN (to which it owes its existence), and has brought the cycle of 'serial killers with gimmicks' movies - that Fincher's masterpiece started and THE BONE COLLECTOR was thought to have limply concluded - to its ridiculous, overblown nadir. I can't conceive of someone reacting with anything other than a groan when they throw that one final pathetic twist at you - evidently they are, though. It's getting rave reviews.
 This movie was very run of the mill. Unless you still think speeding up the camera and fast editing are cutting edge, It reminds me of recent MTV videos. The worst part was the acting, I love the princess bride guy (Cary Elwes) but man was he bad, to his credit some of the lines he was given were absurd. The Writer of the movie (who played opposite him) was actually pretty good, but i guess its becuase i knew he wasnt a real actor so i gave him some slack. The movie starts out good enough, but it never ever hit the stride that told me it was going to be a hit, or even a cult hit. Maybe i should have given it 3 stars but i gave it 2 because i had to counter all those people who gave it 5 stars (The Godfather deserves 5 stars, not SAW!) Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd could easily have been cast. Oh, And i do get the point of the movie, although it still does not help.
 This is a movie about a cereal killer with a voyeristic [...] The movie was a great idea, but the story wasn't thought out very well. There are holes in the plot you could drive a Semi-truck through. The antagonist is a very good actor, but the other actors are deffinitly lacking. Poor lighting, aparently designed to be "spooky", makes some scenes unbearable to watch. I don't know what movie some other reviewers were watching, but it seems we watched diffrent films. I think people were sucked in because the plot and or mystery was not predictable, but a mystery that doesn't make any sense is no mystery, it's a confusing story that shouldn't be told. For a really good mystery the viewer should be given the chance of figuring out the mystery as the story developes. Saw did none of that. There was no way to figure out what was going on or who was doing it while the story was unfolding. Stay away from this movie (a series now that Saw2 is out). If you want an excellent mystery/plot-twister try The Usual Suspects or The Sixth Sense or even the 80's flick Clue was better than this theatrical roadkill of a movie. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is that I believe very few movies have absolutly no entertainment value. Saw did have some decent gore/bloody scenes worth checking out. If you must buy this film at least show some brains and buy it from Amazon.
 to me this movie looked great in the previews and I always enjoy horror movies that critics give bad ratings to. But I agree with them this time. At first I thought I was going to sleep with the light on until I saw the ending. THE ENDING IS....... THERE ISN'T A REAL ENDING JUST A VICTIM BEING LOCKED IN A DARK ROOM. If you want to see a scary movie this isn't one to see unless you only like to watch the beginning of movies
 I was sure that it would be really scary; however I was wrong. It is one of those movies which do not raise your heartbeat and do not have any real special effects. You can buy it maybe for your DVD collection, bout do not pay too much.
 Ever rented a scary movie, expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear, and instead ended up howling in laughter at each and every stupid turn of the plot?  This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare the viewer.  I feel like Saw tried to follow Se7en's incredibly fascinating psychological theme, but failed miserably in doing so.  I was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of the killer. The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller; believe me, it is far from that.  I didn't understand, or care, why any of the characters were acting the way they did; or what was going to happen to them. What was Adam's lesson that he was supposed to learn? Yes, the doctor needed to be there, but what was Adam's crime? Maybe I just missed something.
 The original Saw opens up with an interesting premise. Two guys wake up in a room together...no, it's not that kind of movie! They're both chained to the wall and given a...wait for it, wait for it...SAW! Through the course of the film they have to follow various clues in order to find a way out of the room. There is also a countdown they have to worry about.  The writers aren't able to make this premise fully work, and are forced to resort to flashbacks and a side story involving Danny Glover. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. First, because the flashbacks allow us to see Jigsaw's, the mysterious villain, more elaborate traps. Second, because you just can't complain when Murtaugh is on screen.  The Jigsaw traps are clever, and involve barbed wire, someone getting burned to death, and a contraption that could potentially tear off someone's jaw. I won't get into too much detail for those of you who haven't seen this movie. I'll save the spoilers for later.  There's a lot of nitpicking you could do on the first two-thirds of the film. For example, the flashback are supposed to be told by one character but include things he never would have seen or known about, the camera effects are annoying, and the surviving victim has a really dumb line. I was able to ignore these because it was an interesting premise and had potential. However, I was unable to ignore the last third of the film which had some of the laziest screenwriting I've seen in a while.  **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler Alert** **Spoiler...oh, you get the idea.  Cary Elwes gets out of character at the end of the film. For most of the movie he's a calm and collected, but turns on the overacting button at the very end. This isn't all his fault because he has to sell certain actions that make no sense. Early in the film Elwes' character, Dr. Gordon, tells Adam, the other man in the room, to use his shirt to get an object out of reach. At the end of the film Dr. Gordon has to reach a cell phone in order to find out if his family is all right. Instead of following his own advice, he decides to cut off his own leg. I know everybody's been waiting for this the entire film, but does it have to be so contrived. The worst part is that he does take off his shirt, but instead of using it to get the phone he uses it as a tourniquet!  One of the big surprises of the film is that the man who we've been lead to believe is Jigsaw is in fact merely being used by Jigsaw. It turns out that Jigsaw has given him a poison and won't give him the antidote unless he follows his instructions. We've seen this character before as an orderly at a hospital. Let me repeat that
 No, please. This is blood in the name of suspense. This has gone really far.  Let's see. Is it NECESSARY to spoil a not bad plot with so much blood? I was really interested in what was the reason of such a game. I am giving two stars because the thing is original overall. But the interest is soon forgotten as you take more care in find out if some blood has splitted over you.  And this is not the only bad thing. It is very annoying to see Danny Glover in such an awful role. When actors are getting older they must have a decent job. It is simple
 As a rule, the odds of discovering a gem in an increasingly lackluster genre of horror are rather small.  More often than not, these hopefuls turn out to be shallow and laughable (to use an epithet so abhorred by the director of Ju-On on his commentary to the deleted scenes).  It is with great regret that I must inform all those curious souls who discern quality, that "Saw is pretty much glorified trash.  It was a shock to see Danny Glover take part in this production, and a shame that even in this obscure flick, his part was reduced to the elemental obsessive cop personality.  That, in turn, left much space for the horrendous "Westley (a memorable role in "The Princess Bride") to deliver most ridiculous lines and, nearing the dubious conclusion, incessant and annoying sobbing .  All in all -- don't bother.  As for some arcane comparisons to "Seven -- not even close.  The integrity of the cast and the filmmaking in the latter is far beyond "Saw's range, aside from the fact that "Seven came out some 10 years ago.  Better luck next time.
 This movie was not bad but it wasnet good either it's just there. The acting was really bad and I mean bad it's funny to watch them act becouse you dont believe them at parts and you want to tell them to get acting lessons. The story is ok about two men changed to the wall and they have to saw there arms or legs off to survive. The film has lots of pointless charactors and the film i found draged on at times. The film did have some disterbing and scary moments and the ending was pretty good. Overall it;s worth to watch once but it's not great or good and not as good as people where saying it was.
 O.k.  I love how hollywood pumps up the hype on all these lame  SO CALLED HORROR FLIMS! 2 guys in a room for a long time, Wow scary!! GO get SHAUN OF THE DEAD OR BUBBA HO-TEP! those are the only cool FUN movies out in a long time! Oh the new Texas chainsaw re-make was damn cool too.
 "Saw is a pretty turgid affair despite the quick-cut, snappy title sequence a la David Fincher. The great title sequence of "Saw is about the extent of the creative, adventurous juices on view in this film. And the actual director of this film, James Wan (what an appropriate name!) didn't have anything to do with the title sequence
 Firstly Yes the Movie Looked Excellent On the Trailer, But Like Lots Now adays, It the Old saying Great Trailer Bad Flim. The Review say Lots of Blood and Shocking Moments.. But after the First 10 Minutes, the Once Scary Movie turns into a Guy telling a Story about this serial Killers and few murders he did, Which ain't really scary at all...  If this Film Class as being shocking Or Blood fill, then I must of fell asleep when i was watching it.Unless you count Blood on the Floor as Gore.. Ok At the End there finally a Moment of Eyes closing when the Saw is Used, But that's 15 Seconds, All you see is a guy with a cloth in His Mouth..Coming to the End, i thought i was watching the usual suspects...........  If you want to watch a Thriller, then watch this...if you want to watch REAL HORROR MOVIE...Then WatchClassic *Silence of the Lambs..
 This movie looks totally stupid.  I agree with the other reviewers, this is just a lame wannabe version of SEVEN.  It tries and wants so hard to be "arty or "crazy that it just isn't.  Silence of the Lambs was better.  For a Halloween movie, Nightmare before Christmas is still much better.  This is like a lame, ridiculous stereotype of the genre.  Boo, indeed.  Just another attempt to squeeze money out of a Holiday while putting no real feeling into a film.
 At first I really enjoyed this movie but the last half was okay and the ending was so excrucitaingly awful I fealt like I wasted an hour and a half just for a stupid ending like that.
 The movie was what I expected. I needed to watch it for class, but I'm never wasting my money on Amazon Video again. It froze three or four times through the movie, and the quality of the video was really bad.
 Beautifully filmed, but utterly stupid in its meandering and dumb plot. I'd love to smack Kyle MacLachlan's character over the head about fifty times with a rubber mallet. He may well be the single most stupid and naive dolt in all of cinema and I'm not sure that Lynch meant to make him quite that stupid. Movie tries to be cool and creepy and weird ( Hey, small towns have strange people in them, too! ) Whoopee-stinkin'-doo, I say.  I had an acquaintance who used to say  I hate weirdness that exists for weirdness' sake only.  Now I know what he meant. Pass.
 Let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film should see "Blue Velvet on principle alone-- this review is intended for people who have seen it, and thus contains SPOILERS.  David Lynch's "Blue Velvet is that rare breed of film
 I loved Mulholland Drive so next on the "Lynch list for me was Blue Velvet. It started off with some interesting things happening but just sort of spun its wheels and rather abruptly ended with a pretty standard, pre-canned movie ending that took some steam out of it so to speak.  The acting was OK. Laura Dern looks damned young here...and, well, she was young here.  The problem is that her acting wasnt very polished. She has grown leaps and bounds since this so thats good.  Kyle McLauchlin was decent but he didnt have any or portray any of that small-town goodness which he needed to show more of to be more believable and to add a sense of "wow to this whole caper. Dennis Hopper was his usual obnoxious self.  He had some funny moments but became rather annoying towards the end as his crazy guy "act was becoming tiresome.  Isabella Rosellini is pretty hot and does a great job with a very tough role so hats off to her. She was easily the best character in the movie.  The plot grabbed me from the beginning but nothing really came of it. It just sort of built itself up and then dissolved into the same old stuff without much fanfare. I was expecting some more interesting twists (like Mulholland Drive) or at least a little deeper plot arc.  It never came though and before I knew it it was over and that was that. Nothing really notable or revealing here, just a pretty basic movie. I get the whole "Even in small-town USA there are crazy thing going on message but to be honest, maybe the film doesnt age well since nothing I saw was even that amazingly bad or disturbing. The "rape scene had its "ohhhhh moments but even that had some tongue-in-cheek(meant to be silly) antics which killed the "horror of it or the "disturbing nature of it.  Go ahead and try it out but I was rather underwhelmed by this effort and after the mind-blowing Mulholland Drive, this was mostly a let-down.  Only Recommended as a rental...
 Blue Velvet would be an interesting movie if it wasn't so confusing. As I watched it, I couldn't figure out what was going on. The whole plot itself  was a little weak, but the performances of Isabella Rossellini, Dennis  Hopper, and Laura Dern were great. Maybe it's just one of those movies that  you either love or you hate.
 Dennis Hopper is a Great actor, Kyle McLachlan is better than average.  But why they would agree to be in this weird, confusing movie is beyond me.  Why does Kyle sleep with Rosselini when he already has a girlfriend?  And  when he knows he could be killed at her house if Frank shows up?  Yes, this  was the weirdest movie I have ever seen, weirder than Existenz or a  Clockwork Orange.  I didn't think the plot was very developed, I though the  motivation for the characters' action went mostly unexplained, and I did  not understand why so many people love this movie...But if you do love it,  good for you - at least Lynch has made some people happy.  I am just  voicing my opinion, not putting down anyone who loves this film.  Like some  have said, this film is not for everyone.  I give it 2 stars (instead of 1)  because it was original, even though I didn't like it, and Dennis Hopper  was convincing as the villain.
 There are enough opinons about this movie to make it mandatory viewing for anyone who likes things a bit off center. It has interesting characters and visuals, but is short on plot and acting. Kyle McLachan and the rest of the cast are not very interesting to watch; Dennis Hopper is, but goes over the top to the point where his character is almost comical. Some satire going on here too, which not everybody "gets. Watch it once to see what all the fuss is about, but it's more something to render judgement on than to enjoy.
 I've lived in the suburbs all of my life, and I wouldn't live anywhere else. As I look back over the years, some neighbors were quirky and most experienced some form of difficulty in their lives, but most were very decent people. Was there a secret "dark underbelly to the 'burbs? Not really, except for the dads who hid Playboys in their offices, couples who divorced, and parents who aborted their unborn children, deemed "defective through amniocentisis.  In fact, as often as not, most people that I remember lived lives of quiet heroism, not desperation. Does this film reveal anything besides a diseased mind? None that I can think of. Like most celebrated modern artists, intellectuals, and writers, Lynch's work probably reflects his private vices more than any existing reality.  Sure, David Lynch can present intriguing, dark and mysterious images. But in the end they're just that, a string of intriguing, dark and mysterious images, ultimately leading nowhere. If the idea of walking through a dead-end labyrinth appeals to you, then you'll like this movie.
 To make a long story short-this movie is not a masterpiece, calling it that would be laughable.This is a mediocre film at best.There is nothing shocking or controversial or boundary breaking about it, as has been said.Truth to be told the film starts out intriguingly and you're actually thinking this is going to be a great movie, it is a little strange, but nevertheless convincing and even fascinating.This keeps up for about ten minutes, and then the film becomes a typical mystery with nothing new to offer.IN fact,only thanks to Dennis Hopper's convincing role as drug-addicted maniac Frank Booth, did I keep watching this.None of the other performances were convincing,and Isabella Rossellini was just pathetically laughable,her portrayl was completely overblown, and overacted.I know I'm going to get about 30 negative votes for this, but I could care less.One of the most unjustly overrated films of all time.Not to mention the ending was like something out of a Lifetime movie,yes that predictable and unnafecting.And I guess,if you're really bored one Saturday night you could rent this movie for mild distraction.That's all I got from it.See Mulholland DR. instead
 I saw Mulholland Dr, Dune, and Eraserhead,  and I was like  wow, David Lynch is a pretty crazy dude, I'll see Blue Velvet since everybody seems to call it his masterpiece.  Well, I found it to be much less than that.  One of the most common descriptions is  deeply disturbing.  Which part?? The only character that was remotely disturbing was Dennis Hopper, but that was it.  The dark underworld of midwestern suburbia . Oh yeah? He sure does get into the  dark underworld . Jeffrey gets driven in a car and punched in the face. Big deal.  The previous Lynch movies I saw really made you think. Trying to understand his movie plots in a logical fashion is futile, you have to think abstract. Well, not with this one. This movie just has a cliched murder/mystery plot with...a happy ending? What is this? This is not the Lynch I enjoy.  If you want a murder/mystery movie that really makes you think, see Mulholland Dr. That movie is incredible.
 Blue Velvet, adored by all gothics, S&M enthusiasts, and geeky, self-described (i.e., uneducated) 'film buffs,' leaves you with the same exasperation and puzzlement endemic to David Lynch films.  Proponents of Blue Velvet will tell you that it explores the 'dark side' of everyday life, what mainstream America doesn't really want to address...don't buy into it.  Lynch's vision cannot stand in for anything that most of us will ever experience, and its absurd exaggerations drive the point home.  Perhaps the problem is watching this movie with twenty years worth of perspective, or maybe it was always this mediocre; whatever the case, Dennis Hopper is more overdramatic than scary, and (again, as is the m.o. of Lynch) the plot is hardly satisfying.  The characters make irrational choices, with absolutely no explanation (why does Laura Dern suddenly forget that her new boyfriend has been sleeping with the psychotic woman they have been watching?).  The final scene is particularly troubling...not because it 'shakes the foundations of cinema and everyday life,' but because it plays out without any coherence (the shady detective standing in the apartment, with no explanation for why he is suddenly immobile?).  If you've seen Mulholland Drive or Lost Highway, you will not be surprised by the seemingly arbitrary confusion Lynch too often indulges.  Whereas other experimental filmmakers seem to have a point to make with their choices, one has the feeling that Lynch instead constructs a pseudo-mystery without bothering to let the audience ever understand.  In all fairness, at the time of Blue Velvet Lynch had not yet reached the stage of simply throwing unconnected and unexplained plot twists into his film; still, most viewers will be left wondering what the hell they just watched, and why it has been canonized in American cult-cinema.
 I love hoppers role in this movie, he is evil and twisted enough, but that's about as far as the good goes on this movie.  ..... I think the movie began aggravating me around the point when the sang the blue velvet song for the 20th time in the film (the whole thing) bunch of time killing if you ask me, as sign of a bad movie!! The character of hopper is enough to keep you watching this, and waiting to see what will happen next, but that's about is far as it goes, boring movie, stupid movie - because anyone else in this ladies situation would have done something to get out of the situation. Verdict
 This seemed really cool... A gettysburg doc. in HD...what could be better right??? Well jokingly i have said before that the only thing they got right with this film was the spelling of Gettysburg. I was discusted after 8 minutes of watching it. The HD was great dont get me wrong on that but the mis-facts were terrible. The film depicted the potential of taking culps hill in the middle of the day when the order was presented late at night in very dark pennsylvania. And the screwed with the names of the Generals during the first day of the battle... Overall it was terrible but I would not suggest buying it even though it is listed very cheap for blu-ray.
 I never thought that people designing a documentary would get basic facts incorrect but these people did. There were several inaccuracies regarding the Battle of Gettysburg. Probably too many to list and most wouldn't be appreciated except by Civil War buffs. The historical actors were stilted, especially in their dialogue. Oh and they used some questionable sources arguing the American Civil War was fought because of slavery. While that was certainly a sub factor there's a bigger scope as to how this war came about and anyone uninformed who chooses to watch this documentary will be severely misled. Don't buy it. WHEN WATCHED
 There are bank heist movies in which everything is meticulously planned. They have a detailed blueprint of the bank which they pore over. There's a steely-eyed safe cracker with a satchel full of sophisticated equipment. They rehearse the heist using a carefully constructed scale model. They synchronize their watches when the caper begins.  Well, that's not "High Life. This film has a lame-brained scheme involving ATM's. Hasty planning done in a morphine-induced haze. Three members of the four-man crew desperately need a shave, shower, and fumigation. The other guy is clean, too clean. (You'll have to suffer through it if you want to find out what that means.)  The film spends a lot of time pointlessly recreating 1983. There's a sickening mixture of slapstick humor and heartless violence. I wasted my time watching this. I'll give it two stars out of respect for the cast, which I feel did its best with what was some very poor material.
 I'm a world history teacher, and I am going to China later this summer for a three-week vacation/adventure. I spent a lot of time in my class covering Chinese history, so it was only natural that I would watch this. I enjoyed it a lot - but mostly because I was familiar with the basics of the material it covered. Otherwise, I would have been totally lost. The plot concerns how Sun Yat Sen and his followers fight a lot of battles to defeat the corrupt Qing dynasty and establish a Chinese republic. There's a little more to it, but not much. This is not really a martial arts movie, nor a real drama, but a curious mix of those things and a documentary.  What you get is a lot of hagiography about Sun Yat-Sen, and a lot of battles. The film is most certainly propaganda for the current regime in China, even it is somewhat veiled. Many historical figures are introduced and then. . . they disappear from view. I suspect a Chinese viewer would probably get a lot more out of it than a western viewer. The whole thing is rushed. Very, very little back story is given about either Sun OR the decline of the Qing dynasty. A better screenplay would have given us 20-30 minutes of crucial backstory, and the remainder would have had a much greater impact.  Fun to watch, but not great cinema.
 The movie starts with a failed battle in the Revolution. The reasons why the Qing dynasty is being deposed is not mentioned until later in the story and then only in abstract fashion. Much of the movie concentrates on overseas Chinese money funding the revolution as well as the attempts to stop foreign investors from loaning money to the Qing dynasty. This gives you a behind the scenes look at a revolution.  The movie was littered with patriotic slogans and noble causes to the point it interfered with the smoothness of the production as a historical piece into a modern Chinese patriot production. The message of the revolution is of self sacrifice for the good of the nation and don't forget to keep sending those dollars back home. I felt lost a few times during the film and that the producers of the movie had less historical integrity than an Oliver Stone film. The attempt to make heroes out of everyone who participated in the revolution was over done. I kept waiting for them to cut off the emperor's head and parade it through the streets and then I got really disappointed. Seems the Chinese are not French. I could never relate to the characters.
 "1911 is marketed as Jackie Chan's 100th film. I think there is no need to write about the outstanding career and incredible life story of the star (who acts as a co-director here). What I have to say is that he is just part of the ensemble cast in this Chinese historical drama. If you are looking for his martial arts action, this is not your film.  Those who are interested in the modern history of China know that 1911 is the year of the Xinhai Revolution that overthrew the Qing Dynasty. Not being an expert on Chinese history, I have only limited knowledge about the revolution. Still, I can say "1911 is beautifully shot and largely well-acted ... and feels like reading a textbook.  I'm sorry to say this, but with all respect to Jackie Chan, co-director Li Zhang (his first feature) and those who are involved in making the film, "1911 is boring, devoid of compelling narrative. Winston Chao plays a revolutionary Sun Yat-sen. Jackie Chan portrays Huang Xing, his friend and also a military commander. With a casual research through the internet, you will learn a few things about their dramatic life stories. The film is very serious and earnest (not a bad thing in itself), but fails to present the dramatic aspect of their life.  Featuring a huge cast of characters including the Empress Dowager Longyu (Joan Chen) and Huang Xing's wife Xu Zonghan (Bingbing Li), the film is often rushed. In spite of large-scale battle sequences, the film lacks emotional impact, suffering from its uneven pace and chronologically and geographically confusing narrative.  In conclusion, "1911 needs more time and a better script to be what it strives to be, an emotionally charged historical epic.
 I just watched this on Netflix - well most of it - and was disappointed.  I like historical movies and Jackie Chan but it was very difficult to keep up with this film, much less have an understanding of what was happening. It took me a few minutes to realize that the Chinese characters and English subtitles on the sides of the screen were to identify the participants, not the actors, mostly because I was trying to keep up with the dialogue subtitles.  Then the screen started displaying more and more information - descriptions of the timeline and actions.  Now, I am an avid reader and have a decent reading speed but I just could not keep up with three separate groups of text running simultaneously with the action.  The acting seemed decent, the production values great but I felt like I should have read a book first.  My memories of this time period in China from World History classes are 40+ years old. Finally turned it off.
 While this film did somewhat show that Jackie Chan is a very good actor and the photography was exceptional, it proved to be too disjointed to be,concerning the subject,"entertaining". Whoever selected the cast went out of their way to find an "American that either was naturally pathetic or was inclided to betray American's as pathetic. The first hint this was a Chinese Comm. propaganda film was the reluctance to show the revolutionary army's battle flag fully extended. The very last line in the film claimed the whole revolution was the effort of the Communists who,truth be told, did not exist for many years after the fact and had no role in 1911. This may be the reason it seemed so much was cut out. Perhaps the ChiComms deleted all materiel' that was contra to thier propaganda. The quality of the sets and the action scences are first-rate, however. The effort,on a whole,resulted in a waste of time and money when anything Jackie Chan and/or Joan Chin should be at least worth otherwise.
 Interesting historical subject matter, good production values, but ... blatant Chinese communist propaganda.  According to the film, the Qing dynasty was corrupt, and therefore had to be taken down.  Only then could freedom, peace, and prosperity break out in China.  And the work did not end with the 1911 revolution; it was continued by the communist revolution some decades later.  Apparently the communists carried forward the spirit of the 1911 revolution and brought about the "rejuvenation of the state".  The revolutionaries were virtuous, those who died were martyrs, their work was glorious, etc. etc. etc.  Read some history books and check out communist China's human rights record, and you'll get an idea of the communist version of freedom, peace, and prosperity.  Then watch the movie and enjoy a glimpse of a unique piece of world history - and a taste of communism at work in the present.
 Purely a propaganda film and, while beautifully filmed and mostly well acted (with some exceptions among the American characters), doesn't rise above being a propaganda film.
 I like Karen Voight's more recent videos, so I decided to give this one a shot. I've been doing the Firm for quite a while and I was looking for something a little more advanced. I didn't really find that here.  You need to buy ankle and thigh weights, but the squats and such are done without weight.  The repetition without weights did make it challenging -- more so than I expected.  Unfortunately, they've crammed too many people into the workout space, and they are all dressed in brilliant 80's colors. The music is also pretty 80's (weird sax--those who were around will recognize it when they hear it).  Karen's instruction is quite good and this tape is effective. Despite her talent, however, this isn't one of her best.
 In the Spring of 1974 Director Terance Young and company came to Oroville, California to film the Klansman. The locals were excited to have a big studio film made in the small town. However, when it opened at the State Theatre in Oroville, there was widespread horror. The film included a castration, an attempted rape and two rapes, plus a whole lot of racial comments and some god-awful acting. You would have thought that Richard Burton would have done well with his acting, but he was one of the worse. He was drunk and chasing an under-age girl for most of the shooting schedule and could not seem to handle the southern accent. (This may have been the incident that destroyed his and Liz Taylor's marriage.) Lee Marvin, Cameron Mitchell, Lola Falana and a few others did well in their acting but the script shot them down. It was full of racial stereotypes that probably set back racial relations for the next 100 years. (This was OJ Simpson's first film.) I was there in 1974 and saw a lot of the shooting of the movie. It's only redeeming value to me is the fact that it showed a lot of areas of Table Mountain, Cherokee, Oroville and Sugarloaf Mountain (75 miles north of Sacramento in Northern California). The scenery is beautiful but the movie is awful. There are many scenes that are unintentially funny because of the bad acting plus a hilarious scene where Richard Burton "slaps Cameron Mitchell into a blood pulp. A Classic! All in all a minor film but worth seeing if you want a laugh or two. Warning, the rape scene with Lola Falana is not for the faint of heart! Plus the castration scene makes ME grit my teeth!
 This is such an atrociously awful movie that it's a joy to watch. You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of  The Klansman.  Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka. He arrived in Oroville, California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny's waitress. His costar, Lee Marvin, was also drinking a bottle a day. Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments. Burton, as usual, dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful, to say the least. Marvin's acting is much better, but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script, he can't fare much better. The highlights has to be the scene in the bus station when Burton karate chops poor Cameron Mitchell nearly to death. The movie was so cheaply edited that you can clearly hear director Terrence Young yelling,  Cut, Cam! Get up! Cut!  They don't even bother to edit out the director's instructions. You will be laughing yourself into a choking fit during this lengthy bus station melee, This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers. If you appreciate a terrible script, crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming, you'll love this one.
 Firstly,this is not a great film,but what gets me is that films once passed and realiesed,should be left complete and in their proper run time.This vhs copy is the only real 112m version on the market,all the dvds have scenes missing,why bother putting them out if not whole.It has happened to lots of movies over the years.The Klansmen is one that has been a victim of polictial correctness,as a film buff I find this a pity,ok the subject matter is not for everyone,and we hope in our modern society we do not full back into this race hate time zone,but this is part of 70s movie history,let future movie fans see it as it was made,as for burton and marvin being drunk on set,well again let the film be judged by yourself,I for one think they were,and to finish buy this copy as no way will it get a blu ray realise,not for the subject matter,but because hollywood wishes to move 100,000 copies of a film not a couple of 100s,get this vhs copy before its gone forever. Guy Vase Aberdeen Scotland,oh and film gets two stars for its time in movie history not for being any good,just shows how some movies have been made in the past
 Yes, The Movie itself is a great work but the picture quality from this Blu Ray Version shows almost no difference from that of DVD. Personally disappointed in this point very much. it doesn't seem to have the remastered process for this blu ray. So Personally  
 this is a review of the DVD and not the film. I don't think I could add any more to what has already been said about one of John Wayne's best but seldom seen films until it was released on video. It was made in 3D in 1953 before movies were made in wide screen. I was really looking forward to the blu-ray release. Unfortunately, they letterboxed a movie that was not made in wide screen. They simply cut the bottom and top of the picture off. If you have seen the film as it was meant to be seen you can tell. Starting in 1956 the studios told their dirctors that if they were going to shoot a film in standard 1.33 to 1 ration that their movies would be cropped in the theaters and to shoot their films accordingly. This lead to a number of films having some dead space at the top or bottom of the film. manyd films such as "Support Your Local Sheriff and "The Devil at 4 O'Clock were filmed that way. Hondo was made before this practice was started. For me this is unforgivable and I will be returning my blu-ray. This is the same as releasing a widescreen movie in pan and scan.
 This video seems much more geared toward older children and adults than the typical Sesame Street age child. The dialouge linking the video segments together does not hold the interest of my 19 month old. The music segments are more interesting to me than they are to her.  It does very little to engage my young viewer. I would suggest Barney, Blues Clues, or Bear in the Big Blue House over this video, especially for the under three crowd.
 After owning/renting numerous Elmo and Sesame Street DVDs, this seemed to be among the more disappointing because
 The songs on this video are entertaining.  But for the parent of an 18-month-old who wants to actually watch Elmo in action, the video is disappointing.  Elmo plays a small role in the video.  It would be great to see much more of Elmo actually singing.
 This video doesn't entertain or captivate my children like the other Elmo videos we love(Best of Elmo, Wild West, and Adv. in Grounchland).  Don't waste your money on this one.
 Our toddler loves Elmo, and loves all the musical numbers on Sesame Street. We were looking for something that would just focus on the Sesame Street songs and videos so we wouldn't have to fish through a whole episode of Sesame Street to find them one song at a time. This video only slightly accomplishes this.  It's a cute little show. It is quickly obvious that it aired on TV in the 90s. It's littered with B-list celebs with some comical appearances from those who fell off the face of the earth and a few young versions of those that are still around. There is lots of filler, and the songs are just Okay. This has all the merits of what should be free content, so my 2-star score is relative to paying $10 for the streaming/download version. Don't pay for it unless you really really really need some on-demand children's music videos. Free content is generally equal to better quality...this is just slightly more convenient.
 I love this move.  In fact, this is probably my favorite JW movie besides  The Cowboys.   I hate the DVD transfer!  The quality looks like it was recorded straight from the old film reels without any restoration at  all.  I have seen much beter quality versions on tape and even TV.  If you  really want this DVD, then get it because it is fairly cheap, but remember,  you get what you pay for.
 The new Paramount edition is what we've been waiting for. Great escapist fun and best of all, the picture is gorgeous. If you're a John Wayne/McLintock fan you will love this edition and wonder why it took them so long to release it. My only comment is that the Introduction plays everytime you view the video, but its very interesting and can be skipped easily. I'm also glad there are plenty of extras on this disc. As far as the film the high point for me is the sense that the actors are really enjoying themselves. Bravo.  Prior Version about Goodtimes Video  As others have stated this is an extremely terrible copy. I actually spent most of my time trying to figure out why it looks so bad. Why are some of the scenes good looking and others just awful. The telencine was very poorly done and not consistent. How did this happen? Was this a first try that was abandoned? Was the pan-and-scan an early version that had not quite worked out the details. I'm really curious about how this "version which is poor, edited, and blurry able to be released and sold here and at stores like Walmart.  I also noticed that the packaging mentiones it as an "unauthorized edition.  I love John Wayne films, particularly with Mrs. Ohara and would hope a real DVD edition comes out.  Still the great story line makes the film worth watching, even if the stereotypical attitude towards the Comanche is a bit dated.
 McClintock! is an excellent John Wayne Western, lots of laughs, and of course nothing beats the chemistry that John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara bring to the screen.  Sadly however, the quality of this DVD is extremely poor, making it difficult to enjoy.  A VHS copy of a TV airing of McClintock! would be better than what you get on this DVD!  Lots of scratchy sections, poor focus, and audio volume keeps dropping out.
 This particular product (not the authorized version) of the was a very grainy copy, the copy was blotchy like it had been posterized. Also several scenes are missing.
 Unfortunatly this DVD is poor quality. The sound track doesn't always match the mouths of actors and there is a shadow or double image particularly in the beginning. I was very disapointed. Thinking of returning this DVD. Bird Lady
 Always loved the movie but this recording was cheaply dubbed from a bad vhs tape. There are different versions to buy so save your money and your eyes.
 Excellent movie, but the quality of the DVD is terrible-very grainy.  It's like they copied a videotape.
 I just recieved the DVD and watched it - I DON'T LIKE the picture. The movie itself is great but the quality of the picture and sound is bad. Disappointed!
 I tried two different players, it wouldn't play on one and played poorly on the other. The quality on the one that would play it was very poor. A very poor reproduction. The video was dark and the audio was poor as well. It looked like a hijacked version. I sent it back and Amazon replaced it, but the problem was also in the second disk. I returned the second disk as well and the Amazon credited my account for both disks. I was satisfied with Amazon's response, but disappointed with the product, because I'm a big John Wayne fan.
 I watched this movie frequently as a kid and loved it so i decided to buy it, the quality on most of it is good but it seemed like they cut scenes from different versions so some of the picture it poor. i would not recommend this, i would look for a different version like a anniversary copy.
 Words cannot express how disappointed I am by the quality of this tape.  Expecting the wonderful movie that so many know and love, I purchased this video only to discover on the back of the video sleeve that this is an  edited version of the original.  That's fine, but what these people did is  unacceptable!  They deleted all the original music, including background  music, plus they deleted voices, and background sounds and replaced them!  I could not even recognize John Wayne's drawl, (I don't think it's even his  voice) and Maureen O'Hara's brogue has been replaced with the voice of  someone else!  On top of that, the timing is way off!  I ended up turning  the sound off and watching the movie in silence.  Still a wonderful view,  but for someone who went so far as to name her daughter  Kathryn   after the spirited character O'Hara plays, I am thoroughly disgusted.  This  change should be noted in the description for those of us who care about  quality.
 The movie is one of my favorites the Duke ever made. I was really excited to see it on DVD. I can't describe my disappointment and frustration as I watched it over Christmas. The recording of the movie was made from a very poor film copy. Many scenes are blurry - totally out of focus. Film scratches are continuous. Don't buy this - wait for someone else to re-master it so it's watchable!
 Charles Bronson is realistically nervous taking on NYC's muggers, robbers and assailants after the murder of his wife, but what was once a shocking expose of big city crime and ruthlessness now merely looks ugly and sad, with only detective Vincent Gardenia's pungent asides to give the film a little humanity. Bronson can't seem to go for a walk without a vicious thug picking him out, and while the film isn't very dated, it is over-the-top in its cheap nastiness. The brackish color and dawdling pace are other handicaps that make the whole queasy enterprise slightly stultifying.
 I read all the positive reviews for this movie; I saw a segment of the transformation sequence.  So I went out and rented it.  Now let's get a few things clear first.  I'm a HUGE fan of Werewolf and Horror films, and I think that people should avoid the use of CGI and computer generated effects whenever possible.  I also hate the majority of modern bubble gum horror films I.E. Scream I know what you did last summer, Etc.  So with the Reviews and Ratings for this classic flick from the 80's and absolutely no CGI, I  felt I couldn't pass this one up.  And for what went wrong...  Yes, the Transformation sequence is AMAZING simply put.  And the humor put in with the film fits it well.  But the thing that drags the movie down to a 2 star rating is that at the end, I felt that very disappointed.  Not that it was depressing or anything, but by the end, it felt incomplete, I didn't care and I felt that I could have rented/watched something better.  Nothing came out of the experience of watching the movie.  I wasn't on the edge of my seat.  The acting while good enough, wasn't great and at times is very bland.  And the scene of the first werewolf attack is laughable.  It's the head of the dog being maneuvered by 1 guy.  And due to the camera angles, (in that scene) it looks cheesy, dark and poorly done.  I have seen the behind the scenes footage for this on an HBO special.  The werewolf in its final form looks more like a small black pathetic dog than anything else.  And what is with the Guy's nightmare with the Nazi (?) werewolves barging into his home, and shooting up the place, etc.  My friend and I were laughing so hard at its randomness and stupidity.  While the film may have been good at it's time.  And it's still worth checking out for the 1 good transformation sequence.  It doesn't work as well anymore.  If you want to see a Good werewolf movie with good acting and leans towards the Goth side a little more, I suggest renting Ginger Snaps.
 Based on the other reviews I expected some great things from this movie. I was very disappointed.  It was more of a comedy version of a horror flick.  It was just so unreal.  The gory parts were realistic, but that was it.  I would not recommend.
 I HAVE BEEN A STUDENT OF HORROR FILMS ALL OF MY LIFE. I HAVE LOVED ALL THE CLASSIC HORROR FILMS FROM UNIVERSAL STUDIOS, RKO STUDIOS, AMERICAN-INTERNATIONAL PICTURES, WILLIAM CASTLE'S FILMS, MANY OF THE SILENT HORROR FILMS AND ON AND ON. AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON, RELEASED IN 1981, WAS A MAJOR LETDOWN BECAUSE THE EXPECTATIONS OF THE FILM WERE SO SKY HIGH. IT WAS HYPED TO THE MAX BY FANGORIA MAGAZINE AND SO WE WENT INTO THE THEATER EXPECTING TO SEE A REALLY GREAT WEREWOLF FILM.  JOHN LANDIS WROTE AND DIRECTED THIS FILM. IT HAD DRAMA, HORROR, ROMANCE, ACTION, GORY BLOODY SPECIAL EFFECTS AND HORROR. BUT VERY LITTLE BY WAY OF SUSPENSE AND MYSTERY AND ATMOSPHERE. THE STORY LACKED A COHESIVE STRUCTURE AND DEPTH OF CHARACTER, IN MY OPINION.  YES, RICK BAKER'S EFFECTS WERE TRULY OUTSTANDING BUT THEY WERE THE HIGHLIGHT OF THE MOVIE AND THE FILM ITSELF TOOK A BACK SEAT TO THE SPECIAL EFFECTS. MANY PEOPLE THINK THIS WAS A GREAT FILM BECAUSE OF THE EFFECTS. YOU CANNOT JUDGE A FILM, BASED MAINLY ON THE EFFECTS. IT HAS TO BE A REALLY INTERESTING FILM TO SUCCEED AS A HORROR FILM.  WHAT HORROR THERE WAS IN THIS FILM WAS WATERED DOWN BY JOHN LANDIS' ATTEMPTS AT DARK HUMOR AND CHEESY COMEDY. SOME OF THE ATTEMPTS AT COMEDY IN THIS FILM WERE IN BAD TASTE AND WEREN'T THAT FUNNY TO START WITH. THE SUSPENSE WAS MISSING IN THE STORY.  YOU WANT TO SEE PLOTS THAT HAVE A PROGRESSIVE STORY STRUCTURE. YOU DON'T WANT TO SEE PLOTS THAT DO U-TURNS. EVERY TIME I THOUGHT THIS FILM WAS GOING TO SETTLE DOWN AND TURN INTO A GOOD HORROR FILM, THE STORY WOULD FLIP ITSELF OVER AND DO A U-TURN WITH IT'S SCENES THAT STRAY INTO THE AREA OF COMEDY OR BLACK HUMOR. SOMETIMES THAT CAN WORK BUT, FOR ME, IT DID NOT.
 I purchased this movie because the reviews say that its better than "An American Werewolf in Paris but I dissagree.  I rather enjoy modern werewolf movies because the special effects make it more realistic, especially when the wolf shape shift's, and attacks.  If you are going to purchase one of these movies I suggest you choose  
 The movie is great (4 stars), the extra stuff not. - documentary
 Love this movie so I had to get it on blu ray.  The video quality was avg to sub par and the audio was even worse.  Save yourself the bucks and by the regular DVD and if you have a blu ray player that up-scales you'll probably like it better. Not worth the investment.
 I bought this video, and did the work out for a few months.  I don't really like the way that the sets are layed out.  There are several sets, with a cool down after each.  One set is too short, and if you want to do two you have to fast forward through the cool down and the warm up to get going again. My biggest problem with this video is the crazed Aussie instructor.  I can put up with almost any aerobics instructor, but she really really grated on me.  I have done all kinds of videos, and liked this one probably the least, because mostly of her. One funny side note.  There is a big out of place guy in the back that never keeps up, and is usually dancing to his own beat.  That was the hilight of the video for me.
 The DVD with the same title supposedly has four Backyardigan's episodes, so I assumed that the VHS did as well. However, this is not the case. So, I can only give this particular product 2 stars.  (I chose the VHS version because it was easier to use with my daughter. For example
 i have a 2 year old that is a diehard backyardigans fan.  he will sit in one spot without even blinking when the show comes on Nikelodeon in the mornings but for some reason this DVD has failed to capture his attention.  i usually enjoy the cartoon as well but this one was boring and the episodes dragged.  my son likes songs he can sing along and dance too and the songs featured on this DVD were extremely slow.  i absolutly love the show and would recommend it to anymone, but this DVD, i'd say there are much better ones out there.  =)
 Yes, The Movie itself is a great work but the picture quality from this Blu Ray Version shows almost no difference from that of DVD. Personally disappointed in this point very much. it doesn't seem to have the remastered process for this blu ray. So Personally  
 this is a review of the DVD and not the film. I don't think I could add any more to what has already been said about one of John Wayne's best but seldom seen films until it was released on video. It was made in 3D in 1953 before movies were made in wide screen. I was really looking forward to the blu-ray release. Unfortunately, they letterboxed a movie that was not made in wide screen. They simply cut the bottom and top of the picture off. If you have seen the film as it was meant to be seen you can tell. Starting in 1956 the studios told their dirctors that if they were going to shoot a film in standard 1.33 to 1 ration that their movies would be cropped in the theaters and to shoot their films accordingly. This lead to a number of films having some dead space at the top or bottom of the film. manyd films such as "Support Your Local Sheriff and "The Devil at 4 O'Clock were filmed that way. Hondo was made before this practice was started. For me this is unforgivable and I will be returning my blu-ray. This is the same as releasing a widescreen movie in pan and scan.
 If you enjoyed the "Austin Powers movies, you should really enjoy these movies. If you are a fan of Dean Martin, you should enjoy these movies. If you enjoy the Matt Helm books, avoid these movies like the plague!  I have to admit that when I first saw them on TV in the mid-70's, I really enjoyed them (I think I was 13 or 14 at the time), then I read the books they were based on and realized what Hollywood had done to them. I have watched these movie since then and I always wanted to ask Mr. Hamilton why he let the movie industry do that to his character Matt Helm. I have heard that one of the studios has purchased the rights to the books again and I really hope that they don't do this to the series again and ruin it even more for those of that really enjoy the books. Get the books and read them. I find them a lot more enjoyable that listening to "Deano crooning and boozing his way through a bunch of poorly scripted spoofs of the Bond series. Unfortunately you will probably have to settle for used, since the publishers are no longer printing any of the series that I have found, and Mr Hamilton has passed away. PS. What in the world is I.C.E.? Matt works for a agency that has no official name or designation.
 Hollywood producer Irving Allen must rank as second only to the executive at Decca records who turned down The Beatles as one of the entertainment industry's great heroic failures. In 1958, while in partnership with Harry Saltzman, he turned down a chance to buy the screen rights to James Bond, informing Ian Fleming his novels would not make good films. Saltzman later teamed with Albert R. Broccolli, re approached Fleming and the rest is history, while Mr. Allen undoubtedly gritted his teeth at the success he so misguidedly let slip by.  Determined to grab a consolation prize, Allen subsequently obtained the rights to Donald Hamilton's Matt Helm novels with a view to a film franchise to rival that of 007. Hamilton's books are gritty cynical thrillers about a CIA operative turned private detective, far removed from the colourful world of the Bond films. Allen wanted an American James Bond with glamour, gadgets and women, with a greater emphasis on spoof/comedy thrills to compete with Bond's more sophisticated tongue in cheek humour. Matt Helm was made over accordingly.  The Silencers (1966) borrowed the title and little else from the Hamilton novel (as would be the case with the later films) though material from another Helm novel , Death of a Citizen, was also utilised. Rather than cast a serious actor in the lead, Allen turned to crooner turned movie star, Dean Martin to fill the criteria of super suave agent. A former second banana to Jerry Lewis, Dino was very much nearing the end of his movie career and appears to daydream through most of the film, usually to one of his own songs of the soundtrack. The CIA became the fictional ICE, while Helm is initially a semi retired agent turned photographer. Helm reluctantly returns to ICE after the enemy organisation, BIGO, attempts to kill him. Victor Buono played the main villain as a Doctor No type complete with Asian makeover. The main gadget of the film is a gun that fires backwards - no kidding!  Murder's Row followed in 1967, retaining the main premise of the novel (kidnapped scientist) and moving the action from Chesapeake Bay to Monte Carlo. It borrowed a plot device from that year's Bond (You Only Live Twice) in which Helm fakes his own death at the opening of the film. It also featured a steel headed villain who Helm eventually defeats with a giant industrial magnet ... just as 007 would do with Jaws ten years later. Well he is entitled to borrow from his imitators once in a while.  The Ambushers (1968) was also modelled on You Only Live Twice with a plot involving hijacked spacecraft and Helm faking his own assassination. The resultant film is probably the least of the bunch with dull, plodding direction and the weakest visual gags including a cigarette that produces laughing gas!  The Wrecking Crew (1969) is the last and least remembered of the four, which is a pity in some ways as the series seemed to be getting its act into some sort of order. The tighter paced script took itself a little more seriously and boasted a classier villain in Nigel Greene, almost reprising his role from Deadlier Than The Male. Confident, perhaps, that they were finally getting it right, Allen had the closing titles proclaim Helm's impending return in The Ravagers. It proved a misplaced confidence. Dean Martin decided to quit the role and while actors James Franciscus and Adam West (TV's Batman) were briefly considered as replacements, the backing studio, Columbia, felt that the super spy bubble had now burst. The latest 007, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, was just scraping in a profit and being perceived as a failure. Of course, this situation would quickly turn around.  Six years later, Allen attempted reviving his Matt Helm franchise as a possible TV series with Tony Francisco. A pilot, simply titled Matt Helm, relocated the character back into a more realistic crime thriller as a former CIA agent turned private eye. With a low budget and the other usual restrictions on 1970s TV films, it proved an unmemorable comeback and no more were made.  For the record, Warner Bros have been talking about resurrecting Matt Helm to follow the success of the Bourne films. So far, it remains just talk.
 The disks came with a sludge on the read surface that had to be cleaned before the DvDs could be used.
 I read the book first and, as usual, it was not as good as the book.  If you are a Heath Ledger fan or have a background in addiction, you may enjoy the movie but otherwise - there are better movies to spend your money on.  Rent it before you buy it.
 Why is it that when they often have a Spanish actor, his parents, or siblings AREN'T Spanish too? Did they just choose Eli Wallach to be Antonio's dad because they liked him in another film?? NOTHING in this film works, and the actors try to hide that with silly over acting which falls flat at every turn. I expected to see some chemistry between Antonio and Melanie, since this is the movie where they met and fell in love, and yet there was ONE scene that was good, the rest was awful. Maybe the empathy came over dinners commiserating on their choosing this script. Save your money OR go buy 'Miami Rhapsody' instead, it actually IS a comedy.
 I'm a world history teacher, and I am going to China later this summer for a three-week vacation/adventure. I spent a lot of time in my class covering Chinese history, so it was only natural that I would watch this. I enjoyed it a lot - but mostly because I was familiar with the basics of the material it covered. Otherwise, I would have been totally lost. The plot concerns how Sun Yat Sen and his followers fight a lot of battles to defeat the corrupt Qing dynasty and establish a Chinese republic. There's a little more to it, but not much. This is not really a martial arts movie, nor a real drama, but a curious mix of those things and a documentary.  What you get is a lot of hagiography about Sun Yat-Sen, and a lot of battles. The film is most certainly propaganda for the current regime in China, even it is somewhat veiled. Many historical figures are introduced and then. . . they disappear from view. I suspect a Chinese viewer would probably get a lot more out of it than a western viewer. The whole thing is rushed. Very, very little back story is given about either Sun OR the decline of the Qing dynasty. A better screenplay would have given us 20-30 minutes of crucial backstory, and the remainder would have had a much greater impact.  Fun to watch, but not great cinema.
 The movie starts with a failed battle in the Revolution. The reasons why the Qing dynasty is being deposed is not mentioned until later in the story and then only in abstract fashion. Much of the movie concentrates on overseas Chinese money funding the revolution as well as the attempts to stop foreign investors from loaning money to the Qing dynasty. This gives you a behind the scenes look at a revolution.  The movie was littered with patriotic slogans and noble causes to the point it interfered with the smoothness of the production as a historical piece into a modern Chinese patriot production. The message of the revolution is of self sacrifice for the good of the nation and don't forget to keep sending those dollars back home. I felt lost a few times during the film and that the producers of the movie had less historical integrity than an Oliver Stone film. The attempt to make heroes out of everyone who participated in the revolution was over done. I kept waiting for them to cut off the emperor's head and parade it through the streets and then I got really disappointed. Seems the Chinese are not French. I could never relate to the characters.
 "1911 is marketed as Jackie Chan's 100th film. I think there is no need to write about the outstanding career and incredible life story of the star (who acts as a co-director here). What I have to say is that he is just part of the ensemble cast in this Chinese historical drama. If you are looking for his martial arts action, this is not your film.  Those who are interested in the modern history of China know that 1911 is the year of the Xinhai Revolution that overthrew the Qing Dynasty. Not being an expert on Chinese history, I have only limited knowledge about the revolution. Still, I can say "1911 is beautifully shot and largely well-acted ... and feels like reading a textbook.  I'm sorry to say this, but with all respect to Jackie Chan, co-director Li Zhang (his first feature) and those who are involved in making the film, "1911 is boring, devoid of compelling narrative. Winston Chao plays a revolutionary Sun Yat-sen. Jackie Chan portrays Huang Xing, his friend and also a military commander. With a casual research through the internet, you will learn a few things about their dramatic life stories. The film is very serious and earnest (not a bad thing in itself), but fails to present the dramatic aspect of their life.  Featuring a huge cast of characters including the Empress Dowager Longyu (Joan Chen) and Huang Xing's wife Xu Zonghan (Bingbing Li), the film is often rushed. In spite of large-scale battle sequences, the film lacks emotional impact, suffering from its uneven pace and chronologically and geographically confusing narrative.  In conclusion, "1911 needs more time and a better script to be what it strives to be, an emotionally charged historical epic.
 I just watched this on Netflix - well most of it - and was disappointed.  I like historical movies and Jackie Chan but it was very difficult to keep up with this film, much less have an understanding of what was happening. It took me a few minutes to realize that the Chinese characters and English subtitles on the sides of the screen were to identify the participants, not the actors, mostly because I was trying to keep up with the dialogue subtitles.  Then the screen started displaying more and more information - descriptions of the timeline and actions.  Now, I am an avid reader and have a decent reading speed but I just could not keep up with three separate groups of text running simultaneously with the action.  The acting seemed decent, the production values great but I felt like I should have read a book first.  My memories of this time period in China from World History classes are 40+ years old. Finally turned it off.
 While this film did somewhat show that Jackie Chan is a very good actor and the photography was exceptional, it proved to be too disjointed to be,concerning the subject,"entertaining". Whoever selected the cast went out of their way to find an "American that either was naturally pathetic or was inclided to betray American's as pathetic. The first hint this was a Chinese Comm. propaganda film was the reluctance to show the revolutionary army's battle flag fully extended. The very last line in the film claimed the whole revolution was the effort of the Communists who,truth be told, did not exist for many years after the fact and had no role in 1911. This may be the reason it seemed so much was cut out. Perhaps the ChiComms deleted all materiel' that was contra to thier propaganda. The quality of the sets and the action scences are first-rate, however. The effort,on a whole,resulted in a waste of time and money when anything Jackie Chan and/or Joan Chin should be at least worth otherwise.
 Interesting historical subject matter, good production values, but ... blatant Chinese communist propaganda.  According to the film, the Qing dynasty was corrupt, and therefore had to be taken down.  Only then could freedom, peace, and prosperity break out in China.  And the work did not end with the 1911 revolution; it was continued by the communist revolution some decades later.  Apparently the communists carried forward the spirit of the 1911 revolution and brought about the "rejuvenation of the state".  The revolutionaries were virtuous, those who died were martyrs, their work was glorious, etc. etc. etc.  Read some history books and check out communist China's human rights record, and you'll get an idea of the communist version of freedom, peace, and prosperity.  Then watch the movie and enjoy a glimpse of a unique piece of world history - and a taste of communism at work in the present.
 Purely a propaganda film and, while beautifully filmed and mostly well acted (with some exceptions among the American characters), doesn't rise above being a propaganda film.
 **1/2 In the wheezingly old-fashioned "Mona Lisa Smile, Julia Roberts joins the ranks of Robert Donat, Glenn Ford, Sidney Poitier, Sandy Dennis, Robin Williams, Edward James Olmos, Michelle Pfeiffer and Kevin Kline, all of whom have played inexperienced teachers who manage to win over and inspire their initially recalcitrant students.  It matters not whether these pupils are hardened inner city gang types or snooty prep school geniuses, the arc of the story is always the same.  The teacher, armed with a sense of optimism and a zeal to "make a difference in the students' lives, arrives at the institution nervous and unsure of whether she is really up to the challenge (or "he in the case of many of these films).  After a predictably disastrous start, in which the students belittle her idealism and efforts and attempt to take advantage of her inexperience, the teacher invariably throws out the standard, stuffy, boring curriculum and finds a way to make learning relevant, fun and engaging.  This, of course, makes her the most popular teacher at the school, but also a threat to the ossified educational establishment, which throws up endless roadblocks in an effort to keep this know-it-all upstart from upsetting the applecart.  Undeterred, the teacher manages to get down to the students' level, rapping with them as if she were one of their own, helping to solve their problems and inspiring them to take their rightful place in society as freethinking, morally upstanding individuals.  Then comes the inevitable moment when the teacher must decide, midway through the term, whether or not she will be returning for the next semester, with the student who gave the teacher the most trouble at the start pleading with her to stay on and work her magic for generations of students to come. All of this invariably culminates in a tear-soaked finale wherein all the students gather in worshipful adoration of this almost godlike embodiment of Learning.  A number of the movies that have utilized this storyline have been quite good, actually, but "Mona Lisa Smile is not one of them.  By bringing nothing particularly new to the formula, the film can't help feeling derivative and clich&eacute;d. Where is Miss Jean Brodie when we really need her? "Mona Lisa Smile begins in 1953 with Katherine Anne Watson's arrival as an art history instructor at Wellesley College.  The school, as it turns out, is a haven for elite snobs - and its educational philosophy of rote, tradition-bound learning shows that the school is more concerned with turning the girls into dutiful, supportive wives and mothers than freethinking career women (the only classes we ever see the girls attending are art history, Italian, table setting and synchronized swimming, not exactly a rigorous course of study for a bunch of young ladies we are led to believe graduate with some pretty impressive degrees).  Enter Katherine Anne, fresh from a state school in "liberal California, who clearly does not buy into the false value system she finds here.  After some initial resistance on the part of the girls and the powers-that-be at the institution, Katherine begins, slowly but surely, to win people over to her modernistic, iconoclastic way of thinking.   As a social document, "Mona Lisa Smile is yet another film dedicated to exposing the "Stepford Wife mentality of the conformist 1950's.  The problem is that "Far From Heaven did a much better job of that two years ago.  In that film, the main character experienced a gradual awakening as to both her value as an individual and the societal prison in which she lived.  During the course of the film, we grew along with her.  Katherine, on the other hand, feels like a 21st Century woman transported magically to the 1950's.  Not that there weren't such forward-looking women at the time, of course, but it's not very illuminating watching a person, spouting ideas no one in the audience could possibly disagree with, bringing knowledge and enlightenment to the ignorant masses. The acting is good but the characters are all either shallow stereotypes or straw men designed for Katherine to knock down easily.  Ironically, the film is every bit as conventional as the conformity it's railing against. Now that Ms. Roberts has gotten the Messianic Teacher Syndrome out of her system, perhaps she can move on to bigger and better things.  This particular hole in her resume has at last been filled.
 Julia Roberts plays Katherine Watson, an art teacher who thinks she's lucked out when offered a job at a prestigious school for young women in the 1950's.  From the first reel, everything about the flick screams "Dead Poets with women instead of laughs, and nothing ever changes your mind - except for making you re-think the fun you might have had watching "Dead Poets".  In short "Smiling is a movie that praises characters that leap past the trite expectations of their peers, yet boasts a script that fulfills every trite Hollywood clich&eacute;.  Watson is horrified to learn that young women of the 1950's are being groomed for a life of craven servility and grim conformity (forgetting for a moment that the same was roughly true for about everybody in those days).  Watson's young charges are intelligent, but also resigned to a life in the shadows of likely caddish husbands chosen by their weak-willed parents.  By the end of the movie, Watson's students learn to break the bonds that condemned their parents to loveless and unfulfilled lives (except for one student who does choose to forego the promising future as a lawyer for one as a housewife - but does have to convince Watson of the rightness of her decision).  Being an accomplished woman means traveling abroad (rather than saying you did), getting an apartment in Greenwich Village, and foregoing marriage unless you're utterly more determined by an order of magnitude to opt for either of the above.  We also learn that parents are utterly worthless - grooming their daughters for a dim future, if only to be spared the horror of having to explain why they fell for the same trap.  None of the villains - upper society women for the most part - are elevated from the anonymous and unforgiving roles the script sticks them with (in mirroring their evil, the script treats them as we're supposed to believe they treat their daughters), and we're supposed to cheer when their daughters zing them into defeated muteness.  "Mona Lisa is that rare chick flick that's actually more insulting to women in general than the men on the screen.
 As a former college professor, Seven Sisters graduate, and fan of indie films, I must admit I was not optimistic about this movie.  I was right.  Watching the movie, I was constantly reminded of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, a brilliant movie about turn-of-the-century Scottish schoolgirls based on Muriel Spark's novel. Some scenes were eerily similar, such as the "girls standing around an art studio, wearing little schoolgirl hats, giggling at a painting. Brodie girls giggled over sex; these women giggled over unfamiliar modernism.  Mona Lisa's theme seems familiar
 Okay, so in most movies that strive for enlightenment, they spend the whole movie conveying why this character is so amazing (i.e. Erin Brockovich). In this movie, there exists only one scene to prove to the audience how great this woman is. What about the rest of the movie? Boring.....All those good names, and it made me feel no emotion towards anyone at the end. Usually when I see movies, I feel different at the end, but when i saw this one I was like "okay, now what? Should have had many different levels with this character. I was VERY disappointed. Two stars because Maggie G did a great job.
 Given my profound admiration of Julia Roberts and my enthusiasm for material that provides thoughtful insight into the shallowness of so much that seems to constitute the American Dream, it may come as some surprise that I am so critical of this movie.  In fact, all that I can find to compliment are the stunning skills of Julia Roberts, convincing as always--so much so that you forget you are watching her and actually believe in the person she portrays, and the intent of the screenplay writer, admirable in its correct depiction of an educational institution devoted to a purpose so devoid of any real meaning. Unfortunately, the skills of the director, and perhaps of the screenwriter as well have limited the actual film to an almost ludicrously two dimensional portrayal of virtually all the characters in the movie, and have created a story so hyperbolic in nature as to render the plot comedy at times when it should be serious and pathetic at times when it pretends to humour.  In the opening scene we are supposed to believe that every student in this fine university have acually read and mastered the assignment for the first class in its entirety, memorizing to perfection dates and styles of art going back to the 15th century BC. Later, we are expected to believe that the Italian Professor (Mike Newell) who has exhibited absolutely nothing in the film worthy of the attentions of the thinking, caring, highly intellectual professor which is Katherine Watson, succeeds not only in seducing her but in further maintaining a relationship lasting for a period of several months. Finally, we are expected to believe that Betty (Kirsten Dunst) who has consistently been portrayed as the acquiescing member of high society, consistently scornful, indeed derisive of her professor suddenly becomes her ardent admirer and is willing to turn to her for support and advice just because she has given up on her marriage and broken bonds with her domineering mother.  Possible, yes, but the film here, as in so many other scenes, fails to provide any transitional material explaining the change in attitude or behaviour. The one sequence that most significantly varies, refreshingly, from this is that where Joan (Julia Stiles) boldly challenges Katherine's (Julia Roberts) teaching as that of imposing her own values on others rather than that which she claims to be doing--teaching students to find their own way. To be certain, taken on the strength of their individual performances, there were a number of reasonably good appearances by key actors and actresses.  There were a few good scenes in the movie and its fundamental message was one with which many of its viewers will be no doubt inclined to agree.  Unfortunately, only one performance could be described as brilliant (that of the inimitable Julia) and the film as a whole bears no comparison with the likes of Mr. Holland's Opus, a masterpiece of drama, believable, human and multidimensional throughout.  Alas, this could have been such a rich fabric of natural fibers rather than the plastic imitation that it is.
 'Mona Lisa Smile' is a period film in the 1950s America, about teacher of painting Kathrine Watson played by Julia Roberts.  The story slightly resembles that of 'Dead Poet Society' -- a teacher with a new idea, who makes a difference in uptight school -- but the film ends up with assorted scenes and dialogues with the cliched episodes about cliched characters.  Sorry if I sound harsh, but the film is really predictable, and safe.  Katherine teaches painting before the serious students whose concerns are memorizing the textbooks.  Some are rebels (like Maggie Gyllenhaal's character smoking Giselle); some only think of marriage (like Kirsten Dunst's conservative Betty, and, well, so on and on.  There is a romance surrounding Julia's character, but the love story is too shallow and forgettable.  Now, what happens to each student, you can predict from the beginning; and what Katherine does, going against the grain (so she thinks), you can imagine from miles apart.  Instead of the course authorized by the school, Katherine shows the bedazzled students a piece of modern art -- what do you see?  Of course, Pollock.  Too predictable.  But after all, the whole problem is this
 Considering the subject matter and the feminist overtones, I expected much more from this movie what was delivered. Save for one brilliant (if somewhat awkwardly-placed) scene involving Julia Roberts' passionate admonishment of the internalized sexism of popular advertising, this movie is rife with cliches and over-trodden ground. There are times when you feel as if the film is trying to say something more about sex roles, feminism, and the advent of what would later be coined as "the feminine mystique, but they appear so infrequently, so awkwardly, and so unsatisfying as to barely merit a mention.  In terms of acting, Julia Roberts' and Maggie Gyllenhaal's roles are the most successfully portrayed. Kirsten Dunst succeeds at being annoying (for once her intent matches her performance) and Julia Stiles' role was just awfully acted altogether, no two ways about it. I've never heard a more unconvincing and "I'm happy! in my life. Her heart-to-heart with Roberts, regardless of how important the message, almost brought tears to my eyes -- not out of any strong feeling, but because it was so painfully artificial.  If taken at little more than face value, the movie warrants a viewing, if only for the beautiful cinematography and snapshot of female collegiate life post-World War 2. But if you are a historian or a feminist (or both) hoping to enjoy a glimpse into the world that inspired Fridan's classic expose, look elsewhere. And if you ever find one that satisfies this desire, be sure to let me know.
 In Mona Lisa Smile, Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts) joins the faculty of an all-girl's college to teach Art History. But because the girls are being taught how to be passive housewives instead of independent thinkers, she also works to impart her feminist ideals to the students and school board. What a timely pictures this is! In a time when Oprah, Jennifer Lopez, and Britney Spears are as financially successful as their male counterparts, the film is definitely dated as a result. The unfaithful opposite sex is the most timeless aspect of the story. Ironically, there is only one guy in the film who is supportive of feminism. This is ironic because MLS is supposedly an advocate for evenhandedness. Clearly the scriptwriters - who are surprisingly men -- could have driven their point home by depicting an equal amount of good and despicable guys. It must have been a stretch for Julia Roberts (one of the most traditional actresses of today) to play the role of a nonconformist, considering the fact that she has more asinine romantic comedies under her belt than risk-taking independent films. Interestingly, Roberts has allowed herself to succumb to the same imprisonment that the female characters of this story experienced unwillingly. Sure, Roberts has lately starred in a few films by acclaimed independent film director Steven Soderburgh (Erin Brockovich, Full Frontal, and Ocean's 11), and an unconventionally bloody romantic comedy called The Mexican, but she isn't a nonconformist at heart. Unsurprisingly, her portrayal of a feminist is as believable and passionate as a KKK member portraying an NAACP affiliate. Nonconformist Maggie Gyllenhaal, who bravely portrayed a masochist in the Secretary, plays the role of the school's whore. Unfortunately, because the film is such a brief ensemble drama, her character isn't given time to bloom into a three-dimensional human being. She isn't even given enough scenes to demonstrate how much of a whore she is. As a result, poor Gyllenhaal, who is one of the cinema's latest talents, is underused. The film's best performance comes courtesy of the younger, underrated Kirsten Dunst, who plays the role of one of the school's most outspoken students (though not outspoken enough to be a feminist, obviously). Dunst accentuates her emotions with great subtlety via her piercing green eyes, effortlessly switching between intimidating and vulnerable without ever transforming into a salivating, Oscar-hungry bloodhound. She is Mona Lisa Smile's main attraction.
 This all-gal soap opera (except for the underrated and versatile Dominic West)takes us back to 1950s Welleseley College to be hit over the head with the message that women were either repressed by men, repressing themselves, or both.  But an Auntie Mame art teacher (of course...it's Art.  Nothing so banal as history or Latin...) in the form of toothy Julia Roberts breezes in to shake up their world and leave moist eyed feminists dabbing with hankies by the campy closing credits.  Is this the female take on Dead Poet's Society with a little of The Children's Hour, thrown in?  Or a complete meager ripoff of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie?  All the cat-eye glasses and girdles in the world can't make the young female cast look any less anorexic conetemporary...and even glamorous Roberts, who eschews much makeup, looks horribly out of period.  A great opportunity for creative art direction and/or cinematography was missed.  The usually great Marcia Gay Hardin romps throughout like she is in a "Lifetime TV movie...which is where this one belongs.  Fortunately, the star power of Roberts and the talents of Gyllenhall and Stiles make it a watchable film.  (The usually splendid Dunst, like Hardin, seems to be merely phoning in a community-theatrical performance!)  The music, though, is fun and fans of soap opera will enjoy this.  The DVD special features, unfortunately, are negligible.
 Cute movie, and it was fun to watch them filming on our campus in Fall 2002, but please *don't* accept this movie as any sort of realistic portrayal of Wellesley College!  The best part of this movie is the beautiful shots of our campus (the Galestone Tower, the Chapel interior and exterior, etc). Inaccuracies aside (and it's a BIG aside), I thought that the movie was o.k. at best.  The sub-plots with the individual students were much more interesting than the main professor-comes-to-liberate-Wellesley story.  Keep an eye out for Ginnifer Goodwin, who is excellent.  The costumes are accurate for the period, but not for everyday Wellesley wear. In the end, the movie could have been a lot better, but it probably could have been worse.
 The only reason I can honestly say that this film is not as bad as, say, Saving Private Ryan or Titanic or From Hell is simple- the babes are cute as hell- Maggie Gyllenhaal is always sexy in a sly way, Kirsten Dunst does aptly portray the 1950s type whose bodice needs ripping & bosom needs suckling, & Julia Stiles has an eerie porcelain-like perfection, almost preternaturally perfected, that makes her mesmerizing to watch. &, hey, JR is not the best actress on the planet, but her goofy good looks are not punition. I would like to see stars like her wield & flex their power to improve rancid scripts like this. Hopefully the younger babes, if they become stars, will do just that- & ironically learn real lessons from this film that are not contained within. I can only guess JR actually likes clich&eacute;d wannabe tear-jerkers, or she lacks the ability to see 1 when she reads it. Either way, take a pass, & try reading  anything for 2 hours.
 This is a story about a girl in an isolated community trying to find her identity in the shadow of her beautiful and much-loved sister.  It was a good thing that I had read the book first because the movie looses much of the story, including the problems with the relationships between Sara Louise, the captain, and her sister. The movie, as usual, changes quite a few important parts of the story, making it a superficial production.  My recommendation - read the book first then get the movie from the local library, don't spend money renting it.
 This dvd was nothing like the novel, characters were combine and the story was told out of sequence. It was purchased as a teaching tool to accompany the novel in a special needs class, I was unable to use it for this purpose.
 It's an important historical documentary ,  but if you want to see old taps dancers like showed in the dvd cover, avoid it. There are only few short cuts from genius like Bill Robinson and others and many  and many conversations and interviews. Try old videos in VHS or the outstanding afro-american dancers in 'Stormy Weather', a Fox musical from the fourties,  available in Amazon.
 Yuck.  Despite good acting by talented performers, and the always-strong appeal of long shots on Cameron Diaz' legs, this is a tiresome movie, too-long by almost half. It suffers from a lack of story.  It's a chronicle of two very different sisters. You might think the tale has them interact until they learn valuable lessons from one another, or something like that. However, the movie splits them up and has them experience their own "adventures. Shoes play no *real* role in the tale, if you were thinking they might, nor is anyone forced to "live anyone else's life in anyway. In fact, there's nothing really consequential going on... just characters living their lives. It all winds up feeling like a memoir--a woman's reminisciences of "me and my sister, without an editor's eye for the necessary features of good cinema, like plot.  What plot there is feels contrived--yeah, sure, the high-powered lawyer gives up her job to take up dog-walking without a moment's difficulty or regret, and the whorish sneak-thief blends right in to a retirement community and parlays it into a successful entrepreneurship. Makes perfect sense.  There's no real change in the main character (Toni Collette)
 Amazon placed this on my recommendations list as "Kids & Family".  Umm....I don't think so! unless Amazon recommends people to let their kids watch movies with sex scenes and adult language and situations.  I watched the movie and guess it has a message, but I don't think my kid/s will be watching this until they are mature enough to handle the sex scenes!
 I found this movie to be dragged out and dull. It did the book very little justice, and cut out the best parts! I suggest reading the book instead.
 Cameron Diaz has no acting ability except to giggle, smile and make angry tense, facial expressions.  You meet all the characters. They are all over acted (except Diaz, who just walks around looking stupid). They have all sorts of conflicts. They spill their guts in scenes that are suppose to be sad, but laced with humor. Everyone realizes they should treat each other better and learn to understand each other.  The middle is the only part where a couple of interesting things happened - the beginning and ending where completely awful. And there was really no resolution to the title "In Her Shoes other than Cameron Diaz's character taking and using (and ruining) various pairs of shoes (yawn). While this movie had a couple of moments that were interesting, at the end I just rolled my eyes and regretted wasting the 2 hours.
 If you like the movie, read the book. The movie itself left out a multiple key pieces of the book and drug out altogether too long. I found myself fast forwarding through parts of it just to get the end.
 I try to be open minded when it comes to movies created from rather good books.  After all, they only have 2 hours to tell you a story that took one many hours to read.  Many times the story in the movie may be different or shortened but it holds up on it's own.  This time it didn't.  My husband watched this movie with me.  I read the book several months ago, he never has and probably never will.  The movie assumes you have read the book.  If you haven't, you will miss out on a lot that the movie tries but fails to get across.  For instance, there are several slow scenes during the movie where they are trying to get the feelings that are so easily written in the book across - but fail.  My husband would ask me, "What am I supposed to be understanding here? and I would tell him what I knew from the book.  Also, a huge section where Maggie finds herself is missing.  They do credible substitutions, considering, but in the end, we never felt we ever got a "story out of it.  As for the movie itself, without any reference to the book.  I found the characters dull and difficult to empathize with, the story lacking, and the closeups (constant closeups) painful.  I give it 2 stars.  Skip the movie. Read the book.
 I read this book & it was AWESOME. But, the movie STINKS. I wanted so badly to like it but couldn't no matter how hard I tried. Cameron Diaz is a really bad actress & ruins a lot of movies, but even if there had been a different, more talented actress playing her character this movie would still put you to sleep.
 I would have never seen this movie, were it not for a recommendation from my father.  I wish he had not recommended it.  I found very little to like about it.  This movie is an extreme reflection of the bankruptcy of secular Jewish suburban life.  It is extremely common for children in such homes to run away from Judaism as both Rose and Maggie did.  It's very sad to see my religion dumped in the ash heap of history; however that is what thousands (millions?) of Jews have done.  This is very common in American film.  However, to top it off, Maggie is even a thief!  This is truly horrible.  I nearly shut the movie off after Maggie and Rose go into their dialogue about their mother-in-law's vagina.  That crude and tasteless sort of dialogue is the type of thing I work very hard to avoid in films and in real life in particular.  I regret very much that I did not turn the film off.  I believe it wasn't until later that we learned that Rose and Maggie's mother (incidentally the fact that Rose and Maggie looked nothing alike was extremely striking when watching this film), had committed suicide many years before.  As I wrote earlier, it is very common for women like Rose and Maggie to run away from Judaism.  However (thank G-d!) it very rare for people like Caroline to commit suicide.  This revelation was truly horrifying to this viewer.  I did not sleep well that night.  I agree with an earlier post-why was Michael not blamed at all in this movie?  Might he not have had something to do with Caroline feeling the way she did?  I suppose there is something to Maggie finding her grandmother and becoming more responsible,  and Rose becoming more self-assured, and even bumping into a Jew (and amazingly) actually marrying him (although we see no chemistry between the two), but the dark tone of the film greatly overshadowed that.  Would somebody please make a film where people a) really, sincerely  return to their Jewish roots and b) please, please, please make sure there is not one Jew (or non-Jew for that matter)who has to die an unnatural death for it.  Is that too much to ask?
 I love that it is about the lives of two sisters, but like I said in my title the movie moves too slow. It's not for me. I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
 There is real plot in this film, it just follows two bumbling theives.  Actually the two actors are the only aspect that make this movie watchable, just barely however. The self-concious humour ends up being incredibly pretentious, it even seems to revel in the fact that it is pretentious, and somehow that makes the movie selfaware and hip. Some people might leap to this films defense and claim that the forgetable plot was part of the grand scheme to keep it fun and exciting.  The problem is asides from the an uninvolving plot, this movie is extremely predictable, which further deminishes the already trite affair.
 As any devoted X-Phile will tell you, the idea of a collection devoted exclusively to the "mythology episodes alone is a somewhat dodgy idea, with many attendant problems.  First of all, much of the show's ineffable charm was found in the balance of standalone/comedic/MOTW ("monster-of-the-week") episodes vs. the heavier mythology episodes - watching all of these tangled, knotty mytharc episodes can be a suffocating experience.  Secondly, the overarching character development of both Mulder and Scully (as well as the secondary characters) was rarely restricted to the mythology episodes; someone who only knows the X-Files through these four mythology-only boxed sets will miss the introduction of Skinner and Cigarette Smoking Man's first speaking role ("Tooms"), the introduction of Alex Krycek and Mr. X ("Sleepless"), and the revelation that Scully has cancer ("Leonard Betts"), among other things.  Finally, there is some dispute as to what constitutes a "mythology episode in the first place.  For example, Volume 1 ("Abduction") of this four volume set has drawn a lot of justifiable criticism for excluding a pivotal early first season episode called "Conduit, where the depths of Mulder's obsession about his abducted sister Samantha are first explored.  (The fact that "Conduit is arguably one of the ten finest episodes in the history of the series, both eerie and poignant, only makes its omission that much more painful.)  "Musings Of A Cigarette Smoking Man, concerning the secret history of Mulder's nemesis, is also a mythology episode, as is the excellent late Season Four installment "Demons.  Some of the decisions made in what to include or exclude seem arbitrary.  This last point is important because it DOESN'T address the inexcusable omission of a major mythology two-parter from this set
 I thought this sounded like an okay film from the synopsis, so I gave it a try.  Found it to be very boring.  Not much holds it together and nothing about it sustained my interest.  A real waste of time.
 The story opens in London in the 1930s, as an eccentric explorer (Richard Griffiths) returns from his adventures with three orphaned baby girls to be raised by his niece (Emilia Fox), while he goes off on another long trip.  As the girls become teenagers, they enroll in a theatrical school hoping to earn enough money to support themselves
 I was dissapointed in this movie. There is not anything terribly inappropriate, although several comments are made about the girls' bust sizes and one of the characters wears low cut blouses. There wasn't much of a plot somehow and many dead ends. The youngest girl, Posey, turns into a brat and winds up getting her way in the end. There isn't much ballet in it at all and the title itself has nothing to do with the movie. If you're a ballet fan, you will only be dissapointed. It's really not a children's movie. The movie did keep my interest and the cast and acting is brilliant, but. . . . . Watch it if you want.