 Synopsis
 THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ is based on true events surrounding the crime problems of Juarez, Mexico reflected in the gringo exploitation of businesses in neighboring El Paso, Texas.  The story contains many important facts that desperately need to be brought into the light, but the impact of the film falters because of the choices made by the writer and director.  Karina Danes (Minnie Driver) is a journalist for a Los Angeles newspaper who has flown to Juarez to investigate the multiple (in the hundreds) killings of young women. The targets for these murders seem to be young women working in the US sponsored sweatshops in Juarez who are picked up at night after work, raped, beaten and killed.  Danes is convinced the Juarez police force is doing nothing and takes on the mission of exposing the tragedies, in part due to her own past issues of being too idle with similar crimes in the US.  She meets Father Herrera (Esai Morales) and a community activist Patrick (Angus MacFadyen) and together they probe the police files and follow the most recent murder, discovering along the way a survivor named Mariela (Ana Claudia Talanc&oacute;n), a frightened young girl whose memory of her rape and beating is erased by her apparent vision of the Virgin Mary.  A father of one of the victims, Isidro (Jorge Cervera, Jr.) nurtures Mariela and helps her to escape the hospital, placing her in a 'church' where she becomes a 'saint' to the people of Juarez who long for the crimes to end.  Mariela appears to the public with the stigmata of bleeding hands and offers hope to the victims' families.  Danes works hard to discover evidence that will expose the perpetrators, taking a sheet of photos of 'most wanted men' from the police office of Detective Lauro (Jacob Vargas), and works with the police and Father Herrera to resolve the tragic chain of events that continue in Juarez. Fearing for Mariela's life, they transport her to Los Angeles where mysterious events end the story.  The squeaky, mawkish script was written by Michael Fallon and directed by Kevin James Dobson.  Had their vision been more directed toward defining the line between realism and fanaticism, the story would possibly have been better related.  There are some good performances by Driver, Talanc&oacute;n, Morales, and Vargas but the minor roles vary in quality.  Reporting atrocities such as the one this film addresses is a valid and valuable contribution of contemporary cinema.  It is sad when script and the production dull the impact.  Grady Harp, June 07
 THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ (2006) directed by Kevin James Dobson approx. 1 hour 25 minutes  The town of Juarez, Chihuahua in Mexico is just across the border from El Paso, Texas.  It is home to several factories owned by American companies who employ Mexicans at very low wages.  Since the early 1990s, Juarez has also been the murder site of hundreds of women.  There is a lot of debate as to whether the deaths are the work of a drug gang or a serial killer.  It has also been suggested that due to the local police department's failure to solve the crimes, new rapists and thugs have moved to the area knowing that they will never be caught.  The situation is an overwhelming tragedy and this movie uses the story as a backdrop.  We start off seeing how unsafe women feel as they walk and work in Juarez.  Then we meet the hard-headed American journalist played by Minnie Driver.  She aggressively questions the local police and befriends a Catholic priest.  Within the first twenty minutes or so, we see the terrifying reality of the situation in Juarez.  At this point, the story jumps from something that might have happened to something that is only found in this movie.  A woman named Mariela survives an brutal attack but is in critical condition in a small hospital.  While the priest is speaking to her, she lets out a howl... and her hands begin bleeding*.  This "stigmata is meant to show that she has been blessed by the Virgin Mary.  Our reporter protagonist clashes with various authorities on what should be done.  Meanwhile Mariela goes underground and attracts a devoted following, eventually landing her own radio show (!) and living under the protection of gang members, whom she refers to as "modern warriors".  The only thing missing is "Jes&uacute;s Malverde".  Now I understand that we don't know everything about the Juarez murders and that a screenwriter has to "fill in the blanks when crafting an exciting dramatization.  However if you are going to deviate so far from the true story, then don't preface your movie as being "based on the ongoing unsolved murders in Cuidad Juarez".  There is plenty of interesting and legitimate information in the REAL stories of Juarez and there is no need to fabricate.  This movie may "raise the issue of the Juarez women, but it isn't really about them at all!  If you are interested in learning more about the killings in Juarez, there are a few documentaries.  A recent one from Las Perlas Del Mar Films is simply titled 'JUAREZ' and is a good introduction.  Zulma Aguiar's 'JUAREZ MOTHERS FIGHT FEMICIDE' (focuses on the families) is also easy to find.  There is another one which I haven't seen titled 'BORDER ECHOES'.  *- note to Hollywood
 Informationally, this SHOWTIME original is essential viewing for enlightening audiences on the dangerous plight of women migrant workers from Los Angeles who are routinely and mysteriously murdered on the border between Juarez, Mexico and El Paso, Texas.Since 1993, hundreds of woman have turned up dead and mutilated and no one seems to either care or have an answer. The fear and death continue.  Director Kevin Dobson has brought us Michael Fallon's screenplay THE VIRGIN OF JUAREZ to the screen as a fanciful/possible solution to what may be happening down in Juarez.Though this is but a film, the information about the unsolved murders and the religious fanaticism in the area is crucial.  Suggested companion film would be AGNES OF GOD.
 I'm sorry to be such a Scrooge with Christmas rapidly approaching, but while watching Far From Home- The Adventures of Yellow Dog tonight, it sort of struck me as boring.  I was expecting a family-oriented film that focuses on a teenager and his dog struggling to make it after a terrible boat accident leaves them stranded along the rocky coasts of British Columbia, and the film delivers in that respect but... it just *barely* delivers.  The entire presentation feels really bloated and exaggerated to me which is typical of early to mid 90's adventure films.  A film that certainly LOOKS really good and I imagine a lot of time was devoted to making it, and I remember back in the mid 90's how these type of animal movies won the hearts of everyone who had an affection for them, but as the years pass and technology and filmmaking changes, I find a movie like this just isn't very fun to watch anymore.  I can't remember if this film was produce by Disney but it definitely *feels* like it was.  My biggest problem is that the actual survival story between the teenager and his dog was incredibly shallow.  Yes they collect bugs, kill animals when they get hungry enough, encounter dangerous wildlife animals such as wolves and wild cats, but... it's just not enough.  These segments feel undeveloped and uncreative.  It's just not enough entertainment and doesn't offer a darn thing as far as originality is concerned either.  It's completely missing anything TRULY enticing.  Yes, the parents are worried that their teenage boy is missing.  Interesting though that it never seemed to cross the mind of either those searching for the boy or his parents (with the exception of one scene) that he might be dead.  It was also strange how it was just assumed the boy would make it on land.  I'd be flying planes over the ocean first.  If that was MY son out there missing in the woods, you better believe I'd fear the worst.  Granted, there was one really good emotional segment where the father looks into a mirror and cries his eyes out while his wife comforts him, but eh... that was just one moment of sincerity surrounded by a subtle belief that the boys life was never *truly* in danger.  Not very appealing or accurate storytelling.  The fact the film is barely 75 minutes long is another problem, and even though everyone loves the dramatic and touching ending, I've seen better.  Actually had the entire movie been dramatic and memorable like the ending, it would have been even better.  Personally I feel Homeward Bound is a LOT better because that movie utilizes not just a compelling story of animal survival, but humor as well.  A much better movie than this one.
 Growing up in the Pacific Northwest, young Angus McCormick (Jesse Bradford) has learned many survival skills.  He's just finishing up a nice canoe.  And when he finds a stray dog, he adopts him and names him Yellow.  Taking a few days off from school to accompany his dad, John (Bruce Davison), on a supply run seems like a dream come true.  But when they encounter a fierce storm, the boat they are in capsizes.  John is quickly rescued, but the search and rescue teams can't find any trace of Angus or Yellow.  The two have survives and are trying to find their way back to civilization.  Will they be able to survive and be reunited with their family?  This movie is fairly standard and innocuous family fare.  It is a little slow at times, especially in the beginning while things are set up.  It is fairly predictable.  But it is entertaining.  Kids will enjoy it more than their parents.  My biggest complaint was actually the short scenes.  Many things are introduced and resolved too quickly, never giving any plot point time to be fully developed.  At the same time, I did eventually get caught up in the emotions and found the ending satisfying.  The film could have been much better but does grow on you.  Don't rush out to see it, but there's no reason to avoid it either.
 I love dogs and I really wanted to love this film.  Unfortunately I didn't find it quite as satisfying at most of the reviewers.  Can't quite put my finger on it, but perhaps I didn't find the characters as likeable or convincing as some who saw this.  Even the dog was not that interesting for some reason; perhaps not one of the more attractive breeds.  Also it seemed that they didn't spend enough time developing the bond between the boy and the dog. (The movie is short; not even 1 1/2 hours.) It's a great family movie and I think it is more suitable for young children than older ones who may find it boring.  The younger ones might be a little upset near the end when the dog can't be rescued, but don't worry as it has a happy ending.  It's an okay movie, but I expected a lot more.  I like movies that BOTH kids and adults can enjoy (like Shrek II).  This is definately one mainly just for the kids.  So many things that kids can't or shouldn't watch.  This is one that anyone can watch, which is a big plus.  Probably would have been better as a TV movie and would easily fit in a 2-hour timeframe with plenty of time for commercials.
 I had heard a lot of criticism leveled at Gao Xiaosong's "My Kingdom complaining that its two disparate halves never really fit together into a cohesive narrative. The first part of the film strains for epic grandeur with its story of two orphans being trained in the art and honor of the Chinese opera (not the singing kind). One of the boys sees his family slaughtered in a political maneuver but is saved from imminent death by a wandering opera master and his charge. The three form a offbeat family unit which is threatened when their master is humiliated in a challenge with a Southern rival. The movie fast forwards until the boys are grown and ready to seek a form of retribution as they move into the popular Shanghai opera scene in the twenties. After this simple story is resolved, the second half of the film becomes a loopy bit of revenge fantasy. The screenplay twists and turns as secrets are revealed, implausibilities mount up, and characters have their ulterior motives exposed. It is chaotic (and tries way too hard), but at least it's fun.  Many who have unfavorably judged "My Kingdom tend to proclaim the first half as brilliant and the second half as the weak link. I, however, tend to disagree. I thought that the introductory premise was so thin and contrived that I never bought into the dramatic substance of the plot. Heck, two seconds after the boys arrive in Shanghai, they are greeted by a street parade extolling an upcoming performance of the man who bested their adoptive father 15 years previously. Hey, that was simple. These two vagabonds issue a challenge to the opera superstar that somehow gets newspaper coverage and makes them headliners in a opera duel. Hey, that was simple too. Now they are legends! Wow, that's a lot for their first day in town! After the duel, the boys must integrate themselves within the existing opera company that includes a defiant leading lady. As one steps into the spotlight and an illicit affair, the other seeks to avenge his family's murder from so many years ago. The remainder of the film plays as a twisty thriller that never feels particularly real. But as the convoluted plotting wraps around itself, I must admit to being amused by it all. It, for me, was far more entertaining than what had preceded it.  The movie itself is elaborately staged. The battle sequences and opera numbers have a pleasing over-the-top quality. 1920's Shanghai is lush and gorgeous and the costuming is memorable. However, it all feels a little flat. The leads are attractive enough, but they lack a gravitas to convince us they can headline an intended epic. I understand they are known pop stars in their country, and that makes sense. The actor who plays a diabolical police investigator seems like he's about twelve and downplays the drama out of every scene. Ultimately, I think "My Kingdom tries to accomplish too much. I personally wish they would have committed to making it an adult soap opera with no pretensions other than to entertain. As is, it's a bit of a mess. I probably liked it for the wrong reasons, but its loopiness is not without its charms. KGHarris, 1/12.
 Did not play well on my computer where I always play many of my DVD videos(def not a PC problem) but I had no problems playing on my home sorround system.
 The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is an over-1200-page voluminous novel. How could this super-long drama be fit into two hours? This film did that misson-impossible task. Compared with French TV-series starring Gerald Depardieu as the Count of Monte Cristo, first half of the story is well depicted, while the latter part is too brief. There is no Valentine nearly poisoned by her step mother, no Haydee, former Turk princess. And the story depends too much on duels so it is more visually described than the original story's deliberate revenge plan. But the relief is that Albert's role is spared and is given a huge part in this drama.  Verdict
 We must allow James Caviezel to be very good at being lashed- I believe, in fact, it was that aspect of this very performance that landed him the role of Jesus in Passion of the Christ. Besides that, he makes a pretty face, along with Guy Pearce, although somehow Pearce seems ESPECIALLY short in this film. Anyways, the acting is so-so, Caviezel plays Dantes as a whiny little brat, Guy Pearce acts like an evil gremlin, and the end ends happily as hollywood must, tho it makes the story more lame. The one reason to watch
 I hate to give this film three stars. Or, rather, I hate that a film based on the book of the same title is worthy of only three stars. In most cases, I do my best to separate my opinions about a piece of literature, on one hand, and a film based on that literature, on the other. And there's no question that this film adequately and entertainingly captures the tale of revenge. What it lacks is the intricacy of Dumas's work, which really captures the meticulous planning and plotting that go into the protagonist's desire for vengeance. I cannot fault the film too much, as the level of detail required might have made this 2 hr. film much, much longer, which can be a fault, unto itself. I do recommend this movie, and for those who find it compelling, I give a far greater recommendation to the book.
 I read the 'Monte Cristo' book a few months before the movie came out and I adored it, so I was really pumped up to see it on screen. First off, the actors were perfectly casted and the director did a great job adapting the book to film. BUT,I have to take points off for the ending. Whenever a book is made into a movie, the plot is tweaked and molded to be more entertaining visually. My issue was not just that the ending was changed, it was the COMPLETE OPPOSITE of what happened in the book! It was totally ridiculous! It was exactly what you would expect to happen, even though it was totally unrealistic. That's why I gave it only three stars. If you're speaking in terms of overall cinematic experience, it's a wonderful film. I suggest that you read the book first, see the movie, and judge for yourself. Or if you've already seen the film, go read the book anyway and see what you missed.
 "The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is one of the great adventure novels of all time, and one would think that it would be the perfect story for an adventure/supense/period film.  Indeed, Kevin Reynold's version is the latest in a long line (the Hallmark televised version may be the best).  Sadly, none of them have done the written work justice.  True, the novel is a complex and detailed work that would require a rather special treatment on the screen. Reynold's version is a good movie, but honestly it is not "The Count of Monte Cristo.  Far too much dramatic license has been taken here in changing the story, the characters and the ending.  Significant characters were left out, parts of the story are not even aluded to, and some things were added to create a "hollywood ending (no, the book ends much differently than this film...and it is far more satisfying).  This film is nicely photographed and produced and is largely well acted (except for the portrayl of Napoleon which does not work...oddly enough Napoleon is never actually "seen in the novel, he is always off-stage, so to speak).  Enjoy this film for what it is, then treat yourself and pick up a copy of the novel.
 The production value, cast, acting, storyline, etc. of this were good and entertaining. The problem is the movie is more UNLIKE the book than it is like the book.  If you want to watch a movie of the book itself, you will want to look at <a href="http
 Great flick for a Saturday night during the winter.  The camera work and filmaking were excellent, Italy and France never looked so good from the sea.  The actors were good, the novel was represented fairly well, and this movie moves along at a good pace.  The classic themes of revenge, adultery, deceipt, redemption, father vs. son, friend vs. friend, lover vs. lover, are all in this movie.  While this movie will not win a ton of awards, compared to so much of the low quality movies out there today, this movie definitely receives a grade of  B  or higher.  Worth seeing.
 For all its production values and sweep this version of THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO remains insipid. The characters are thumbnail sketches, which lack all the depth necessary to convey the true meaning of this story. There is no sense of revenge, lost love or even enlightenment of revealed secrets. Instead of really feeling sympathy for the wronged Edmund Dantes you may actually feel disdain for his naivete. Richard Harris brings some life and period humor as Dantes' mentor and prison mate. This portion of the film is very good being well developed and structured. However, when Dantes escapes and returns as the Count it seems like the rest of the film got compressed to fit it into a pre-determined time slot.
 This version of <a href="http
 Great Sale, however it was not in very good condition bc there was writing on the DVD.
 The original story by Dumas is a timeless classic. For me this film is not a great adaptation. Much of the film occurs in "Dark-o-Vision"...using only natural light or candlelight. Perhaps more realistic, but frustrating for lack of details to savor, and confusion during several action sequences. There are several outdoor scenes that have radical changes in lighting. The end duel occurs in bright sunny daylight and dark cloudy weather, all in a matter of minutes. The lead character just doesn't seem to have the from the gut passion he should have. Actually the leads are just quick sketches, and not allowed enough  time to become more than just puppets.I think too much precious screen time in spent in the set-up. This time should have been better spent in the social/educational/fighting re-awakening prison training sceens, especially when you have such an interesting and fascinating actor such as Richard Harris as the instructor. The delicious machinations of revenge, and the crushing realisation when the original betrayers are destroyed are not here, to be enjoyed by us or the protagonist. When he finally during his escape "gets even with the whip wielding warden it is confusing and not satisfying for us the audience. Yes, revenge is wrong, and that message is reached at the conclusion...but it is a major audience pleaser, "the money shot and shouldn't be glossed over, nor ultimately condoned. The swordfights were well choreographed, but filmed in a confusing manner, and without pace. For me the only part that reached wonder was when the Count first appears, in the balloon. But even that scene is quickly ended on a flat note. This is where the storey should start to reach an exiting level, allowing us and him to revel in his new rich and glamorous lifestyle, but always with the anger simmering underneath. There is some great location photography. Wonderful costumes. Good effort, but does not do the Dumas story justice. This is just my opinion, and does not mean any more or less than any one else's.
 From the producers of RUSH HOUR and the director of WATERWORLD comes this handsomely filmed adaptation of the Alexandre Dumas novel. Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is betrayed by his friend Fernand Guy Pearce)and wrongfully imprisoned. While locked up he is educated and instructed in swordsmanship by an elderly man (Richard Harris) in the neighboring cell. Soon Dantes hatches an escape plan and sets off to exact revenge on his former friend. Dantes transforms himself into the mysterious nobleman, The Count Of Monte Cristo in order to get closer to Fernand and win his trust, thus setting his plot in motion. COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is an entertaining movie, though the first 20 minutes are a bit of a bore. Pearce and Cavizel are good and the fight sequences are well done; but the pace is a bit stodgy in parts and may try the viewers patience. It's also not that faithful to the book, but this is a Hollywood movie. The people who give these movies the green light have probably never read a full length novel in their lives. It's all about the $BOX OFFICE RETURN$!$. That said, this is still far superior to previous Dumas films 1993's THREE MUSKETEERS; and 2001's inexplicably bad THE MUSKETEER and a decent way to kill a couple of hours. Extras include Director's commentary, deleted scenes, dailies comparisons and an interesting feature where the viewer can play a selected scene from the movie and watch it with the dialogue, foley or music tracks playing separately.
 I would say that the movie was good, but after reading the book does no justice to the Real Character of Edmond Dantes.  By all means watch the movie!The acting for one is BRILLIANT. IT is Good as I said .. but I could not help noticing that it missed the point of the many important Characters and historical points that Alexander Dumas in the book covered.  I only comment as I felt the book better and the movie seemed to bend and cut and paste people and events described in the book to make almost a mokery of the clear moral ground Dumas stood on in the area of Revenge and Providence.  Makes interesting food for thought. READ the Book first. Do the story Justice Hollywood and tell it how it is. 
 this is in general a very bland movie with inappropriate castings, further ruined by a lame screenplay. scenes and settings are all okay but all the major roles simply failed to deliver an in-depth viewing feelings. the make-up jobs for all the casts were also terrible. after 15 years (based on the age of dantes' son) gone by, nobody seemed to change a bit, but nobody seemed to recognize nobody, that's ridiculous. the ending also sucks. adapted from this great novel that i've read and re-read three times, this was perhaps the worst one transcribed from the novel. what a waste of great settings and costumes. we simply failed to feel anything emotional during the watch.
 I enjoyed the movie and I purchased it to add to my dvd collection.  Unfortunately the particular disc I received from Amazon was flawed and unwatchable. Hope you have better luck.
 Well, there's one thing that's hard to go wrong with and that's a classic story. It's hard to fault the plot, when it's based on a renowned classic like Dumas' The Count Of Monte Cristo, even if it is a simple revenge tale. Unfortunately, none of the acting rises above the page. None of the leading men are quite manly. James Caviezel who plays Edmond Dantes and Guy Pearce, who plays Fernand Mondego both come across a little weak as swashbucklers. Caviezel tends to be a blank slate anyway, but I really liked Pearce in Memento, so I was a little disappointed to see his be such a weak character. You do dislike Fernand Mondego and want to see him meet his demise, but Pearce could have taken it much further and given Caviezel more distance to grow as a character. Richard Harris may have walked through this role, but he delivers the best performance of all the actors. Overall, it's a good Saturday movie if you want to watch some guys sword fight a little bit and not have to think to much.
 I watched this movie with great anticipation after reading the book however, I quickly realized that this is not the same story that Dumas put on paper all those many years ago.  If you have never read his book it will entertain you.  It was entertaining but again it was not even close to the book.  It would be better titled "Kinda like the Count...Cristo".
 Because I read the Count of Monte Cristo in it's entirety three times in high school I was disappointed with the liberties the director has taken in this cinematic version of the film.  It starts out fine but about 1/5th of the way into the movie it begins to depart dramatically from the book.  I guess if you have never read the book the movie might be ok but I was so hoping to see the whole story of the Count of Monte Cristo told in all it's glory in the DVD.  The story line is based loosely on the story as written by Alexandre Dumas but it departs in very significant ways from the book so much so that by the end it doesn't resemble the book at all.
 Only an eternal optimist expects great things from a book-to-screen adaptation.  This  optimist expected at least good things from this 2002 version of Dumas' classic tale of revenge, mostly due to the casting of Guy Pearce and James Caviezel.  But just a few short minutes into the film, it becomes apparent that this was going to be the  Count of Monte Cristo  in name only. In my view the power of the book rests in the character of Edmond Dantes (later the Count).  In the film version, Monte Cristo is depicted as a rich fool, unable to command respect and totally devoid of subtlety
 This is a very good documentary on the subject of credit card debt and predatory lending, but doesn't pack the emotional punch of a similar documentary titled Maxed Out that came out roughly at the same time.  The documentary shows as a society that the middle and lower classes are drowning in a sea of debt from payday loan places and credit card debt.  It offers some good advice and gives a lot of cause for concern, but leaves you with a feeling of unanswered questions and wanting more information.  It does however show you that debt is often not caused by stupidity or foolishness but by circumstances that could affect any one of us.
 This is yet another of the gathered-for-the-reading-of-the-will-in-the-spooky-house with-secret-passages-and-a-murderer subgenre. And while I find it hard to believe that there is anyone who legitimately can hate these kind of movies, there are admittedly some that work far better than others. One Body Too Many finds middle ground. It begins with some cleverness in setting up the scenario. The will's gimmick is farfetched but assured an offbeat night of criminal mayhem
 I borrowed my title from "The Shadow.  I have no idea why, but since most of the action in this movie takes place at night, the phrase seemed appropriate.  Anyway, insurance salesman Albert Tuttle (Jack Haley, whose career included the Shirley Temple movies "Poor Little Rich Girl and "Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm, and the role of the Tin Man in "The Wizard of Oz"), arrives at the home of Mr. Cyrus Wentworth, where he is supposed to be selling Mr. Wentworth an insurance policy.  Unfortunately, Mr. Wentworth has already passed away.  Mr. Wentworth has specified that certain conditions must be met before his heirs get the goodies.  On the other hand, if the conditions are not met, the terms of his will are to be reversed.  Soon people are dying and disappearing, and Albert Tuttle ends up in a coffin in the pond.  It is mostly in good fun with periodic humor thrown in.  Bela Lugosi lurks about as butler Murkil.  Since I knew of Bela Lugosi's history in horror I kept thinking that Lugosi was the bad guy in this movie.  You will have to watch and see about that.  This movie has all the attributes of an Old Dark House type of movie.  There are sinister locations and characters, and murders that seem to have been impossible.  We do not find out who is doing all the deeds until the end of the movie, which is full of action.  This movie is neither the best in this genre nor the worst.  This movie did have some fun moments and I found myself glued to the television while waiting for events to unfold.  Fans of 1940's murder mysteries will find this one to be interesting to watch with several very enjoyable scenes.  Enjoy!
 This film begins at a Life Insurance Company. Eight million dollars was a lot of money then. One agent wants to make a big sale. A lawyer reads the last will for millionaire Cyrus Rutherford. Was he of a sound mind? The heirs will have to live in the house until after the burial. Who will watch the body? Are there too many rats around? "This coffee will not keep you awake. Will the insurance agent be mistaken for a detective? Who will benefit from the will? Who hit Albert? What happened to the body? Does the plot have a clue to the villain? Who will hide the body?  Will they find a dead body? The telephone line is also dead. Will Albert be rescued? Is there a secret passage in the old house? Will Albert wander in different rooms? [Does this pad out the story?] "I think I've had enough. "I can explain everything. Will another body be found? Or two? Will the real killer be discovered? Will they all fall into a trap? The last scenes provide an explanation. "Such fine coffee! [Coffee was rationed during the war.]  This film is still entertaining after seven decades. A bigger budget would have made it a better film. But there was war-time rationing for movie sets.
 Albert Tuttle (Jack "Tin Man Haley) is an eager life insurance salesman on a mission. He's been trying to get an appointment with Cyrus Rutherford, a reclusive, eccentric millionaire for months. Tonight, he's finally done it! Unfortunately, his latest policy prospect has just died, leaving a mansion full of greedy relatives, waiting for their share of the inheritance. Tuttle arrives and is mistaken for a guy who was supposed to guard the old boy's body, so the relatives can sleep without worrying about who might bury uncle Cyrus (a stipulation in the will forbids burial). ONE BODY TOO MANY has plenty of mystery, murders, secret passages, and enough laughs to keep things fun. Jean Parker (Beyond Tomorrow) is the love interest. Bela Lugosi is his normal grumpy self as the butler who is constantly pushing coffee on people that just might be poisoned! Lyle Talbot (Plan 9 From Outer Space, Torture Ship) is suave, dapper, and in constant search of booze. All in all, a good flick for a cold, clammy night...
 George Pal's films have always had a warm and fuzzy feeling - except this one. However, how else would such a creative genius and pioneer in stop-motion approach such a bleak story but with a hopeful tone.  The charactors - Alan Young's Mr. Philby stands out - add flesh to the Victorian era story of an inventor who could easily destroy the world, but winds up (possibly) saving mankind from itself.  The special effects were good for their time and the acting pretty much stands up (and Yvette Mimmieux looks fabulous!)but the story and the kindly treatment by Mr. Pal are everything.
 I can understand if a viewer has only seen a VHS release of this film, worse still a rental copy, that this DVD would probably exceed expectations. Some of us though have seen the Laserdisc as well so our expectations of the DVD were a little higher. Frankly, I think Warner has given "The Time Machine a better than average transfer for Warner. I also don't think that is saying much either. The aspect ratio is off, details at Amazon.com give it 1
 Wow! I had just seen the trailer for TLS, a month or so before it was released, and was impressed. All previous attempts at a decent samurai film (save the 7 Samurai) had been complete flops but this promised to be a success. Loosely, I think, based on James Clavell's Shogun with close ties to Dances With Wolves. A washed up and aggressive western barbarian is civilized by the natives and comes to the blinding realisation that he is, in fact, the real enemy; then switches sides - Evident in Shogun, TLS and Dances with Wolves. In any case, I patiently waited for the following month to end and my hype to be satisfied.  So, armed with my ticket, a bucket of popcorn and an inexhaustable supply of cool drinks I sat down unprepared for what was about to arrive.  For anyone even remotely educated with regards to Japanese culture this movie would be instantly labelled inaccurate and a misinterpretation of the Samurai warrior.  The movie is fraught with mistakes and a serious lack of understanding of what 'Honour' actually meant to a Samurai. For God's sake, not even the seppuku scene is done properly!!!  The acting, as with most Cruise movies, is about par, the only decent performance comming from Ken Watanabe for Katsumoto. The story is dry and lacks support, even with the special effecs, music and costume (Which are supprisingly good) it drags this movie, kicking and screaming, in to an adequeate 3 stars. The characters lack uniqueness and originality, making the movie a mission to watch, as they all follow the same predictable pattern. The genre is mixed, with no real consistency and tries dismally to blend it's bloodthirsty action/thriller nature with a more dramatic and historical theme.  There is very little to credit this film and it provides itself as another mere supplement for my love of Japanese orientated movies, will there ever be one that is is comletely satisfactory? Kids may enjoy this movie, as will the more bored or ignorant adults - but any educated man will steer clear of giving this excuse for a movie any praise.
 I bought this DVD on total impulse since i already own it on reg. DVD. I figured this would look really beautiful in HD and i was happy with the quality of the picture. The only think i found lacking in this version is the volume of the sound. I had to crank my TV all the way up just to get some good sound out of it. Perhaps it was an error in the DVD pressing plant or maybe the original soundtrack was mis-recorded...i dont know. Overall this gets 3 stars from me and it would have been 4 stars if the sound wasnt so low.
 For many western viewers, this may be the first "samurai film that they have watched with only a vague and rudiamentary knowledge of who the samurai were, what they symbolized, and how they arose and declined in power.  The more one knows about the samurai, the more "phoney this film appears to be.  Make no mistake, this film is more about samurai ideals rather than the actual samurai.  This film romanticizes the samurai warrior class when many people understand the samurai as nothing more than a bunch of sword-wielding bullies who enforced the will of the local warlord or Daimyo.  There's an early scene in the movie "SHOGUN where a samurai instantly sliced off the head of a peasant who simply did not bow in the presence of a samurai.  I watched Kurosawa's "RAN (before watching "THE LAST SAMURAI in the cinema) where the samurai are portrayed as self-destructive powermongers.  "THE LAST SAMURAI looks good visually, but its potential as a great film is compromised by Tom Cruise's egotism and Hollywood's cliches and obligatory plot devices (such as the weak "happy ending).  Nonetheless, this film is a good introduction to the CONCEPT of the samurai to anyone who knows little about this complex warrior elite that have come to symbolize the old agrarian Japan that is now seemingly lost in today's technocratic Japan.  By the way, Japan's new modern army was modelled along Prussian lines.  The sight of American officers training Japanese soldiers wearing Prussian-looking uniforms continues to leave me baffled.  On the other hand, it's a Hollywood film where it is too commercially risky to cast Tom Cruise as a German officer named "Fritz who drowns his sorrows in shnapps instead of whisky.
 The Last Samurai is a showcase for Tom Cruise and he does a credible job of portraying Civil War veteran Nathan Algren who is haunted by his role in the slaughter of native Americans at the Battle of Little Big Horn.  He is hired to train the  modern  Japanese army in defense of Samurai warriors who persist in rebelling against modernization of the Japanese culture.  Cruise warns that his troops are not ready for battle and his prediction proves to be correct when he is defeated and captured.  He learns to respect the Samurai as he lives among them and learns their ways.  They return him to his people, but he begins to see that nobility lies with the Samurai and not with those who are trying to modernize Japan.  It is all quite simplistic and the characters are pretty much stereotyped.  There are lots of battle scenes, but never does this movie touch the emotions of the viewer.  There are tears shed, but they are all shed by the actors and not the viewers.  This is an epic film which fails to be a great one.
 I am not here to write about the movie... it's a good flick and worth owning.  However, the blu ray version would not play on my BD30K machine with the latest updates.  Not sure if it's the anti-copy protection or the poor implementation of blu ray from Sony.  Either way I can't watch it.
 First off, let me state that this is an enjoyable film to watch.  It is entertaining and truly worth a watch.  However... It is basically a rehash of Dances with Wolves (check out the Samurai village and the Native American references)
 Good costumes, terrific and brutal battle scenes in a breath-taking sequence which often resembles "Braveheart and a few hints of the samurai tradition, but the final result is rather mediocre, because the story itself has a weak historical foundation and little relation to reality. I can hardly imagne rebel samurais slaying so remorselessly their brethren who serve in the national Japanese Army, and 19th century was certainly not like the 16th century ("the golden age of Japan") when the rival warlords were fighting each other in an endless series of savage but highly ritual battles. Edward Zwick's work is a good "modern action movie but certainly not a classic. The obvious lack of authenticity leaves the film with only 3 stars. It is no match for Kurosawa's epic films.
 I enjoyed the movie. The sets and scenary were beautiful. The acting was excellent. Tom Cruise created a complex character. The battle scenes were reminscent of Braveheart. The comparison to  Dancing with Wolves  is fairly accurate. Both movies argue the thesis that other cultures are inherently superior morally and spiritually to the spiritually bankrupt Western European/United States culture. There was a lot of spurting blood. The fight scene between ninjas and Samurai was good.   The clash of cultures was interesting. I do not know enough about the history of this period to judge its historical accuracy. I know the broad strokes were true. The Japanese Emperor hired Civil War veterans to modernize his armies and the Emperor had to put down the Ronans because they refused to modernize. There are probably far better Japanese movies of the period.  My main gripe about the movie was the ending. The movie went on too long. I enjoyed the movie, but the ending left a bad taste in my mouth.
 I enjoyed  The Last Samurai  as a piece of epic entertainment, but it misses true greatness by at least a mile. The movie might best be described as a hybrid of  Dances With Wolves  and  Braveheart,  with maybe a little  Gladiator  thrown in. I kept feeling like I'd seen this movie before. Actually, the movie works best when it's in  Dances  mode, chronicling the adventures of a depressed white Civil War hero (Cruise in the Costner role) who adopts the lifestyle and teachings of a threatened civilization and ends up defending said civilization against encroaching white society. This is the most compelling aspect of the movie, even though its structure is borrowed whole from a film that most people now claim to despise because of its  political correctness.  Cruise is very good as Nathan Algren, the alien in 19th century Japan, caught in the middle of a civil war of another kind, between ancient Samurai warriors and a government seeking to  modernize  itself with weapons imported from the U.S. He's bested by Ken Watanabe as a Samurai tribal chief interested in learning the ways of his enemy. Algren eventually becomes an honorary Samurai himself and fights against his own people, in a climactic battle lifted entirely from  Braveheart.  Most of the action scenes are exciting, and there's plenty of Bushido lore and swordplay to keep Samurai enthusiasts happy. The photography is gorgeous, too. But it's still Hollywood's idea of an alien culture, a story told through the eyes of a white man who, by definition, can never fully experience the culture which the movie itself so desperately wants us to understand.
 In THE LAST SAMURAI, Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a self loathing, alcoholic, Civil War vet just fired from giving demonstrations of Winchester rifles. A former comrade (Billy Connolly) gets him a job training the new Japanese Army to fight against the samurai, who are rebelling against moderization. Algren is captured by the samurai and becomes an ally of Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe), the samurai leader. I'm not a huge Cruise fan, but I do think this is one of his better performances. He seems to have a knack for displaying self-disgust (MAGNOLIA) and he taps into it here. The film's first act is its strongest part. Cruise is believably decrepit, and the opening battle, where the samurai swoop down on the frightened Japanese soldiers, is haunting. Indeed all of the action scenes are very well put together. In the film's middle section, Cruise learns how wonderful it is to be Japanese and follow the way of the Samurai. This seems to consist of walking around, meditating, and practicing swordfighting. Cruise and Wantanabe have several metaphysical conversations, and Wantanabe performs with wonderful wit and economy, but nothing happens for far too long. THE LAST SAMURAI is entertaining, if a bit bloated, and contains several superior action sequences.
 Call it "Dances with Asians or "Japaneseheart, Edward Zwick's "The Last Samurai suffers from a near-fatal case of seen-it-before-itis.  If the "I haven't figured out the right dose of Ritalin to take yet presence of Tom Cruise grates on your nerves as much as it does mine, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find that he at times gives a measured and even subtle performance as a shell-shocked cavalry officer prostituting himself to teach the Japanese military the brutally efficient techniques of Western warfare.  His supporting cast of talented Asian actors is better, though even Ken Watanabe, who at times resembles Lawrence Fishburne in expression and intensity, is no Toshiro Mifune.  Where the movie breaks down is with John Logan's shallow script, which like most Western films about the East, implies complexity mostly by making Asians esoteric and tight-lipped; but for all of the posturing, there is no real wisdom offered in a story meant to explore culture clash.  Instead, viewers are distracted by battle scenes that probably would have seemed grand had the aforementioned films (with corrected titles), as well as "Gladiator and "The Last of the Mohicans, not beaten this one to the punch.  Zwick even plagiarizes his own film, the much better "Glory, and fans of Hans Zimmer's "The Thin Red Line soundtrack will be pleased to note that some of it seems to make its way into this film.  All in all, "The Last Samurai isn't a bad film.  With an attractive cast and nods to historical authencity, such as ill-fitting uniforms, it's also not bad to look at, even if some suspiciously modern looking powerlines turn up in one scene.  It's just that we've seen most of it already.
 How come, when all the people get cut down in a full charge INTO a huge array of guns, Tom Cruise lives?  That's crap.  Anything to have a Hollywood, idiot ending, I guess.  It's a suicide charge, yet our guy goes back to his little darlin' afterwards.  What a load of crap!  Thanks.
 As a movie, this title earns 5 stars, as a blu-ray, it earns one. I can honestly say that this is possibly one of the worst quality blu-ray movies I've viewed. It is a simple, unashamed upmix from the DVD. I own the DVD, so as a test I compared the blu ray and the DVD upmixed by a PS3. The DVD looked better. The blue ray has so much film grain that the black areas are completely overrun by blue pixelation. I will cede that the blu-ray has a Dolby HD soundtrack, but you wont care because the visual presentation is so poor.  Bottom line
 Though set in Japan, "The Last Samurai is an American film for American audiences.  Through emotionally scarred American cavalry office Nathan Algren, we are introduced to Japan's traditional (and completely mythical) samurai culture, supposedly threatened by the country's 19th century industrialization.  Traumatized by his role in the extermination of the Native Americans, Algren redeems himself by joining with surrogate Noble Savages, samurai warriors rebelling against the new modern Japan.  As far as it went, the film was enjoyable enough -- elaborately choreographed action and stunning (New Zealand) landscapes.  I need to remove one star for the painfully forced romance between Cruise and Koyuki.  Another goes for the ludicrous liberties the film takes with history.  Learning about the actual events after seeing this film, I was amazed by the way the filmmakers had completely and brazenly rewritten them.  Their attitude goes beyond carelessness or artistic reinterpretation to downright contempt for reality.  Essentially, "The Last Samurai is pure fantasy that pretends to be historical.  Of course, there's nothing wrong with fantasy -- unless it tries to pass itself off as reality.  In reality, the 25,000-strong rebel army fought with modern weapons and tactics.  Indeed, their first actions were to raid government armories and steal as many guns and as much ammunition as they could, which didn't turn out to be enough.  Zwick's vision of sword-swinging, armor-wearing samurai is as absurd as having the Battle of Gettysburg fought out between lance-wielding knights in shining armor.  It would look pretty cool but be impossible to take seriously.  Perhaps this historical fantasy is the reason the film quite explicitly backs what was by any reasonable standard the wrong side in Japan's struggle over modernization.  It's odd, isn't it, that a film from a country that takes such pride in freedom and democracy should glorify an oppressive, xenophobic, militaristic, medieval caste system and demonize the people and forces that brought Japan such modern plagues as as political equality and universal education.  Indeed, Watanabe's character was the first to call for Japan to invade Korea and expand its Empire onto the Asian mainland, and the government's refusal to do so played a large part in his decision to join the rebels.  "The Last Samurai", although it pretends to be historical, does its best to avoid unpleasant historical reality by focusing on an idealized myth of samurai bravery, dedication and willingness to die for their traditional (and fictional) way of life.  It does the same thing for premodern Japan as "Gone with the Wind does for the slaveholding South -- invents an idyllic past and covers up all the unpleasant bits that might make one question the value of slavery or feudalism.  An odd thought struck me while watching the final glorious kamikaze charge
 I think it's fair to assume that the majority of Tom Cruise's fans aren't particularly interested in Samurai movies--and the majority of Samurai movie fans aren't too interested in Tom Cruise.  Personally, I avoided this movie for quite a while because of Cruise in the leading role.  To my surprise-his performance was credible--though there are a few absurd moments-such as an early battle scene where Cruise is fighting off a half dozen or so Samurai single handed (though he does get wounded)  As someone who's lived in Japam twice--I was also amazed by how easily Cruise's character picked up Japanese!  Nit picking aside-I enjoyed this movie--except for the ending which was about as lame as anything imaginable.  IMO--this movie would have been better if it had ended with the climatic scene at the end of the Samurai attack--where it appears all the Samurai are dead or dying--Cruise included.  If it had ended here-I would have rated the move 4 stars--but the "epilogue was a disaster!  Still--if you're like me and have a problem with Tom Cruise as a "Samurai"--give it a try--the story is enjoyable and entertaining.  Anyone who enjoyed "Shogun will also probably enjoy the Last Samurai!
 The basic idea for this film was original, juxtaposing the two very different cultures of 19th century American soldiers and Samurai warriors.  The acting was better than I expected.  Tom Cruise is a much better actor than many of his big budget action flicks would suggest; on the all too rare occassion that he takes on an interesting script, his performances are quite impressive (e.g. Born on the Fourth of July, Interview with a Vampire).  To some extent, this film is an attempt to mix the traditional action-Cruise with the more intense and inwardly tortured character seen in his better works.  And as a result the film left me with somewhat mixed impressions.  Certainly the film has its moments; there are scenes that are beautifully shot and choreographed.  Unfortunately, however, other scenes are so absurdly unrealistic (I'm sorry, no amount of warrior ethos can begin to match the withering blast of a gatling gun) that I was left feeling a bit flat with the result.
 I missed seeing The Last Samurai in the theatre but decided to buy a copy anyway because it looked good in the ads and the write-ups I'd read.  Tom Cruise plays the role of Captain Nathan Algren, former Indian fighter in the U.S. Army (bits of this are shown in flashbacks)now a pathetic drunken loser reduced to giving sales demonstrations of Winchester rifles.  He's contacted by a former associate and takes on the job of instructing the newly formed Japanese Imperial Army. The story is set in 1876 or so at a time of great change in Japan, the forces of modernization fast pacing Japan into the modern age. Part of this mission involves rooting out the last Samurai holdouts. Algren leads his recruits into battle, his recruits are massacred and after a valiant fight he is captured by the very man he is supposed to deal with. Taken to the Samurai village as a prisoner Algren gradually learns their ways, even learns to respect them. Algren eventually, after failing to reintegrate with his own people (and the dishonorable Japanese modernizers who I wanted to see get killed),joins with the Samurai in a battle to the death with the new Imperial Army. This is of course a slaughter with swords & spears against rifles & Gatling guns. The Imperial soldiers are so shamed by what they've done that they refuse an order to kill Algren and the Emperor strips the chief "New Japan leader of everything he has.  You never really learn what happens to Algren, it seems he goes back to the stronghold and the lead Samurai's widow, but that is presented as maybe he did, who knows?  I thought the story was interesting, Cruise did a good job, but something was lacking- I'm not sure what. The costumes/ weapons were great, most of the sets/ locations were too ( a real sense of being in Japan)I just needed something more. Some of the extras are very interesting, I liked learning about how things were built or designed. The section about the film's Premiere in Japan was alright with the Japanese cast giving their thought's about the show although I thought the  I like Tom Cruise stuff was a little to strong,the History Channel mini-documentary was too Cruise-ey for my taste as well.
  The Last Samurai  is the same story as  Dances with Wolves  - bitter Civil War vet goes off to a far away land and encounters a group of people looked down upon by Western Civ as  savages  but are instead a poetic and noble culture.  The idea is nice, but overly simplifies feudal Japan, which wasn't exactly a peaceful and idyllic place all of the time. The acting is good, the story is OK, but the ending is downright silly and unnecessary.  I won't spoil it for those that haven't yet seen the movie, but let's just say that the  true  ending would've involved Tom Cruise meeting a noble death on the battlefield.  Instead, he lives happily ever after, which was not the message of the rest of the movie.
 sometimes makes a good movie. The Last Samurai is. Historical? Hardly. Take a few grains
 Good American samurai movie, but the ending was totally hollywood. If you want to see a real samurai movie check out Azumi and aragami.
 When I watch it at first time, I really respected of Samurai. Tom played as captain Algren who is fascinated by Samurai. It was very good film.But, we should not think that is like Japanese history, because the time when film set up and some buildings such as house, castle is different period of Japan.
 I was kinda disappointed at "The Last Samurai".  I was attracted to the idea of an American soldier, as played by Tom Cruise, and a group of samurai.  However, what I discovered was a carbon copy of other works by director Edward Zwick, plus a little "Dances With Wolves on the side.  Let's see
 I enjoyed the film, and will watch it again.   It certainly does have its limitations though... Insufficient character development, under-developed plot, and a fair amount of things that in perspective to the history and culture being treated are just plain silly.   This film could have been so much more, but alas it seems the film makers just didn't have it in them to go beyond the ordinary and produce something truly special.   The soundtrack was the usual sorry mediocrity put out by Zimmer.. (to cut him some slack, it seems he works too much - how many films does he score in a year?)    Ultimate conclusion
 Wouldn't it be funny if a Japanese film crew made a film about a Japanese person who visited America during the Civil War, saw how honorable the black freedom fighters were and how violent and greedy the white people were, and in the end--falls in love with the country, symbolized by his sexual conquest of American women, symbolized by a single female character in the whole film, who has to wear a corset and cook turkeys?  Let us call it something celebratory and romantic, like, The Last Confederate.  I'm sure Americans would flock to see this "authentic film!  QUESTION
 i'm really suprised nobody saw the movie in the way I did. Ok, yes the movie has plenty of beautiful imagery, it showcases the samurai traditions, and it respects that. However, that's just scrating the surface. Dig deeper and you'll realize that what this movie is saying is - you need one white guy to save the country of Japan. I find it very condescending. The last samurai in this movie is Ken Watanabe's character, not Tom Cruise as the movie cover suggests.
 The fight scenes in this movie were awesome. The historical themes were also very cool. But the dialogue was bad. Not the worst I've ever seen, but still pretty bad. This is not a movie I can watch over and over again.
 This movie will almost certainly appeal to persons who like action films and quasi historical epics. I found the movie generally interesting and entertaining as a movie. However, as an historical epic it is quite lacking. The plot in the movie and especially the character played by Tom Cruise often reminded me of the "Shogun television mini-series and the film "Dances with Wolves. The ending also reminded me of "The Charge of the Light Brigade, starring Errol Flynn. I also think "The Last Samurai tends to somewhat overly romanticize the samurai in Japan of the 1860's.    People can honestly debate whether a film's significant historical inaccuracies justly merit criticism and/or an overall less favorable review. As an action movie i would rate "The Last Samurai four stars. However, for many of the same reasons why I have considerable reservations about the very unrealistic character played by Kevin Costner in "Dances with Wolves, I will give "The Last Samurai only three stars.    "The Last Samurai is certainly worth watching. However, the  army officer played by Tom Cruise detracts from the historical validity in the film of the negative reaction by many of the samurai to modernization efforts in Japan during the late 1860's. The movie would have been potentially better, in my opinion, if the samurai story had been told entirely from a Japanese point of view.
 In the last few years, epics have seen an amazing resurgence, climaxing in the classic "Lord of the Rings trilogy.  And most of the other epics have been staisfying as well, with "Gladiator being but one standout.  But the Tom Cruise vehicle "The Last Samurai it not one of the them.  Problems here start with the films bankable star.  The role of Nathan Algren is a challenging one, with emotional torture brewing behind his eyes and a sullen demanor in his walk.  But moments where Cruise hits these needed traits are few and far between.  Cruise plays Algren as a statue who poses as a heroic monolith for the camera, in other words Algren comes off as other characters Cruise has played in the past.  The only actor who stands out is Ken Watanabe, a Japanese actor who makes his english languange debut.  He brings a sense of dignity and intensity to the character of Katsumoto, a Samurai leader who is the last of a dying breed and a dying code  Perhaps you can blame the films' director, Edward Zwick (Legends of the Fall, The Siege).  Zwick lets the film drag between inspired moments and the whole film seems  overlong and ponderous, not to mention derivative.  Screenwriter John Logan (Gladiator, The Aviator) borrows one too many plot details from other films that came before him, especially "Dances With Wolves.  One tries to take the film on its own terms, but the similarities are too glaring.  Logan wanted the film to be a classic, but it falls far short.  That's not to say the film does not have its merits, which why "The Last Samurai is so frustrating to watch.  When it does get good, it's breathtaking.  The $120 million production is a visual feast, with beautiful sets juxtaposed seamlessly with sweeping locales in Japan and New Zealand.  The film's visual pedigree is furthured by the wondrous cinematography of John Toll.  Toll, a two-time academy award winner, is a master at what he does.  The film is gorgeously shot and the hectically edited battle scenes are given a sense of clarity and extra punch, especially when set to Hans Zimmers' muscular score.  One only wishes that the reat of the film lived up to this high standard.  It could have been one of the best epics ever.
 The Last Samurai is typical of epic Hollywood war-action/adventure films --impressive scenery, musical score and battle scenes, yet bogged down in cliches and contrived situations. Tom Cruise plays Captain Algren, an 1870s war hero who is tormented by memories of brutal battles against Indians. He is persuaded to travel to Japan to train the army to fight against the samurai, Japan's traditional warriors. The Japanese government, motivated by financial reasons, wants to modernize and develop relations with the West; the samurai, who represent Japan's noble cultural and warrior heritage, resist these changes.  Algren is not given sufficient time to properly train the army in the ways of modern warfare; he is forced to confront the samurai, who defeat the modern army with their discipline and ferocity. This is where the film lost me. Algren himself is only captured after single-handedly fighting off something like a dozen samurai warriors. It is of course a cliche of martial arts movies that the hero can take on countless opponents, but this film is more ambitious and attempts to be realistic, and it is absurd to imagine a man untrained in these traditional martial arts defeating all of these elite warriors with their own weapons. At this point, I was resigned to watching a generic Tom Cruise action hero rather than a believable character. Algren is captured and allowed to recuperate so that the samurai might learn something of their enemy (there had to be some excuse for letting him live). He is even trained in their martial arts, which seems unlikely. Why would they train an enemy combatant? And the time it takes him to learn to fight with their weapons only highlights how unrealistic it was that he was unbeatable in his first battle (where he would more likely have been killed). Algren predictably comes to admire the samurai way of life and eventually sympathizes with their struggle. The film attempts to examine the complex issue of preserving traditions in a rapidly changing world. This is largely expressed in conversations between Algren and a samurai named Katsumoto (well played by Ken Watanabe). A woman named Taka (Koyuki) is the inevitable love interest, as the wife of a man Algren killed in battle. She struggles between her grief and growing fondness for Algren. Although some of the interaction between Algren and Katsumoto is interesting, the film has a basic contradiction that it never really resolves.  It is superficially a sympathetic exploration of a traditional culture, yet at the same time it revels in the stereotype of the Great White Man who travels to distant lands and saves the day, a book and movie tradition that goes back at least as far as Kipling, where British colonists tamed the "primitive people of Africa and Asia. Again, The Last Samurai seems to be more on the side of the colonized, yet this is belied by the huge role played by the Tom Cruise character.  Perhaps the most effective scene in the film is the last battle, where we see a rapid-firing cannon mowing down samurai warriors. This image is a stark image of modern society mechanically wiping out a less technologically advanced culture. Unfortunately, I didn't find most of the film equal to this theme. I think a better portrayal of a similar story can be found in the miniseries (based on a novel by James Clavell)  Shogun.
 Ken Watanabe is amazing!! With his laconic  I like this Custer  he encapsulates everything that is both wonderful and horrible about the code of Bushido.  The cinematography is great, especially in all the battle scenes.  The scene when the samurai charge through the mist at the conscripts, but at first all you see is their fearsome outlines,  WOW! The scenes in the village when the samurai are training, and later, when the young archer holds off the ambush, are also beautifully shot. The attention to detail in the costuming is fantastic. Ngila Dickson definitely deserves her two Oscar nominations, and could have won for either Samurai or ROTK. But Tom Cruise was completely the wrong choice for his character. He is such a modern icon that he simply cannot play a period role. Everything about him (looks, voice, movement) stopped the movie dead in its tracks. And some of the script was pretty lame, but this was the kind of movie you look at, not listen to. Subtitles over Hans Zimmer's always-great soundtrack wouldn't have been a bad choice.
 I don't understand why people take this film so seriously, because I couldn't for the life of me. That is not to say the film is altogether bad...it offers some guilty pleasure action sequences, but then again that's all it can offer up. Considering what the producers had going into this, they really handled several issues in an amatuer fashion. Let's take, for example, just the mere existance of Tom Cruise's character in the story. I can understand why Katsumoto spares him - the dream of the white tiger - although I pondered just how readily this culture of people (who only a decade ago murdered any foreign sailors shipwrecked on their island) could accept him so readily. And even then, he probably should have been more of an observer to the Japanese customs than a participant. Miyamoto Musashi spent his whole life realizing how to become a great warrior, but Tom Cruise's character manages to do it within six months. And please...you have GOT to be kidding me when he uses not only two swords at once, but two LONG swords at once! Not even the greatest samurai could do that, and there's a reason - it's practically impossible. And even if it is possible, you're telling me Tom Cruise has had that much training to do it? The scene where Katsumoto's son takes out a long sword and a short sword is more realistic, as samurai would do that so they could switch from one to the other, but people rarely used katanas in each hand. Oh yes, and I agree with other reviewers here...why does Tom Cruise take six or seven bullets to the torso come out perfectly fine, yet samurai take the same hits and die?  The character development for some people needed work as well. For example, the Irish sergeant that is Tom Cruise's lifelong friend gets killed by the samurai, and a samurai even gets off his horse and stabs the man in the stomach! Yet Tom Cruise forgets his friend and doesn't seem to mind the company of men who killed a man he knew longer than them - in fact we never hear of the Irish sergeant again. And the love story was so unnecessary and unrealistic. Tom Cruise kills the husband of Katsumoto's sister, she says to her nephew that he smells like pigs, and then five minutes later she's having feelings for him? And she actually falls in love with him, and her kids adore him? Why? Because he taught them baseball? I don't know about you, but a person who killed my dad would have to take a bullet for me before I even consider them a friend...let alone my new father. And Tom Cruise's old enemy, an American lieutenant colonel he used to serve under, doesn't do much except walk around and be evil. And what was the purpose of the ninjas, particularly the guy with the Gorbachev birthmark on his cheek? Why would a government leader so bent on stopping traditionalism employ ninjas, who historically sided with the Shogun...who was a SAMURAI! It's almost like they put them in just so they can say, "Hey! We have ninjas! I also took disliking to how INCOMPETANT they made the government characters. When they rescue Katsumoto they use arrows against the guards, which is fine except the guards seem to have a habit of running out into the open with their fronts to the archers, making themselves great targets. Also in the final battle the samurai lay a trap, and the American lieutenant colonel, suggests to send out skirmishers, to which a corrupt government official (who seems to be every where across Japan) simply says, "No need! Send the troops forward! I might also add that the samurai trap for the government troops at the end is planned not by Katsumoto, but by Tom Cruise. Excuse me if I sound like I'm looking for an arguement, but can't the Japanese think on their own? This is the culture that produced Oda Nobunaga, Takeda Shingen, Admiral Togo, and even Admiral Yamamoto, yet it seems in this movie it's as if the idea of war is entirely new to them. There are also a lot of historical inaccuracies in this film as well. For example, there was no lone samurai standing up against the government with less than 500 troops. In fact, the majority of samurai clans to the west supported the foreign traders and backed the Emperor. The Satsuma Rebellion in 1860's, led by the Satsuma and Chosun samurai clans, was the move to stop foreign intervention...but they at one point had an army as large as 40,000 soldiers. In fact, the army of Japan was fairly modernized by the time set in the film, and it was being led and instructed not by military leaders from America or any other foreign nation, but by fellow Japanese such as Aritomo Yamagata who travelled abroad in Europe studying the ways of the west. The only revolt against the government in 1876/1877 was by former army officer Takamori Saigo - and even though he did want to restore the use of samurai, he could bring up a force of 15,000 against the government and held a fairly modernized army, having served in the professional Japanese military - he also lost not in a grand charge but instead his fortress at Kagoshima. I also find it funny that the movie makes the samurai seem like a noble and proud people built on honor and dignity - they fail to mention according to the traditionalist laws a samurai could kill any peasant and get away with it, being of a higher class. The Emperor himself is portrayed as weak and under the influence of advisors, and while the Emperor was indeed surrounded by advisors and the Japanese government began to fall into an oligarchy, it was Emperor Meiji himself who revoked the samurai of their titles and stripped the Shogun of his power, replacing it more and more to his own stature. He was hardly the weak, indecisive ruler they portrayed in this movie, bending to the will of ONE government agent. Oh yeah, and this has got to be "Dances With Wolves II
 The Last Samurai proves to be a very entertaining movie although I thought it was bit too long for the story. Tom Cruise does a good job protraying a guilt-ridden American warrior who was reborn as samurai warrior. It probably helped that his co-star Ken Watanabe proves to be a superior actor and he probably pushed Cruise to the higher level of acting once they began to shared scenes together. On the whole, the movie will worked for most people watching it because it gives a very idealistic look at the Japanese samurai culture at its best. However, most of it proves to be pure historical fantasy at its best. You should never considered that this was the way it was back in Japan of 1876. Outdated armor and thinking are not the way of the Samurai. Samurai, like all warrior types, adjust and adapt to changing warfare. Anyone who even know a thing about the warring period of 1540 to 1615 understand that samurai went from bow and arrow to firearms proficiently very quickly. Where the movie take a major misstep is that while the spirit and teaching of the samurai is tradition based, fighting modes are not. But this is a Hollywood movie made for American taste and perception. This is how many Americans see the samurai warriors of the old and just the way the many foreigners see American history as one of wars between cowboys and Indians or black folks tipping their hats to the white folks, this movie catered to best of the sternotypes. There is nothing truly historical about this film. The movie was made in the same mode as Mel Gibson's Patriot and Braveheart, all entertainment but no history. Now this movie have been compared with Dances with Wolves and there seem to be some justice to that comparsion. Both shows how a lone white man surrounded by an alien culture, "went native so to speak and aligned himself with that culture. Both movies introduced these alien cultures through that white man's perception and his inevitable acceptance and entrance to that culture. In both cases, this was well done and it serves the viewers well.
 I've watched Last Samurai in the theater before, and was entertained enough to come back for another look, this time on Blu-ray format. I remembered that it was shot in lush surroundings, and that warriors then were real warriors; not some big-shot general hiding behind some war room somewhere directing "smart missiles etc. On the whole, it's a movie worth having around to please many different types of audiences; action-adventure, some historical basis, some romance & drama (though you do need to excuse a number of cheesy lines particularly towards the end).
 "The Last Samurai is a story about a Civil War veteran who goes over to Japan to fight the last pocket of Samurai; he is taken captive by the Samurai, but eventually learns to respect this dying culture and adapt to their way of life.  WHAT WORKS
 To me this movie is purely entertainment. It's well worth watching. It has a good story. It's got great battle scenes. Some of the acting is excellent. Far better other actors in the film. Tom Cruise lends it his star power. Although, I would say his acting could have been more passionate. The costumes were exceptional. No Oscar contender. An epic film worth owning.
 Edward Zwick directs this 2003 film on a historical incident involving an American military advisor sent to Japan to modernize and train the ruling emperor's forces in 1876-1877. This is your typical Hollywood revised history where actual dramatic events are diluted with your conventional PC script and mandatory vapid love story.  Although the film has a decent cast with good direction and cinemtography, it's bogged down by a generic Hollywood screenplay and poor script.  Retired Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is fed up with the US Army and the Indian Wars.  Approached by a fellow veteran and nemesis (Tony Goldwyn), Algren accepts a lucrative offer to train the Emperor of Japan's forces along the modern standards of 1875.  Arriving in Japan, Algren's informed that the Emperor's traditional samurai warriors and their leader (Ken Watanabe) oppose all attempts to modernize Japan.  Believing that firearms are cowardly weapons, the samurai hold true to their Bushido code and continue to fight with their traditional weapons.  Disillusioned with his shame of the Indian wars he fought back home and eager to redeem his honor, Algren becomes enamoured with the ethos of Samurai warriors and so decides to join them for a final stand.  This was a good story that just never seemed to soar.  This is mostly due to a generic and predictable formulaic Hollywood script with cliche dialogue.  Does every drama have to conclude with an out-of-place happy romantic sub-plot to the likes of a 90210 episode?  Although a film about samurai warriors, the film only pays lip service to the teachings of the Bushido code with quick scenes of warriors committing hara-kiri and hardened Japanese men sitting stoically on their knees drinking sake. The dialogue is contrived and superficial
 Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a washed-up Civil War vet tormented by guilt and swimming in a fug of alcoholism, gets recruited to train and modernise the Japanese Imperial Army. Times are a-changing in the Land of the Rising Sun
 This film is a fantasy, pure and simple, beyond just the addition of a white American to the rebel samurai ranks.  This is not necessarily a problem if the movie-goer is seeking out something other than historical drama, but the viewer should keep him/herself more in mind of "The Lord of the Rings than of "Lawrence of Arabia when watching it. Katsumoto's deference to the Emperor is the driving force for his character, but the real samurai had no tradition of loyalty to him.  In fact, the samurai only came full-force onto the pages of history by, in effect, overthrowing the Emperor in the 12th century and usurping his power.  It wasn't until the beginning of the Meiji Era (the time in which this film is set) that the Emperor regained any real control at all, and it was his choice to "modernize Japan (Army and all) out of a justified fear of European colonization and/or exploitation.  Of course, by this time the samurai had lived under centuries of isolationist peace, and had long since ceased to be warriors.  They had become the powerful hereditary nobles and bureaucrats of Japan, more akin to Cicero than Caesar, and it was not the creation of the Army that bothered most of them, but the new laws forbidding them to wear swords- the symbols of their status- in an attempt at abolition of the (deeply inefficient and unprofitable) nobility system. Nevertheless, the character of Katsumoto is indeed based on a real person, and the film on real events.  But the those who revolted were, first, a tiny minority of the samurai who continued to live by (or re-adopted) the old lifestyle; and, second, at war over the threat to their accumulated clout, rather than over some perception of Japan "losing its way".  Their actions were nothing more than a naked power-grab. The storied traditions of the samurai largely came to an end (as much as they ever existed) when Tokugawa Ieyasu came to power at the beginning of the 17th century. (As a side note, the scene with the ninja was the one part of the film I found truly outlandish.  Video games aside, ninja are not readily apparent in Japan.  There is little mention of them in history; they were not, and are not, especially respected or admired; and Japanese people on the whole cannot fathom the young American male's obsession with them.  There is no matching fervor on the other side of the Pacific.  What is common knowledge, however, is that at no time would dozens of them work together or get themselves caught up in an all-out attack, nor would a government trying to 'modernize' employ them.  Since they made their living on contracts against noblemen's belongings, most of decent society looked on them with more contempt than Europeans showed the most fearsome pirates). The portrayal of Japan and, specifically, samurai "society in this film is the Western romantic version- like Mallory's portrayal of medieval knights and the Chivalric Code in "L'Morte D'Arthur".  This does not make the film entirely without merit.  The cinematography is gorgeous, and I would happily watch the film again for that alone.  The acting is fairly strong.  I personally think Tom Cruise is an excellent actor, when he chooses a good role (like in "Rain Man", "Eyes Wide Shut", and others), and he performs adequately here.  However, it is far from his best work, and I think it was a correct decision for the Academy not to honor him with a nomination this year. Perhaps part of the problem with the performance was a problem with the characters.  Most were rather typical of the genre known as "epic", and I could guess what they were going to say before the words were out of their mouths.  The story itself was easily predictable, but plot twists are not the reason most people will come to see this film. Altogether, I can best describe the movie as "fun".  I find it enjoyable in the same way as I do anything from "Terminator 2 to "Sleepless in Seattle".  It's entertainment, not art.
 This movie is a good one, but it could have been much better. If you go in expecting a period action piece, you will not be disappointed. Those expecting something along the line of "Braveheart be warned. Tom Cruise is enjoyable, but he gives his standard performance. Which is to say that you do not see a character like he is capable of giving, such as Ron Kovic in "Born on the 4th of July or even Lestat in "Interview with the Vampire. Instead you get Tom Cruise as an angst-ridden, recovering alcoholic that looks great in a kimono. But the performance still works, it's just shame about the missed potential. Ken Watanabe is very charismatic as the traditionalist-turned-outlaw who tries to hold on to the outdated beliefs of the samurai. The chemistry between he and Cruise is very good and it's one of the more pleasurable aspects of the film. As well as the much too short screen time of Billy Conelly and Tony Goldwyn. The cinematography and the costumes are also great and are bound to get oscar nominations. Unfortunately this film buys into it's own granduer, and it falls short on that level. There are some great moments in the film, don't get me wrong. Edward Zwick proves he can still crank out a battle scene and he clearly outdoes himself in the last battle of the film. Even when you know what the outcome will be. But that's where the film should have ended. Instead you get another ten minutes of an eye rolling, very sappy resolution. I'm not sure if this was the product of Zwick or the suits at WB, but does not work. Another scene I found difficult to swallow was an assassination attempt. Great fight choreography, great action, but awkwardly placed and no justification for it. You can almost hear a studio exec say "This is Japan. So where are the ninjas? If the gunpowder obsessed emperor and cronies sent the assassins, (which is whom you assume sent them) why did they use ninjas instead of rifleman? Thereby proving the effectiveness of rifle over swords. It's because it makes for a great action scene, that's why, and the audience will eat it up. The film is good and I recommend it. But be warned that at times it comes across as very contrived. I was hoping for an epic, instead I got a really good action flick. Three stars instead four due to studio induced Oscar pandering
 I wasnt certain what to expect from "The Last samurai". The fact that Cruise and long time collaborator Paula Wagner co-produced this film made me wonder if this was just another action vehicle for Tom to flex his dramatic chops. Having seen the film I hav to say I was pleasantly surprised. Cruise shows he has grown as an actor although I must admit I still see Tom CRuise and not the character he is playing.  The plot has been decribed in other reviews so I need not elaborate here. what I will say is that the cinematography of this film was breathtaking. The scenes of rural Japan were gorgeous. I was particulalrly impressed with the recreation of the Japanese harbor circa 1876 with a bustling Japanese port and a majestic mount fuji looming in the distance.  The actors were all particularly great, especially Ken Watanabe who plays the rebelious(?)samurai Katsumoto. His presence on screen was commanding and his ability to be stern and understanding really worked. You cant help but feel for the inner turmoil his character endures.  Overall "the last samurai was a fantastic film with great acting and some great imagery. I felt Algren's inner conflict could have been fleshed out more and we could have a better understanding of why Katsumoto's view of life was preferable to Algren than the viewpoint of the new Japanese government.  Good film , RECOMMENDED!
 What's the reason for watching The Last Samurai? The sword-fighting scenes.  There are a lot of sword-fighting scenes, they're well-done, and if you enjoy watching them you'll find entertainment value in the movie.  Also, the Japanese countryside is filmed beautifully here, so if you have an appreciation for nature, it's another incentive to watch. Otherwise, The Last Samurai is nothing special.  The storyline is simplistic; the samurai are all two-dimensional and unquestionably the fine and good people in the film.  They can do no evil, truly.  For Cruise it's one of those self-righteous roles where he gets to look angsty for the camera.  There's one scene at the end for example, where he's kneeling and holding up a sword, and he's trying to look like someone who is under great emotional strain and there are these ludicrous close-ups of his sweaty face - really gratuitous.  The movie defintely would have benefited from some editing and character development.
 I can't stand Tom Cruise, but he sure was a hottie in this film. It's amazing what long hair on a guy and losing the whole Scientology thing can do for a person....  Anway, 1) I agreed with the whole sad Native American slaughter tragedy-the fact that it was horrible and I can't believe people actually did that. 2) Loved the scenery in Japan 3) Still don't/can't relate to the whole Japanese obsession with  honor that is actually pride (Doesn't the Bible say that pride goeth before a fall)????  This movie was worth watching, but I wouldn't watch it again as it was way too sad. I can appreciate all the effort that went in to making this film
 Tom Cruise appears in yet another film where he rises to the occassion at just the right time, as he has done in many of his previous films, dating back to Top Gun.  It a repetitive, tiresome theme that would have me looking for another role if I were him.  Don't get me wrong; I like some of his work (Far and Away is one of his best works to date).  As for this film, the cinematography and supporting actor roles are it's primary attraction.  It's apparent a lot of research was done to pull off this period piece.  The settings and costumes are beautiful.  Watanabe plays superbly as the Samurai warrior Katsumoto.  He is the real star of this movie.  Unfortunately, the plot is entirely predictable.  Cruise is an alcoholic fromer Union Captain named Nathan Algren.  He is sent to Japan to train the new Japanese Imperial Army to fight off the diminishing Samurai warriors.  He leads his Army into battle against the Samurai and is soundly beaten.  Katsumoto spares Algren's life and brings him back to health (queue the music).  Algren learns the way of the Samurai warrior and earns the respect of his Samurai brethren.  Eventually he has to face the very Japanese Army he helped train, this time fighting on the side of the Samurai.  This is where it goes from unlikely to absurd.  Cruise and hundreds of remaining Samurai face off with the Imperial Army in a showdown copied several times over since Mel Gibson's Braveheart.  Samurai drop like flies as they charge the inexperienced but better equipped Imperial Army soldiers.  As it turns out (no surprise here), Watanabe and Cruise are the last survivors of the battle.  Though severely wounded by gunfire,  Katsumoto squeezes his abdomen tightly to allow a few more pints of blood to nourish his brain while he performs his farewell speech to Cruise.  He dies and leaves Cruise as.....you guessed it!  The Last Samurai.  I heard that Japanese movie audiences were passing out at the very sight.  On a side note, it's rumored that Nathan Algren returned to America and travelled together with Kung Fu through the desert southwest, metting out some pain to those who crossed them.  Unfortunately, Algren returned to the bottle, and in a drunken rage one friday nite, eviscerated Kung Fu at a bar in Tucumcari.  Ironically, Algren died shortly thereafter while drinking numerous Grasshoppers.  He lies in an unmarked grave just outside of Ft. Sumner, New Mexico.
 There aren't that many movies set in late 19th century Japan, so top marks to director Edward Zwick for originality of setting. There, however, the originality ends.  The Last Samurai borrows very heavily from A Man Called Horse (with a hefty dash of Dances With Wolves, Soldier Blue and Braveheart).  Tom Cruise gives us a pretty damn good depiction of the tortured, alcoholic civil war veteran Nathan Algren, exorcising the demons of wartime atrocities by going to Japan to ply his trade, but, once the initial battle is complete and he is taken prisoner by Katsumoto's (Watanabe) luddite army, the constraints of a very limited and predictable storyline become apparent.  It is no surprise that Cruise falls for the widow who tends him, nor that he (in remarbly short time) learns to speak Japanese and fight in the manner of the Samurai.  The battle sequences are undeniably spectacular, and the sets, costumes and audio are always first rate. I very much enjoyed Timothy Spall's support role, and Watanabe was convincingly stoic. No surprises though. No sense of wonder. No sense of danger.  You could certainly do a lot worse than to immerse yourself in this beautiful but undemanding epic for a couple of hours - but don't expect too much.
 I went to a "sneak preview tonight and came away a bit underwhelmed.  It's not the worst movie I've ever sat through; I found myself checking my watch only a few times wondering how much more I had to sit through.  A few interesting characters (I liked Ken Watanabe), but nothing really original.  Cliche upon cliche.  A yawner mostly, but it will entertain people who have not seen any other movies.   For me personally, the most remarkable thing about the movie is how fake the sets and special effects looked.  Sailing into Yokohama harbor looks ridiculous.  A street scene at night in Tokyo (where Tom Cruise is surrounded by swordsmen) looked entirely like it had been filmed afterhours at Universal Studios in Orlando.  Many of the entirely predictable battle scenes look like they are just hundreds of actors outdoors pretending to kill each other.  It will be interesting to study these scenes in freeze frame on DVD to see what everybody was doing.
 I dunno, i kinda though the acting was weak and the script was nothing new.  They really made up a lot of history for this one.  I couldnt help but think Americans would be offended if they made a movie about the revolution and put some Japanese guy in it as the hero.  I guess the music was pretty good, and it had some gread scenery, but i wouldn't watch it twice.
 So I expected this movie to show us what japanese life is like, and I was really excited.  I am a huge samurai film fan, I don't like the super crazy ones, but am more of a kurasowa guy.  But the biggest problem with this movie is AT LEAST 75% of the movie running time, it is showing tom cruise and then it cuts away to the next scene and theres tom cruise, then they hsho you a different angle of the shot, oh that's cool, now I have a better angle of tom cruise.  It was sickening.  It's not like he failed in this role, but they certainly should have focused on smoething else.  Another big problem for me was the emporer.  I think they found the person they liked as far as looks go, but this kid has no acting ability whatsoever.  They should have put in like a jet li, and he would have been better even not being in an action role.  And sorry for using jet as an example, but I can't think of a japanese equivilent.  So the ending was nothing spectacular, but better than most scenes because they actually show other people besides tom, and i just don't like movies when the only time they focus on the side characters is when they die.  This seemed like a mix of a japanese movie, american, and a mainland china prodution.  It even had a hint of the UK in it, but doesn't excel in any of these countries filmmaking areas whatsoever.  So with a tad more action and some a better final scene, and an overhaul done to the story to showcase at least one other person besides tommy boy.  It does have a couple of good action scenes and the production value is very high, just don't expect to see a real samurai movie.
 This movie can hold your attention, but historically it is somewhat inaccurate.  I also have a number of problems with the plot.  How does a non-samurai learn to be such a great swordsman in only a few short months when others spend the lives dedicated to this art and cannot even match his prowess?  Why is Cruise's character spared at the end?  If he has become a samurai, he would have been killed.  He is also a Gaijin, a foreign barbarian, and should be killed for this.  Oh, I forgot he is Maverick, not Goose.
 Not right for the academy. It's not bad I here they shot it with digital. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Bette luck next time Tom
 The Last Samurai is a movie of great action that ends in sadness.  Almost everyone you care about gets killed.   Samurai were feudal lords who occasionally battled the Emperors and those that controlled the emperor.  The fight scenes and the cinematography are at times awesome.  Cruise is very creditable in his role as a disillusioned X-army Captain who had been with the seventh cavalry, presumably with Reno's force after Custer divided his force into three groups, hence he survived.  Cruise goes to Japan to teach the Emperors army how to use modern western weapons, gets captured and ends up sympathetic to his captures cause.  Patty Hurst Syndrome? It is a little bit like the Last of the Mohicans or the Thirteenth Warrior.  The viewer is left with a an empty feeling and of course the bad guys are the Americans. Once one gets past the politics of the makers of the movie and the inaccurate historical presentation it's a pretty good movie for those old enough for an R rating.  This is not a sword fight movie to watch with ones 10 year old.  Heads fly, blood spurts and at times the story bogs down into the maudlin and smarmy.   There is probably a 5 star movie inside this otherwise 3 star movie, if they'd let me edit it down to 90 or 100 minutes, removing the moderate use of cursing, the really boring moments that contribute little to the story line, blood spurting and the beheadings.  For a better sword action movie with sharp editing and a great screen play, check out Antonio Banderas in the Thirteenth Warrior.  13th is still not a movie for your 10 year old, but that is more because it creates a scariness and feeling of dread about what the Warriors are up against.
 Reviewing the historical accuracy of Hollywood films is probably futile. What the heck, I do it anyway.. 1) Americans had nothing to do with training the Japanese military during the period covered by this film. At the time (1876), America was not the place you would have gone looking for professional soldiers. The training came from Europe. 2) By the Meji period (1868-1912), the Samurai had become an idle aristocracy who could no longer be described as warriors. Getting rid of them was probably the best thing that ever happened to Japanese democracy. That said, the film is beautifully photographed, and had some nice battle scenes. People get down on Tom Cruise for his limited acting range, but he does a good job here. The supporting cast is entirely watchable and believable. If you're in the mood for an action flick that doesn't require much in the way of critical thinking, it's worth seeing.
 This film has great visuals, if nothing else. The Samurai armor and Katana swords in the film are beautiful, and Ken Wantanabe does a great performance in the film (I can't wait to see him as Ra's Al Ghul in Batman Begins). However, the story is downright twisted and innacurate. In real life, the Samurai were the BAD GUYS. They were arrogant and stuck up, and they were disgruntled because they were loosing their political status with the unification of Japan. The Japanese soldiers were brave, and fought valiantly and proved their worth against the Samurai in battle, and they won. The Samurai thought since they were  lowly peasants  they would be defeated without a struggle, but they were wrong. However, this movie completely twists around what really happened. The Samurai are portrayed as brave, moral men who want to preserve the Japanese culture and prevent  westernization  (which obviousely is something the director does not like), and the Japanese army is portrayed as cowardly weaklings, who the Samurai slaughter like Orcs from the Lord of the Rings. And for what? The Samurai openly admit that westernization and the extinction of Bushido is un-avoidable, so why do they see the need for a completely wasteful bloodbath that ends in hundreds of soldiers and Samurai dead? Considering how far this film goes out of it's way to be PC, you'd wonder why the Samurai heroes of the film decide to go on a suicide mission and waste hundreds of lives with no real purpose. What they've done to the Samurai in this movie is like if they made an Ivanhoe movie where the Normans are the good guys. It's just dumb. However, there was the awesome fight scene where the Samurai have to fight with Ninjas. That scene alone boosts this film's score from 2 stars to 3.
 Every year a crop of prestige pictures get dumped out of the major studios in Hollywood.  Every one of these large scale epics is full of wild battles, romance, outstanding performances, and the cream of the crop celebrities.  These are the films that are especially created to win the coveted Academy Awards.  The problem is every year one film is so big, so bloated, and so prestigious it turns into a silly mess.  This year's film is EDWARD ZWICK'S THE LAST SAMURAI.  A fun action film that longs to be SCHINDLER'S LIST. The Last Samurai stars Tom Cruise (Vanilla Sky) as Captain Algern, a soldier who stood with General Custer as he made his famous last stand.  While in battle he is forced to kill innocent Native American women and children, and it eats away at his soul.  Turning him to drink.  When his old associates give him a job training Japanese soldiers to fight against a Samurai warrior named Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe, T.R.Y.).  Everything seems okay.  That is until he's captured by Katsumoto and begins to learn the law of the Samurai. THE LAST SAMURAI at it's best boasts some of the most breathtaking close up battle scenes I've seen in a long time.  I could hardly believe that for once I could follow the battles, because for the first time in a long time the camera stayed pretty steady.  It simply wasn't sound effects and shaky steady cams moving around.  It was real, and true battle choreography.  Now that made me smile. I also loved the scene in which Algern battles a group of overzealous Japanese soldiers who are attacking his friend.  The scene actually works and is a rare sight.  A modern fight scene that doesn't feature wire effects or CGI.  It reminded me of old Bruce Lee movies.  A scene that was about a fight and not about special effects creating it. SAMURAI also features a nice relationship between Algern and Katsumoto.  Enemies that become friends, Wantanabe's character is strong because it feels real.  Unlike SONNY CHIBA's silly turn as the proverb spouting sword dealer in KILL BILL.  Wantanabe exudes the feeling of a real Samurai and not of a silly Kung Fu movie reject.  I loved how he could embody this man who is torn between his country and his king.   SAMURAIS real flaw is that it thinks it's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, THE SEVEN SAMURAI, CROUCHING TIGER HIDDEN DRAGON, and DANCES WITH WOLVES, when it's really just a fun battle movie.  It takes itself far too seriously.  You watch it with this feeling that at any moment you'll see a graphic pop on the screen that says "FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION. It also gets the award for the silliest and most melodramatic thing screamed by an actor in peril in 2003.  Algern is going through alcohol withdrawal and screams "SAKI at the top of his lungs.  I was sitting next to my brother-in-law, and every time the film hit another stupidly melodramatic moment I would whisper "Saki!!  It kept me entertained. I was also aghast that in front of me a small boy no more than five was sitting there.  There is a pretty gruesome scene in which a man loses his head.  Never have a felt so badly for a little child than I did when he screamed out in terror and then latched onto his mothers shoulder.  LISTEN PARENTS OF THE WORLD, THE RATING SYSTEM WAS DESIGNED SO THAT THIS KIND OF THING DOESN'T HAPPEN.  YOU WANT TO WATCH AN R-RATED MOVIE RENT IT AT YOUR LEISURE.  DON'T BRING A FIVE YEAR OLD TO THE MOVIES TO WATCH IT. (Calming Down) Thank you! THE LAST SAMURAI is a mixed bag.  On one hand its breathtaking to watch and on the other its kinda of silly.  I'm going to recommend it to those whom like really cool battle sequences.  But for the rest of you why not give THE SEVEN SAMURAI or even BRAVHEART a chance.  They are far better films. *** out of 5
 Set in 1870's Japan, "The Last Samurai is most effective when it sticks to the harsh realities of its blood- soaked battle scenes and avoids the softening effects of its two-bit philosophizing. Tom Cruise is stoic and stolid as Nathan Algren, a former captain of the United States army who is having trouble coming to grips with the part he played in slaughtering a village of innocent American Indians.  Now drifting aimlessly through life, Algren disinterestedly agrees to go to Japan to help train its military in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the samurai forces who are still using swords as weapons.  Once he is captured by the "enemy, however, Algren falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honor and switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the samurai (whom he views as the equivalent of "Indian underdogs in the struggle) against the people he was brought over to train.  The film, thus, becomes a study in redemption as this one man attempts to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the life-crippling guilt of his past actions. Director Edward Zwick, who made one of the best war films of modern times ("Glory"), has had less success here, mainly because he stacks the deck so shamelessly in favor of the samurai that we can't help feeing manipulated all throughout the film.  In many ways, "The Last Samurai is as guilty of one-sidedness as those old time Westerns that used to portray the Indians as faceless savages and the White Man as noble adventurers and heroes.  Each perspective seems equally unhistorical and phony.  It's hard for us to see much meaning in Algren's redemption when the people he is following spend much of their time garroting themselves and chopping off one another's heads.  And all the talk about "honor, "shame, the beauty of cherry blossoms and getting in touch with the inner self through a zen-type lifestyle don't amount to too much when we stand back and realize that the samurai were basically bloody warriors who often terrorized the general populous with their acts of brutality and violence.  The makers of the film want us to see a vast moral chasm separating the samurai from both the Japanese military and the evil American colonials who support them, but it is, ultimately, a distinction without a difference.  So when we are asked to cheer on Algren and his compatriots in battle or weep over their fate, the movie loses its grip on us in a major way.  The film becomes just another case of glorifying and romanticizing a way of life that we somehow suspect was a bit less noble and honorable than we have always been led to believe by the countless movies on the subject. Technically, "The Last Samurai is a mighty impressive achievement.  In addition to the eye-catching vistas of rural Japan and a beautifully recreated 19th Century city, the film's large-scaled battle sequences have been stunningly mounted and executed - though the faint-of-heart should note that the body count on screen is enormous and the blood flows generously throughout.  There are, also, some admittedly touching moments scattered throughout the film, though the Hollywood corn is never too far from the surface (particularly in Algren's romantic attachment to the wife of a man he killed). "The Last Samurai is a joy to look at, but its unsubtle approach to its material and lack of evenhandedness make it far less meaningful and moving than, I'm sure, it both wanted and intended to be.
 What a nice flick, if you like Tom Cruise You get to see him play in the mud with wooden sticks while 'training' from Samurai Masters The premise is TC kills the husband of the sister of the last great Samurai TC then teaches the village of Samurai how to fight the newly trained soldiers of Japan, soldiers he ironically trained TC dies in the end with the last great Samurai, it could have occurred about 30 minutes earlier Nicely filmed Cruise puts in a great effort The story though, it could have been better It's a quasi love story of how the wife of the man he killed falls in love with TC, well kinda If you like TC well worth it It's just a wee bit drawn out for me to give it more than 3 stars
 In The Last Samurai, director Ed Zwick creates a beautiful epic that alternates wildly between almost over the top and just perfect.  Perhaps it was the effort to keep the dark balanced with the light that lead Zwick astray in the opening and closing scenes. Either way, the sad first and last impression we have is of characatures rather than characters.  What a shame that these weak bookends embrace such a solid middle act. Tom Cruise, as a recovering cynical ex-soldier Nathan Algren, does finally triumph, returning a solidly intimate performance. His interactions with the people of the remote villiage where he is kept, half prisoner half patient, are both touching and extremely pleasant to look at. Though almost painfully intimate, Algren's confrontations with and concessions to Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Taka (Koyuki), and the sons of the village are almost more epic in nature than the great battles that follow. Each face fills the screen just long enough to give us riveting portraits that are at once immediate and deep.  It is thanks to such artistry that when the final battle comes, with its emphasis on process rather than product, we believe and care about what happens. Certainly this film is worth watching more than once. However, I'm not sure it will be one I'll remember a decade from now, and in that sense, it isn't quite epic.
 Beautifully shot  ~~,  if only tom cruises character in this film could be,  Its a good film.  But a few things really grate,  1.  Cheapening of martial arts  learning the art of the sword and unarmed combat in 3 months vs someone whose spent their life with it and he can draw that man in 3 months plz.  wow the actor spent 8 months learning martial arts for this movie, he must be REALLY good in 8 months, like thats almost a year of training in martial arts, sword and unarmed combat.  Silly me it only took me 10 years to study unarmed combat, im living in japan, and i still couldnt take on 5 people with swords. I must just be so stupid.  Fact
 AN ARMY CAPTAIN [TOM CRUISE] GETS CAPTURED IN THE MIDST OF A BATTLE WITH THE CHINESE. EVENTUALLY, HE BEFRIENDS A SAMURAI WARRIOR [KEN WANTANABE] AND HE ENDS UP FIGHTING FOR THEIR CAUSE. THIS WELL-MEANING EPIC HAS EXCELLENT COMBAT SCENES AND GOOD ACTING TO SPARE, BUT IT JUST GOES ON TOO LONG. AND AFTER ABOUT THE FIRST 90 MINUTES OR SO, IT BEGINS TO GROW TIRESOME. BUT, IT RECOVERS TOWARD THE END. IF YOU LIKE THESE TYPES OF MOVIES, YOU SHOULD LIKE THIS. BUT, THE VIEWER SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SEE SOME EXTREME VIOLENCE WHEN WATCHING THIS.
 Some anime titles are made up of such a bizarre set of traits that all it takes is a passing glance to recognize that there's no way this could have been created domestically.  Venus Versus Virus is exactly one such title.  Here we have a gun-shooting demon-buster teenage girl with teal hair and an eye patch charged with saving all of humanity from an evil virus outbreak.  If this sounds a little strange to you, rest assured, things get even weirder once you're in.  In the mean time, let's check out the specs shall we?  Released across two discs, Venus Versus Virus contains the complete series (12 episodes) and comes packaged in a single regular-sized dvd case.  Total runtime comes in at 290 minutes and the show wears an appropriate if not slightly conservative TV 14 rating due presumably to the gun touting and semi violent themes presented.  Graphic gore, nudity, and sexual themes are nonexistent here.  Extras come in the form of textless songs and a crop of upcoming Funimation title trailers on the second disc.  Language options are typical sub and dub meaning the choice between running the original Japanese dialog or an English dubbed version and the option to show English subtitles over either track.  The story follows the exploits of the Venus Vanguard organization, or more specifically, the eye patch wearing goth-girl Lucia and her teenage recruit Sumire as they bust the bad guys with their pistols.  Bad guys in this case refers to possessed critters and people who are basically carriers of an "evil virus.  Sumire, it turns out, has a unique ability in that the bullets our heroines use to kill these viruses have an effect on her as well.  In addition to being one of few who can actually see the viruses for what they really are, when shot with an anti-virus slug, Sumire enters a berserker rage mode that allows her to whip some major demon buttocks.  Still, despite this, she desires only to lead an ordinary life.  The problem is the stone-cold gothic business-woman Lucia isn't about to allow all of this talent to go wasted and hence recruits young Sumire into the Venus Vanguard sect to rid the world of demons everywhere.  The pacing is consistent if not entirely linear with some adequate flashback sequences peppered in the mix for good measure.  Visuals too are passable but nothing worth getting too excited over.  Of course, shows like this aren't purchased for visual flair but rather for their unique spin on what boils down to a character-driven drama.  In that regard Venus Versus Virus is fair as well.  If you notice a pattern forming here, it is perhaps that the VVV report card is loaded with average grades which, if you'll remember from school, doesn't get you grounded but doesn't exactly get you praised either.  The show relies upon a lot of character clich&eacute; to get its point across.  Take Lucia for example, with an outwardly cold persona to hide the fact that inside she's warm and marshmallowy just like everyone else.  Sumire is your average school girl who wants nothing more than to worry about boys, zits and going to the prom but happens to be both blessed and burdened by a unique ability that makes her invaluable to the struggle against evil.  The evil in question is at times playful and has a little bit too much in common with the type of ghosts one would expect to find in a Disney-themed haunted house than the whole Buffy the Vampire Slayer theme the show seems to have been aiming for.  Dub work is pretty solid although clearly the ADV Films' English track remains on this Funimation release.  I say this because generally speaking, Funimation's dubs are a cut above the rest.  The soundtrack goes out of its way to use eerie tones and suspenseful melodies to remind viewers that this is supposed to be a little scarier than the bright visuals suggest.  In all, this is an interesting little series that makes the most out of what limited resources it was given.  Since it is limited only to twelve episodes, the type of character development and all-inclusive closure episodes are never fully established.  Instead the trip through is quite light and airy in its prose with just enough "chicks shooting guns action to lighten up the whole gothic motif.
 This anime is, to put it simple, a shonen yuri about two female friends with guns who fight zombies while one of them falls for a boy.  What a more descriptive description?  It involves two teenage girls, Sumire and Lucia. Lucia has a "gift", stated loosely, that makes her see "viruses". Said viruses are out to get her. Sumire acquires the ability too, but you won't learn how until the fifth episode or so. Sumire meets a boy near the beginning of the anime and falls for him.  Enter trials, errors, cuteness, sadness, and action here.  I'm a big fan of the manga however the anime has little to do with it other then the basic plot and characters (even then, their personalities and character developments are different). The two end differently, in popular opposite ways, and they even begin differently. Only a few events are based off manga events.  The ending will leave you short and sad. I recommend this but only if you like the manga, or yuri, a lot. If not, check out the manga.
 If you are planning on purchuseig it and you already saw the whole show and love it then i have no objections. but if you have never seen this show know that the ending is horriable and may want you to put the show away and never watch it again, yes the ending was that bad. It seemed like the animators got kinda lazy toward the end and left just about every string hanging. The begining episodes are really good and you could probably watch them again and again. Before you buy this ask yourself, am i ok with buying the show with one of the most disaponting ending ever?
 This serie is a good example of how to trash a strong beginning with a stupid ending. The story of Lucia and Sumire against the virus had so much potential during the first 10 episode that I was expecting the last 4 with impatience, but all the question I had where never answered. You lost 2 episode on making a cake? and they spend the last 2 to explain everything! It seems like that they where told to pull the plug when there where only 2 episode left. Unless your a fan of the manga and want to see how bad it was translated into a anime, avoid this serie and buy the excellent manga(with the complete story) instead.
 Its a good anime for a person with a short atenchen span or someone that gets bored esily. Very good idea but just way to short for me.
 Well, as far as cinematography having come a long way...in comparison to previous Terminator movies, I found this one the least interesting. Without having to give out spoilers, it just felt like a filler story to try and satisfy the fanatics, but it did not personally satisfy me. Perhaps it's mostly because I needed the "Gov'nah lol. And I thought the last Terminator was "meh (don't get me wrong, the hubby loved the hot robot chick, haha), this one was double "meh for me.  Oh, by the way, I had to send back the first Blu Ray because when I opened it up, it contained 2 random CD-R's that were OBVIOUSLY not the the movie, lol. However, Amazon was very quick in sending out a replacement. That was a first experience with Amazon I had to deal with.
 I wish I would have looked at all of the reviews closely.  The seller says nothing about this movie no longer having an active digital copy.  Since I bought the movie exclusively so that I could have the digital copy it was a "let down when I discovered the fine print on the packaging.  DO NOT make the same mistake I made...If you are buying this for the digital movie insert - keep walking.
 In terms of mindless adventure films, this one was excellent from the beginning.  Plenty of action sequences, battles, and nasty terminator robots.  I can't fault the film
 Terminator Salvation is the fourth in the Terminator series. It's also the lesser of the four. The first three starred Ah-Nuld, and were great because of him. Terminator Salvation stars Christian Bale and is slightly above average in spite of him. The action is good, the Terminators are great (including that one that looks identical to Arnold S. circa 1984), but the story isn't. They just don't make action movies the way they used to, when they not only had good action, but they also had something to entertain you even when something wasn't blowing up. When nothing is being shot or blown up onscreen, Terminator
 As action films go there is action.  That is fine for a big screen TV, but not worth the theater screen fare.  Honestly, T1 & T2 were the best in the series and should have stopped there.  All those that followed are just confused, inconsistent messes. Yep, the action is there but plot, story line, dialog, and acting are...well...never fluid.  This film with McG and Bale prove it.  If you want action it is here, if you are looking for rebirth of the franchise and substance...no it is not here.
 Buy or rent? Buy or rent? What to do...what to do? Well, here's a word of advice
 Lots of action and thrills here, if not enough decent acting. But that's hardly the point of this franchise, and on that level T4 delivers. The script is ok, and the basic concept is a good one. If all you want is some high-tech whiz-bangery, this should do it.  Disconcertingly, at various moments in the film it's not easy to know if Christian Bale is man or machine; his somewhat wooden style is almost uber-ironic here. But McG continues to deliver the goods, visually, though this one feels somehow hollow, despite excellent effects. T4, while better than T3, never approaches T2. But then again, James Cameron has rather more of a sense of humor than McG.  Worth watching after you've seen T2 three or four times, perhaps.
 The film Terminator Salvation, has some good points to it, and some bad points, as well. Plenty of action, good visual effects, we see more about the machines, John Connor's character, as an adult is more developed. Now, for some of the bad points, it's still the same Terminator story, being retold again, compared to the first two films, which were, fresh and original, when they came out. The other characters' in the film weren't so interesting, except, maybe, Marcus. The story isn't resolved by the end of the film, either.
 In the future, John Connor leads the human resistance against Skynet, a worldwide force of sentient machines hell-bent on destroying mankind, whom are viewed as mortal enemies.  In The Terminator, Arnold Schwarzenegger plays the title role, as a cyborg who has been sent back in time to kill John's mother Sarah Connor; it is believed that eliminating Sarah would prevent John from being born and allow the machines to "win.  A man named Kyle Reese is also sent back, by the humans, to protect Sarah; he succeeds, hence Skynet's attempt fails, and we find out that Kyle ends up being the father of the unborn John Connor.  Terminator 2
 For Terminator Fans, of which I am one, this was an entertaining movie.  It was a fun movie to watch on a slow weekend evening. It was the best of the recent man vs. machine genre movies.  There is now a platform for rebuilding the franchise now that previous casts have moved on to other things.
 As expected, the special effects were, well, special. Unfortunately, after the special effects, there apparently was not enough money left to pay for a 14 year-old to point out the glaring errors in the script - my favorite was when the 6 story-tall robot that shook the earth when it walked and was accompanied by a jet plane, snuck up on the people in the desert quick-trip. The script also failed to close the loop and send Kyle back to save Sarah. The basic problem is that somebody other than James Cameron was allowed to direct the sequel Terminator movies. The second one was not terrible, but the T3 and Salvation were way off from what they could have been.
 I'm a big fan of everything 'Terminator' (own everything on DVD or Blu-Ray) - but this film is a major disappointment.  It has one good action sequence early in the film (though even that steals ideas from Transformers).  The big action sequence at the end is nothing more than Terminator 1's end action scene all over again, right down to the 'Help me, John!' lure by the terminator.  I went in with low expectations, which usually means I can be pleasantly surprised by any redeeming qualities.  There weren't many, in the case of this film.  Sam Worthington plays a character worth watching though.  Christian Bale's character was drab and uninteresting.  (Let's hope he didn't mean it when he said he would be back!)
 The Terminator franchise is an odd beast.  Since the original 1984 feature, it has been sold to three (soon to be four) different production companies and two different studios.  The only times the plot and dialogue have blended well together were in the first two movies, thanks to the care and writing skill of the younger James Cameron.  Since then, the timeline, plot, and characters of Terminator have gone through mutations and minor changes, either to the delight or disappointment of fans (usually the latter).  For a franchise that doesn't have millions of fans like Star Trek or even Battlestar Galactica, Terminator still has legs.  And Terminator Salvation was a great opportunity to tie some loose ends left over from the last movie and TV series, and reboot the franchise in the hopes of producing a John Connor trilogy.  This film is either the first film of a  second trilogy, or an intermediate movie while the future of the franchise goes up for bid in a Hollywood auction in 2010.  So how is this movie?  First the bad news.  Some of the dialogue, as is the case in too many action films, is poor.  I've always believed movie producers should hire more than script doctors.  They should hire an experienced screenwriter or playwright to give the dialogue a go-over.  The plots are usually okay.  But the words coming out of character's mouths can always use an upgrade.  Again, I look at Aliens as a model in how smart action movie dialog should be written.  At least the dialogue in Terminator Salvation holds together for the first 20 minutes of the 117 minute director's cut.  Slightly less bad news - if the director prefers to be known as 'MCG' (Joseph McGinty Nichol), and whose previous works were the two Charlie's Angels films, you know he's going to spin his wheels and show-off a little bit.  And MCG does.  But he also proves for the first time that he is capable of assembling top-grade action sequences that are both thrilling and comprehensible (unlike Christopher Nolan, who seemed incapable of directing a good action sequence in The Dark Knight, IMO).  MCG seems to have done his homework.  His attention to detail setting-up and executing action sequences is similar to the directors he grew-up with (George Lucas, Brian DePalma, John Woo, James Cameron).  If I were the executive producer, I would have wanted Alfonso Cuaron (Children of Men) to direct, or at least a director who didn't give himself a nickname.  And finally, the movie does go off the rails a bit towards the end.  The second half of the movie is poor and cliched.  Christian Bale gets more screen time in the second half, but the final acts test the boundaries of medical and physical plausibility.  Also the second half is weighed-down by b-movie explosions, obvious homages to the first two Terminator movies, and brief tips of the cap to The Matrix, Lord of the Rings, and Aliens (not so brief with the last movie, as the entire climax seems to replicate Ripley's Rescue).  The first half of the film is clearly better than the second half.  At least the two halves are bridged by a most impressive (and original) chase and battle sequence in which all the great elements of the film come together beautifully.  That sequence is simply crackerjack.  But everything else in the movie I see as good news, in varying amounts.  Masio Kassar remained as executive producer (from T2 and T3) and hired as much Terminator talent as he could - namely the editor and an apprentice of Stan Winston's.  The casting is fine.  The photography, despite being handled by a disliked, unorthodox DP, is excellent, and matches the film's bleak theme and outlook.  The sound design is close to brilliant, with the machines sounding radically different from the previous three movies to awesome effect.  Danny Elfman's restrained score stays off the soundtrack during most action sequences, allowing the jet engines and explosions to speak for themselves.  Art direction and costumes are all first-rate.  Special effects are almost all top-notch, with the exception of a few cheap explosions and some of the aircraft shots.  Some plot weaknesses and poor dialogue aside, this is a wonderfully bleak movie.  Mankind is almost doomed.  The machines are smarter and sometimes more brutal than the previous films.  The machines are not always consistent in their speed (hey they have to take their time to aim at our heroes), but they are always quick to destroy human vehicles before humans, and that is a very welcome bit of smart military strategy on their part.  And some humans are fairly brutal as well.  It's tough for a studio to have a bleak movie as its summer tent pole, but that's what Terminator Salvation was to Warner, which struck box office gold a year earlier with The Dark Knight.  Terminator Salvation failed to crack the # 1 spot in its opening weekend.  But it will be remembered for being the best Terminator feature in 18 years, and that is saying quite a lot.
 I have purchased several Blu-Ray movies through Amazon and I have always been very satisfied with the Delivery time and Quality of the Blu-Ray DVD's until I purchased this one, I ordered this Blu-Ray DVD at the same time I ordered 3 other Blu-Ray DVD's and this one took an extra 10 day's to arrive after I received the other 3 Blu-Ray DVD's.
 Not near as good as I was hoping. Thought it would take place right after Sky-Net took over not some years down the line. I hope one day I'm good enough to twist a few wires on a car that has set for years and am able to start it within a minte or two. ;)
 I am a huge fan of the Terminator series. The second movie being my personal favorite and also just my favorite movie of all time. 'Nuff said. That being said, it's hard for me to watch a Terminator and be... impartial I guess you could say cuz I love this series so damn much. That first Terminator movie was incredible and you were really hoping to see more of the incredible story unfold. After Judgment Day, I would always wonder what the hell happened to the movies?! At the very least, there were plenty of Terminator comics you could follow. I never actually read them cuz I was just a kid and had no idea of there existence until more recently... I've gotten side tracked... Uhhh I read Robocop vs Terminator though. That was awesome. OK back on track
 Christian Bale and Sam Worthington star in this 2009 sci-fi film. In 2018, John Connor rescues his father with a cyborg's help. This is pretty good and Christian is great as John. This dvd has nice picture and sound, but no extras. I still recommend this.
 I purchased this product thinking it would be some excellent version and not disappoint. Was great in terms of quality and sound, but the major gripe I had with this was that though it was shot in 16
 I've watched this movie 3 times now and I must say I do enjoy the action part of the movie, that being said some of the script could have been much better, some of the lines delivered are just ridiculous. for example the character Marcus delivers a line  So that's what death taste's like after kissing the Doctor in the beginning of the movie was very corny. Also there are some major issues when Marcus meets Kyle Reese, didnt Kyle find it odd that Marcus wasnt aware of why he didnt know about "Judgement Day he never questions that? The movie was drivin more for action than character development..so if you keep that in mind you can still enjoy the movie.  The DVD quality is as follows
 I liked this film the least of the films and less than The Sarah Connor Chronicles. I think the action scenes were good and McG did surprisingly well with them and the acting. I think the biggest flaw was having the focus away from John Connor. I don't think the Marcus character was compelling at all. It could have been eliminated at the script stage and the heart transplant in a tent is just ridiculous... With the bidding war on between Lionsgate and Sony over the Terminator rights, this may be the last big budget Terminator film we'll see. It's a shame, I think there is more story to tell...
 Lots of action, but terminator2 still the best. T1is a classic action film. Ok but not as great as previous terminators.
 Christan Bale gives a outstanding genuine heart felt performance as John Connor. I also enjoyed the fact that they had a half human half terminator in this film. The coolest thing besides that is a CGI cameo by Arnold Swartzeneger in the final act of the movie. The special effects were sweet as well as the stunts and robotics. Anton Yelchin was really good as teenage Kyle Reese. This was a genuine portrayal of the future war against machines. The picture is okay for what picture the format can produce. The other thing that bothered me was the fact that this dvd version does not include the "Director's Cut version of the movie. I would also like to point out that the dvd has absolutely no extras. The Blu-ray version of the movie not only includes the "Director's cut but other extras that talk about how they did stunts and effects for the movie. The "Director's Cut version of the movie is 3 minutes longer and includes a nude scene in the rain of Moon Bloodgood, more blood in the scene where men attempt to rape her, and a tension building scene between Christian Bale and Michael Ironside in which "General Ashdown puts a gun to John Connor's head. I prefered the "Director's Cut version of the movie because it lent more to the story emotionally and visually. Also to those who think there is no difference between "Blu-ray and "Dvd you need to get some glasses morons. It offers 6x the resolution that "Dvd produces, and you get a much more crisper detailed picture. The difference is mind blowing considering it is a increase in resolution of "720x480i to "1920x1080p. You would have to be an idiot to not consider buying a "Blu-ray player if you own a "HDTV". DVD is fine if you have a tube tv but it is so blury and nasty on a "HDTV. The Bottom line is Terminator Salvation is better on Bluray. <a href="http
 I really wanted to like TERMINATOR SALVATION.  In fact, after the first few scenes, I thought I would. But fate was not going to be kind to me on that count.  First, what went right (there will be spoilers)
 It's saving grace is that it did have a plot and it did sync up pretty well with the other 3 Terminator movies, but it could have been so much better, especially with an actor like Christian Bale staring in it.  I've really enjoyed all of his movies and tried so hard to like this one as well.  It was filled with CGI, most of it fair to bad as well as goofy things that no human could ever survival, like a helocast from a pretty decent altitude at a high rate of speed that John Conner performed and didn't even get wet in the process.  The plot was overcast by almost non-stop action in an apparent attempt to hide it, which is a real shame, as the plot is a noble one.  The ending was unsurprising as well.  Of course we all know that John Conner has to survive or the other movies in the franchise wouldn't make sense, but there was only one surprise to the whole thing and that card should have been played closer to the end so that boredom wouldn't set in before it thankfully came to an end.
 While lacking the blend of action and humanity that made the first two movies so good, this is a decent film as long as you don't go in with ginormous expectations.  The plot is a little jumbled, the movie takes some time to hit its stride and the acting (especially by the leads) is plastic at times, but there are some good action sequences and enough going on that I was able to power through some wicked tiredness to watch this at 1 a.m. the other day.  I particularly liked Marcus Wright's plotline, which is unfortunately undermined by some subpar acting on Worthington's part. I kind of enjoyed the fact that John Connnor isn't head of the human resistance; after the last two films one expects him to be the honcho. It was cool how John used his computer know-how in a few situation, harking back to T2 when he hacks into the ATM. The Kyle Reece storyline and the actor who plays him are really cool. That could almost have been its own movie.  There was a lot I didn't like, or at least a lot of things I wish the filmmakers had re-considered
 Ever since seeing the flashbacks/flash forwards of the future in the first two Terminator movies, I was really hoping to get a movie about the actual resistance war against the machines.  It has been done in comic book form, but I really wanted the big movie story.  I was actually a bit disappointed by this movie.  I think Bale is a fine choice as leader of the resistance, though he didn't really do as much with the role as I would have liked.  I also thought that the world that had endured a nuclear war and the rising of machines should have looked much more desolate and grim.  The first two movies show a world that is shattered and dark.  The story is okay, though much of it feels like a set up for a sequel that may or may not come based on the low box office take.  Good action sequences make this interesting throughout despite many short comings.
 Ok, so the "Terminator films are legend. Arnold, Hamilton and a slew of goofy one liners, chilling murders and mind bending temporal paradox theories really defined a generation for sci-fi. With all of that in my head, I waited with baited breath to see how Christian Bale would handle the Terminator legacy... I was disappointed. I'm not saying I didn't really like the film, but there is more "Transformers than "Terminator about it. So, my bottom line
 Now I will start off by saying that I agree with Cameron that the series should have ended with T2.  I didn't and we have T3
 Despite some strong acting, this isn't much of a movie.  The next day I couldn't remember how it ended.  But that's not what I want to focus on.  I want to talk about the DVD, not the movie itself.  This pertains to the single-disk widescreen regular DVD edition.  There are only two choices you have on the main menu
 The Good
 With a bit of a disappointing movie called 'Terminator 3
 Two very different movies are happening at the same time in Terminator Salvation, one of which is much more interesting than the other.  Usually when this happens it means that a producer liked a previous draft well enough to keep its elements, but a later writing team couldn't integrate them well enough into the script as a whole for them to make sense.  The first movie stars Sam Worthington and Moon Bloodgood, as well as Yelchin, and is the more interesting of the two.  The characters are more fleshed out than in the other film, and through Marcus Wright we see an aspect of Skynet that we haven't before.  The second movie stars Christian Bale, and is not nearly as interesting.  In many ways, John Connor is essentially along for the ride.  I don't understand this, given that John Connor is supposed to be the leader of the resistance, and a charismatic leader; you'd think he'd be the focus of the movie.  Bale's Connor is bland and unapproachable, through no fault of Bale; the script gives him very little to work with.  On the bright side, there isn't much here that's going to tick you off if you're a fan of the Terminator movies, unlike certain aspects of T3 that made me want to chuck a shoe at my TV.  On the down side, after it's over, my reaction was "huh, so that was it, instead of, "that was really cool.  When a movie with killer robots, time travel, Helena Bonham Carter, a nuclear war, and some Road Warrior cars elicits that kind of response, it has failed in its mission.  This is fine as a rental, but I wouldn't add this to my permanent collection.
 Movie does well on its own.  The sound on the blu ray is some of the best I've heard, Transformers1-2, Dark Knight, Iron Man, the picture is great but the movie looks a bit drab, it's meant to look like this I assume.  The director's cut is the best way to watch the movie as the original has some poor editing.  Kyle Reese is played well but I did not care for Moon Bloodgood.  Good not Amazing.
 It's hard to know how to rate these releases at times. Do you base it on the movie alone? The DVD/Blu-Ray release? I'll have to do the movie and dvd seperate in this review because the grades are different.  The Theatrical Cut is a decent movie. It feels like T3 (which might not be so good to some of you) in the way that a lot of story feels cut. Sometimes it feels like a scene or two is missing. The story, what little there is of it, makes for a decent movie, but could be so much better. Something tells me that James Cameron would have done so much more, but that's movies these days, little story, lots of CGI. Though I must confess I liked Christian Bale and Sam Worthington. What made it to the movie story-wise was decent, but again could be a lot better. It feels like all sizzle and no steak. I'd have to give the movie a B-  The DVD release is highly disappointing. No EXTRAS! Nothing. Not a trailer, commentary or anything that I'm used to with buying dvds. Unfortunately, it seems you have to get blu-ray or else be left behind. I love movies too much to settle for bare bones dvds like this. I think it is an awful way to treat customers and thst the industry is shooting themselves in the foot. Standard DVD will die it's natural death like VHS and everything else before. Why force it? Why risk turning fans against you when you force an issue by not releasing the standard extras? I just think they should let standard dvd fade away, but this is not an industry that is fan friendly. How many times do they release dvds like this only to release the special edition or whatever so fans have to double-dip or just lose out. This DVD release gets an F- from me. Lowest possible score. Rent it. Don't buy. Wait for some far off future re-release anniversary, special edition, blu-ray, anything but this. The companies involved should feel ashamed at themselves for ripping fans off. But they don't. It's all about the money.
 John Connor could not prevent Judgment Day from happening; he could only delay it. Now the war has arrived, and John (Christian Bale), along with his wife (Bryce Dallas Howard) and any other surviving humans they run across are part of the Resistance, a group fighting for survival against the machines.  Marcus (Sam Worthington) is part man, part machine, a rejuvenated murderer who was put to death before Judgment Day. The machines created him to combat the Resistance, but his human soul makes him loyal to that side of himself. After sneaking into a base, John Connor orders him to be destroyed, but an amorous female (Moon Bloodgood) helps him escape. Marcus barters with John; he will infiltrate Skynet to save Kyle Reese (Anton Yelchin), John's father.  As a stand-alone movie, Terminator Salvation is a mediocre action movie which follows a formula set up by others of the genre. It has exciting moments, its predictable moments, and boring stretches. However, as a member of the Terminator series, it is incredibly disappointing, and has such a different mood, it stands out like a wrong note.  Somehow the post-apocalyptic world does not seem as scary and desolate as it did in Reese's flashbacks in T1. There is too much daylight in this movie, and the Resistance has too many resources. Furthermore, these actors' renditions of famous lines from the previous films come out cheesy and cheap, like the film makers just threw them in to keep fans happy.  There are also several continuity problems. How does Alice in Chains begin playing in the Jeep after Marcus hot wires it? I find it hard to believe that a CD, let along a car, survived the nuclear explosions, but lets just assume they did. How, then, does Guns and Roses play over the radio when there isn't a radio station around to broadcast it? Also, how did Sarah Connor's tapes survive Judgment Day? I found it annoying too that they've been re-recorded, although audio obviously exists of them from previous films.  I find it rather annoying that the cast changes with each film; maybe the film makers should take a hint when all of their stars refuse to reprise their roles. The characters seem very shallow in comparison to the previous films. We have spent years getting to know them, John Connor particularly, and suddenly he's completely different, a hardened shell of who he used to be. Bale plays the part like he never saw the other movies in the series, which is made all the more obnoxious because he is a celebrated "Method actor. His involvement seems is a gross miscasting. The most fascinating character is Reese, who is a bit of a mystery anyway, but if a sequel is made (and I hope one isn't), let's hope Reese is the focus.
 While I agree the movie is OK if you are above the age of 15; however, I share the disappointments with Warner Bros.'s disregard for suppling their CLIENTS with the normal, expected Dig Copy advertised.  IT IS NOT INCLUDED and you have to go on-line, down load the instructions onto your own media, then follow the instructions to finally say something you sincerely hope the kids did not over-hear. For me, who installs multi-user accounting applications, grew wary with everything that had to be done in hopes that my son may get the dig copy by Christmas.  As if the holidays aren't stressful enough!  Disneys/Pixar's UP, FOX/20th's Museum @ Smithsonian, Paramount's STAR TREK, etc. digital copies were all INCLUDED inside the package, along with activation codes.  SIMPLE, getting what you're paying for!  I like that - a LOT!  However, I agree with a lot of other reviewers
 Terminator 4 is not per se a bad movie, but its not a very good one.  The problem lies with the director's choices which parallel the scripts choices, that is, the concentration on machines.  The director is far more interested in the special effects and creating the bleak environment of post-judgment day using computers and machines than the characters themselves.  Similarly the script is more interested in the "fake terminator of Marcus than in John Connor or humanity.  Though I don't want to reference the great earlier terminator movies, what's was crucial to the story is that it was humanity struggling to survive and fighting to prevent the future.  Sadly, this movie loses both of these things, being set in a time where the future was created, with characters are two-dimensional at best.  Why does John Connor fight the machines?  He doesn't seem to have any actual desire to fight, but only does so because its what he was told to do.  Similarly the soldiers are largely emotionless and uncaring, not interested in doing anything but destroying things.  Oddly the only character who has even a little humanity is a machine, marcus.  Sadly, I didn't really care about him as there is no real reason to, other than he's the protaganist of the story.  Sadly this movie reminds me of how I felt watching arnold as the first terminator, it was tense, dark, and muscular, but completely lacked any feeling.  As to the blu-ray, I feel there is going to be a double dip down the line, as there are very few features, and the ones that exist aren't that great.  However, the picture looks pretty great, especially the effects.  Maybe worth renting, but I can't see it in my collection.
 This movie was sub-par. It was just called Terminator to sell tickets. I didn't enjoy more than half of this movie. It was OK. But the other three where so much better. For those of you who scoffed at T3, I think after you saw this one you where probably more grateful for T3 than you had been. Let's hope, since they did take in a little bit of a profit, if you factor in the worldwide total, let's hope the next one is better. Let's hope they get better writers and a better director and a better soundtrack. I'd hate to see the Terminator franchise meet its own Judgement Day.  I think my favorite part about this movie wasn't the movie itself but Christian Bale's on set tirade.  I give this movie a 3/10. Sorry... It grows on you a little but, mostly it disappoints.
 I'v enjoyed all 4 films.  The only thing I notice missing from Salavation was the pacing was off.  The first 3 films(yes, even the 3rd) kept up that relentless, stalking, edge of your seat type pacing that the 4th film just lacked.  In terms of quality of production, acting, effects, it's top notch. It just doesn't flow as well as the earlier films.  So in my opinion it would come in 4th behind the previous films. Doesn't mean I didn't enjoy it or thought it was bad.......just not quite the experience for me as the earlier films.  Will still buy it though when it comes out on Blu-Ray  I'm looking forward to the next film.  Bring it on!
 I want to add two things
 The Terminator films have always demanded that its viewers exhibit an above-average "disbelief suspension.  Each incarnation of the series up to now has embraced the possibility of time travel with the caveat that only live matter or matter encased in live matter can make the journey (not to mention "dead hair and fingernails attached to live matter).  And, of course, there's the liquid metal introduced in T2 and carried over into T3.  Although there's no time travel in "Terminator Salvation, an above-average suspension of disbelief is still required.  In this outing, John Connor is not "THE resistance leader, but merely "A resistance leader, one who is not even privy to what those at the top of the human food chain are doing or planning.  While on an ill-fated mission at the beginning, he discovers that the machines are kidnapping humans and, later, learns that they are being taken to Skynet HQ in San Francisco.  One of the kidnapped humans, he finds, happens to be Kyle Reese, his father (originally played by Michael Biehn in "The Terminator") who is only a teenager in this particular future.  He learns about Kyle from a character named Marcus Wright, played by Sam Worthington, who you'll immediately question the "humanness of, which was probably intentional on the part of the filmmakers.  While the plot of the film is--along with the acting and special effects--worthy enough to make this an above-average sci-fi movie, there are a few details that prompt some head scratching.  In many parts of the movie, gigantic terminators (land-based or airborne) are shown.  With such "beings about, it's a little surprising that any shed in the desert hasn't been pulverized along with just about every other building that could shelter a human.  Add to that the fact that John Connor operates a fairly large resistance base replete with helicopters and fighter jets, all unbeknownst to the high-tech eyes of the machines.  Whether or not you dwell on this type of thing (or notice it to begin with), "Terminator Salvation  will probably fit your bill for high-budget, sci-fi action-adventure.  Recommended.
 I just watched a screener of the director's cut, which is only 2-3 minutes more in running time than the theatrical version.  Let me first say that I thought this movie was solid from an action standpoint.  However, the myriad of plot holes, cheesy lines and bad acting moments from the theatrical version are still present in this Director's Cut!  Most of all, the infamous Moon Bloodgood topless scene is here....and it is TERRIBLE!! Description
 This is a better than average action film, but compared to earlier 3, it has little emotional pitch and the themes - of fate, heroism, and evolution - are not advanced at all - you get no idea that time lines are converging in spite of tampering with time travel devices and actions, the characters are rather set and do nothing unexpected, and Conor is, well, just kind of superhuman as the robots bounces him off walls, etc.  Still, it is fun and the images are quite good at times.  The acting is very strong with Bale, Yelchin, and Worthington.  Oddly, Conor's wife, who Danes so superlatively acted in T3, is a peripheral character in this film and poorly done.  Interestingly, I bought this as blu-ray, and I can't say that the picture, with the exception of a few images, is more than marginally better.  There is no unmistakable, quantum improvement over dvds.  REcommended. It is worth owning if you like to dissect the nuances of the series.  I'd give this 3.5 stars.
 I watched this movie, expecting a better storyline. There was less story and more special effects though. To me a movie is always a let down when that happens. I won't spoil it for you by telling you anything specifically in the movie. I will say that you can watch this without seeing any of the other terminator movies or The Sarah Connor Chronicles series and you will be able to follow with no problem. All in all I gave it 3 stars. Then again my views might also have been affected by my physical condition while watching the movie, as I have recently injured my back, and been laid up for over a week. Anyway, the movie is a great form of escapism, the action is almost non-stop as is the case with most terminator movies. I just wish there had been more to the storyline. It felt too gappy.  Rod
 I guess I expected more from this movie after all the terminator series I've watched.  I just wasn't that impressed with it.  As always though there was great service from Amazon.
 Terminator is like one of those franchises where if there's enough rumors and speculation about a potential sequel in the future, you can bet some screenwriter or producer is like "hey yeah! we can make a new... and find someone with the interest in doing it. I mean Terminator 1 and 2 are considered, T2 especially, to be classics so any director would most likely snap at the chance in doing another installment even if the fanbase or the story doesn't need it and so we have Terminator Salvation, a film directed by McG who's predominantly known for directing Charlie's Angels on the big screen. So how's the film? It's strangely not...bad? Well I shouldn't say that as there's clear problems with the film right from the get-go whether it's script-related or just the direction in the film,there's so many off elements that it feels like the good stuff has to battle it out with the bad stuff just to save face. It's not an utter travesty like many claimed but the movie just does so much wrong that it's like doing a guitar solo and for every awesome moment, there's just dead notes.  The year is 2018 (a year shown in red against a black background which made it strangely hard to read for me) and Judgement Day has happened leaving mankind to fight to survive not only in terms of supplies and shelter but in their war against the machines developed by Skynet. Found wandering the wasteland is Marcus Wright, a former death row inmate now walking a world he's unfamiliar with and with company he's just met, namely Kyle Reese and small mute girl Star. Also in the former world fighting the machines is John Connor, who some believe to be the savior for humanity while others believe he's just nutty (though we strangely don't get that side of the conflict in the movie much). Marcus and John will eventually meet and form an unlikely partnership as they try to take down Skynet.  My problems with the story strangely can be best evidenced in the "Maximum Movie Mode", the innovative commentary/picture-in-picture/analysis of the film you might've seen in the "Watchmen release. Near the end of the film, McG shows us 2 deleted scenes
 The special effects are really good.  Some of the story is good.  But overall, it seemed inconsistant with the other Terminators.  The ending was corny.
 I'm a big Terminator fan. It's one of my most favorite movies of all time. I love T1 and T2. T3 was made for the fans and I loved that too just because it got Arnold back in his old role. When I heard another Terminator movie was going to come out I figured it was either going to be mind blower, or really poorly done. Terminator salvation is somewhere in between those two. It's a mind blower because they adapted a lot of new concepts into the Terminator story arc, but it's poorly done because it doesn't follow the originals too well.   T-Salvation is a "Super Holly Woodized version of T1 & T2. With all the special effects added in, it kind of took away from the realism of Terminator and made it seem a bit too "Sci-Fi or just unbelievable. It lacked the element of realism that made T1 & T2 so fantastic. Watching Terminator Salvation made me flashback to watching "War Of The Worlds or "Transformers with it's heavy CGI use. It's just action scene after action seen with a shallow story in between.   Aside from the usual focus on John Conner this one mainly centered around Kyle Reese and an unknown Terminator Marcus Wright. I enjoyed the Unknown Terminator more than anyone else in this film. He was the only one that had a "personality and "story to add to the film.   The weirdest thing about it all is that it seemed to take John forever to trust and accept the Unknown Terminator as an ally...I only guess he forgot about the last to films T2 and T3 where a Terminator only SAVED HIS LIFE! about a dozen times. I mean common what is this garbage! Did the writers not ever see any of the other films? In this movie John hates Terminators more than they hate themselves. You think after all these years he would realize that the Terminators can be programmed to protect people instead of just killing them... or did he forget what he learned from Arnold?   The bottom line is that what  makes this movie such a disappointment is its lack of a developed story, and knowing the series they could have done so much better. It's the future and John is the leader of a "resistance group and people follow him on command. I must have fell asleep between T3 and Terminator Salvations because I think there's a movie missing. You know the one they made that explains HOW John became the military leader people would follow? How these massive armies came together to fight the machines, and how the machines organized and developed themselves to be such a powerful and dominating force. Terminator Salvation skips all of that and jumps right into the future. The biggest problem there is that the Machines are more advanced than the ones than we encountered in the first 2 movies that were supposed to be from a much more distant future than the one presented in T-Salvation. That's where the story becomes confusing for the audience. It's more futuristic and developed than the T1 and T3 future, but its set further back in the time than those dates.   When you watch Terminator Unknown throughout the movie, you realize that he is out of place, because he more humanistic than the other terminators. This is something that the T-800, and T-1000 who were created at much later dates could not achieve. Apparently Skynet was able to make a highly advanced Terminator that modeled humans perfectly, so much so that it had no problems reaching either of their primary targets "Kyle Reese and "John Connor that they spent the first 1-3 movies trying to kill. Even though those terminators where made at a date much later than Terminator Unknown...? That just doesn't make any sense. All it shows me is that the creators of this movie are not followers of the Terminator series. T-Salvation is completely out of place and is pretty much the "Batman & Robin"of the series (yeah the one with George Clooney).   Watching this film you'll appreciate the action sequences, but if your looking for those nostalgic moments that made T-1 and T-2 famous it's not here at all. Pick it up because you want to see a Terminator action film, but don't take it to heart as it has many flaws. For this reviewer the Glass was half empty. Decent film, just not as developed as it should have been and there's no excuse for that. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it either.
 I fell asleep after about of hour of watching this movie....it was ok i guess looked great on blu-ray but as far as the movie goes....nowhere near as good as the other 3 terminator movies
 Not really. That quote was a part of Christian Bale's infamous meltdown/tirade recorded on the set of this film (Hear it on youtube). After watching the extended director's cut of this film, I can now understand and sympathize with Mr. Bale's tension on the set...he obviously came to the realization that this was not one of his better career choices and became crankier as the project wore on.  This film only passes because it's a part of a much broader canvas in the franchise. You can find moments to like in the film because you like the Terminator films you grew up with or you like specific actors in the project. Sam Worthington singlehandedly saves this film from being a total failure.  Pro
 I was expecting great things after Christian Bales apparent lack of enthusiasm for T3. Unfortunately for him Terminator 3 Rise of The Machines is far superior to Salvation on every level, better storyline, characters, and much better climax to T4, which is really too derivative of T2's final set piece.  The problem with T4 is that it has no real story to it that you can speak of, quite frankly it's a mess. Sam Worthington is totally miscast, and seems bored throughout the whole movie. As for Christian Bale it's a case of now you see him, now you don't.  On the plus side it is full of special effects that fans will love. Ironically the gas station sequence and the subsequent chase scene following it, is the movie's saving grace. It's truly superb and is one of the best set pieces I have seen in any of the Terminator movies. I have not seen the Directors Cut but I am sure it has to be better than this.
 I WAS REALLY UPSET THAT THE LATEST DVD RELEASE OF TERMINATOR SALVATION DID'NT HAVE THE BONUS FEATURES ON IT. I DON'T LIKE FACT THAT THE DVD SALES MARKETING IS SHOVING BLUE RAY DVDs AND THAT OBNOXIOUS SECOND DISC OF DIGITAL COPIES DOWN OUR THROATS. WHY ARE YOU GOING TO PAY EXTRA FOR A DIGITAL COPY DISC IF YOU'RE ONLY GOING TO USE THE DVD MOVIE ONLY?  I ALWAYS BUY DVD WITH BONUS FEATURES BECAUSE IT GOES OVER HOW THE MOVIE WAS MADE AND INTERVIEW WITH THE ACTORS AND OTHER MOVIE EXTRAS. THE DVD SALES MARKETERS ARE GOING TO LOSE MONEY IN THE NEAR FUTURE IF THEY START AND CONTINUE TO DO THIS.  AS FAR AS THE MOVIE IS CONCERNED IT WAS GIVEN A 3 STAR RATING BY ME BECAUSE I THOUGHT THE STORY LINE COULD HAVE BEEN WRITTEN A LITTLE BETTER. THE ACTION SCENES WERE TO A MINIMUM AND IT DRAGGED AT TIMES. I'M A BIG TERMINATOR FRANCHISE FAN SINCE ITS FIRST RELEASE IN 1985. I JUST THOUGHT IT COULD'VE BEEN BETTER.
 didn`t think, i would ever say that. this edition is a joke. in the german version you get another complete skull head from a t-600 (like in the 6-disc edition) !!! and not just a face
 This movie is way out there... Not sure where they were trying to go with this movie but, I really can't wait till Arnold is no longer playing Governator and gets back to create another actual movie and this one is redone.  I was looking to see Terminators such as Arnold, the T-1's (from the original movie,) Summer Glau, and Kristianna Loken's characters in it or at least similarities to them, there wasn't.  Only briefly there was a single scene where one of the terminators sort of favored Arnold, even then it was a piss poor similarity to his character.  Outside of these nuances, the overall movie was good, just not a James Cameron movie and it shows.
 I am a huge Terminator fan, and have watched the previous installments in the series countless times. A huge appeal of the franchise is the in the innovative and sometimes groundbreaking special effects. On that account, this latest Terminator movie does not disappoint. The final battle between the machines and humans was previously only hinted at, as presumably the sheer scale of the special effects that would need to be used to do it full justice would have been staggering, and to do it convincingly was probably beyond technical skills until now. And yet, this great strength of this movie is also its greatest weakness. As almost everything about the future that that was feared in previous movies has come to pass, very little is left to imagination.  Another big weakness is the storyline. What made Terminator movies so gripping and exciting to watch were the very tight and constrained narratives. Almost every action of the protagonists was well motivated and within the universe of the movie almost inevitable. "Terminator
 I wasn't blown away by this installment of the Terminator series, but there was a lot to enjoy from the dirty visuals to the clever use of the original terminator body etc.  The Director's cut however was COMPLETELY unnecessary to release. It's only about 3 mins longer which is made up (from what I noticed) of a couple partial nudity shots in the early middle of the film and a fleeting redundant mention of Conner's mom in a speech he gives over a radio towards the end which I think was added in this version. Really not worth seeing at all. Adds nothing but a small additional length. It did make me laugh though - the conversation that may have lead to re-incorporating the topless bit for the director's cut
 I really like the terminator series of movies. What is wrong with the movie? The robots are way too stupid. The people are pretty stupid too.  Thats the main problem. If the director understood warfare tactics only alittle it would move made the movie the best yet.IT would be have more suspense and really more interesting. Id of liked all the people to hide and dart around. That is a major let down.  This is suppose to be the future. The people and machines have been battling for awhile now. They should be expert in killing in each other. I would of liked the people to know where to shoot and robots not to miss. It would of been good if they had some kind of technology to trick the robots. An example, Have the people have remote control toys that drive out and fly around. The terminators can not track more then 10 objects at a time. Something clever. IT would of been so much better. It would of gave a glimpse of the future. The humans and machines merging into one.  Its kind of stupid that the robots shoot and miss and the people are better shots. The people stupidly run away and get killed.  At this time it would just not be possible to be that stupid.   I can understand the use of firepower to suppress an and stop the enemy. The blind shooting and unlimited firepower of terminators is stupidity. The flying robots could afford to use alot of rounds but the humanoid terminators need to be smarter in using firepower.  Then the stupid moments of love and girls are in love and stuff like that. That was pretty disappointing. Id liked some fun and smart alec language. This movie could of had some memorable moments. IT had plenty of opportunity for great banter.  Seeing the movie once is enough. Polish up the movie like I say and people will say its the best yet. PLEASE LISTEN IF YOU ARE THE DIRECTOR.  The first terminator movie is the best of the series. T2 is ok. T3 is going downhill.Terminator salvation is an improvement but does not meet the high standard of Terminator original.
 How about getting James Cameron and Christian Bale together for a remake of The Terminator and burn the rest of the Terminator history. We can ask for a bad version with McG and Schwarz. The two respective groups fit perfectly together.
 The first couple Terminator films are easily two of the greatest sci-fi/action flicks in history. The problem with the third one, more than anything else, was that it was largely just more of the same; and you can only recycle the same plot so many times before it gets stale. This explains the filmmaker's decision to set the fouth installment in the post-apocalyptic future where the machine-controlled Skynet is at war with the surviving humans, otherwise known as The Resistance.  A few characters from the previous films are featured
 I'm guessing this is a contentious films for die-hard fans of the Terminator series and you'll either like it or loathe it. O.K., I'll admit from the start I am fan of the Terminator franchise and although I went to see this with some trepidation after T3, I have to say I came away pleasantly surprised. As a stand alone film (which may the best way to look at it) this is pretty good and as part of the overall series it develops the story well and has something to add to the previous films. It will never be as good as the first two films, but I'm glad to say it's better than T3. Bale is good as John Connor, if a little wooden at times, but the real surprise was Sam Worthington who has the best role in the film. The CGI effects are good, but not overbearing and McG's direction was ok, but a little too jerky for my tastes. You do get some cheesy lines in this film and plenty of nods to the previous films, but nothing too excessive and most produce a wry smile rather than outright groans. The main problem with this film is that you don't care about the characters that much. In the first films you wanted to know what happened next and considered the lives of the main characters, but in this film they are just faces on a screen delivering lines. It's sad but true and the main downfall of this film. If you go expecting your typical Hollywood action movie you'll be fine, just don't expect anything of great substance or anything as good as the first two films and you won't be disappointed. 3.5 stars  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 Don't get me wrong - this movie isn't terrible. Special effects are good, and the storyline is actually interesting and considerably more engaging than the one found in Terminator 3.  But it feels like they're just in it for the money. John Connor meets his (teenaged) father in this film (before Daddy time traveled to the past to help Sarah Connor) and while this was a interesting twist, I felt it was a rather unneccessary story to be told. The part with the cyborg/former prisoner was more interesting, though, and it gives Skynet some more dimensionality than in previous films.  All in all, a decent thriller like the third, just don't hold HIGH expectations and you'll probably enjoy it.
 This fourth installment of the Terminator franchise simply isn't as good as the original "Terminator or "Terminator 2".  But there are some interesting parts within the film, and some great action sequences.  The blu-ray itself has high-quality picture and sound.  There are two discs in this set.  One disc is the Theatrical Cut of the film.  This version also has the Warner Bros. Maximum Movie Mode feature (similar to the "Watchmen blu-ray), which allows viewers to watch the film with commentary by the director.  There is also picture-in-picture features and a pop-up timeline.  Also, there are several branching "focus points", which allow you to pause the film and jump to a short featurette on some aspect of the film's production.  The problem is that there is too much waiting time in between pop-up segments.  You are often left waiting one or two minutes between each interactive feature, leaving you just watching the film.  A lot more information could have been put into the Maximum Movie Mode.  Another disappointment is the second disc, or the "Director's Cut", which only features an additional 3 minutes of footage.  The changes made are barely noticeable, and don't add anything more to the story.  And just so you know, this set does not include the DVD version nor does it have a digital copy.  Overall
 Terminator Salvation is the weakest of all the Terminator films, with one exception
 In regards to DVD Extra's, you have to buy the 2-Disc Edition at Target. It has the same extra's as the blu-ray edition. So if you don't have a blu-ray player, go to target and get the movie there.
 I read a number of the reviews about this movie [especially the 1 star ratings] before I rented it.  It was not the train wreck that I was expecting.  The introduction of different types of terminators was a nice concept.  Up to the point, the only terminators we knew of there the T-800, T-1000 and the other in Terminator 3.  All of them were humanoid.  The movie introduces some that are far different. The story holds true to some of the previous movies such as Katherine Brewster is John Connor's wife (and pregnant).  The planet does not look nearly as devastated after the nuclear war as it did in previous movies.  It seems a LOT of the military survived the war.  *** SPOILER  *** In the previous movies, John Connor was being protected by everybody.  This time around, it is Kyle Reese who has to be guarded to protect the time line.  The introduction of the Marcus character was not particularly cared for by me.  It seemed to be an add-on to the main "save Kyle Reese story line.  Helena Bonham Carter is interesting as Skynet but had a "I, Robot feel to it.  I was also disappointed the that time travel aspect was left out of this movie.  I wanted to see how the resistance was going to seize the time travel equipment and send back Kyle.  The digitalization of Arnold's face on the T-800 was cheesy looking but was appreciated by me since I saw Terminator back in 1984.  It is worth watching.  However, I am not sure that I will add it to my DVD collection or not.  The jury is till out for the moment.
 3 stars because I like the movie, but the Director's Cut is as the others have stated. Maybe 3 - 5 minutes of some added scenes but not enough to make it a movie changer. Personally I think they could've kept it at a PG-13 rating...
 Spoilers!  I was having a pretty good time with this movie.  The special effects were solid, the storyline fairly cohesive and Sam Worthington's performance was strong.  I fully expected Marcus to not survive the movie, but when they arrived back at the rebel camp I had was pleasantly surprised he survived the fight at Skynet.  Then the massive, huge let down with him volunteering his heart to save John Connor.  The really irritating part is John nodding to him like "Good show old chap, I'll make good use of it".  Marcus had every bit as much right to "life as it were and was the most compelling character in the film (much more so than Connor/Bale).  He would have made an excellent torch bearer to carry on the fight and could have breathed new life into the series.  As it is we get a stupid ending with Bale set for another sequel.  For those saying it would ruin any congruity between Salvation and previous films, Connor already stated his mother's recordings make no mention of such a "terminator - it could be explained as the time line unexpectedly shifting (just as it would have if Kyle had been killed).  John Connor should have died, Marcus should have lived.  The last minute re-write (from what I heard) spoiled this film for me.
 I gotta give this movie and actors, writers, director props. It's not a great film by any means. I just watched it for the 1st time since it came out and thoroughly enjoyed it. I hated it when I saw it in the theaters and never bothered to watch it again until now. 1 and 2 are so good it is hard to accept anything less, but I suppose I finally could see it as a stand alone (like Terminator comics and games) and it is pretty *beep* good. Still dumb *beep* like T-800 throwing Jon around when he should be snapping his neck, but hey it isn't perfect by any stretch. I like that you can take or leave the 3rd one since it doesn't follow it directly.  This one doesn't suffer from the *beep* camp in that movie and thank god it is not another car chase/remake. If you want a Future War film, this is it, warts and all. Plot is actually really good, with some good twists and mystery. One thing I appreciated more this time was how the villain, refreshingly enough, is Skynet itself this time and will operate much differently than a human army or one cyborg sent back in time with a simple mission. Sort of hard to follow as far as what Skynet knows and doesn't know, but that puts us in a similar position as the humans in the movie.  It's too bad this didn't do better b/c I'd like more (hopefully T5 and 6 by William Wisher happens!). If people can see this as something new (FINALLY breaking away from Arnold and the chase plots; very, very glad to hear to dropped out of T5--in favor of Fast and Furious? Lol) it may finally develop into the prequel/sequel series (time travel screws with its place in the series lol) that it has the potential to be. With William Wisher involved it just may. More please!
 Regardless of whether you get the Director's Cut or have to settle for the Theatrical version of Terminator Salvation, you're in for an average movie viewing experience at best. I was certainly entertained. I love the Terminator movies...especially T1 and T2. I know a lot folks hated T3; I for one did not hate T3. T3 was not up to par with 1 & 2, but it wasn't as awful as all the pile-ons make it sound. No, I think that Terminator Salvation and T3 are equally average...in their own unique ways.  And I'll tell ya, it was hard watching Salvation and not thinking about that tirade that Christian Bale went on during the filming of this movie? Have you heard that? Oh my God, what a chump. Sam Worthington stole this movie from Bale. And you've got to give props to Anton Yelchin as a young Kyle Reese too; Yelchin almost made me think he was really a young Michael Biehn (the guy who played Reese in the original <a href="http
 It's more than 25 years since Arnold Schwarzenegger first uttered the words "I'll be back in Terminator (1984) and in that time there have been three further instalments about the rise of the machines under Skynet and of the mother and her son (Sarah and John Connor) that would become pivotal to mankind's ultimate victory in the end. While the first three Terminator films dealt with time travel and Skynet's attempts to kill John Connor, McG's Terminator Salvation is set during the war that we have only previously had glimpses of.  Terminator Salvation begins in 2003 where Dr Serena Kogan (Helena Bonham Carter) convinces a Death Row inmate Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington) to donate his body to science. Wright duly obliges and after being given a lethal injection his remains are at the mercy of Dr Kogan. The devastating Judgement Day occurs the following year in 2004 when Skynet is activated and perceives mankind as a threat, opting to wage a horrific war on the world. Our focus quickly switches to 2018 where John Connor (Christian Bale) is part of the Resistance against the machines but is not yet the leader we are familiar with from the prophetic visions in the other films. Connor is revered by many as a future saviour and treated with utmost respect while others question the validity of these claims. Connor's problems in the war mount when the Resistance learns that Skynet are planning to assassinate specific members of the Resistance within a week. While Connor is second on the list, another Resistance member, Kyle Reece (Anton Yelchin) is the primary target, being the one later chosen to go back in time to protect Sarah Connor in the 1980s but also to become John Connor's father during that mission. Meanwhile Marcus Wright emerges in 2018 and begins searching for Dr Kogan but along the way he meets Kyle Reece and they join forces. Following Reece's capture by Skynet, Wright heads for a meeting with John Connor to enlist the help of the Resistance in a daring rescue mission. Connor, eager to prevent Reece's death and therefore his own, also volunteers to test a new radio frequency the Resistance believes can shutdown Skynet and its machines and lead to the end of the war.  As with the other Terminator films there is potentially the path to some head scratching as the protagonists look to ensure not only John Connor's survival but more importantly that of Kyle Reece. It was interesting having John Connor as just another member of the Resistance and during the film he has the chance to demonstrate his potential as a leader. Connor is somewhat stubborn, abhorrent of the authority and orders of the Resistance leaders whose scepticism of him as mankind's saviour mean they are happy to forsake Kyle Reece once he's been captured by Skynet, despite Connor's pleas. In the end victory is all that matters, but with Connor having been through encounters with terminators prior to Judgement Day he knows how crucial both he and Kyle are. In an interesting twist Kyle is a young rookie in Terminator Salvation, already adept in combat but not yet the battle-hardened soldier he was in Terminator.  This is the first time we have been fully immersed into the war between mankind and the machines and inevitably it's effects galore throughout. Only released in 2009 I somehow expected some of these effects to be better and I felt there was too much emphasis on them to carry the film. I can't blame McG too much for this. Terminator 2
 Where to begin? My friend Gerhard Knapp loves this disc (see his review).Usually we see eye to eye. In this case, I'm afraid we'll have to agree to disagree! I've listened to it several times, but I can't warm to it.  Let me say that my own preference for Beethoven is big-band sumptuous sound. I like the Thielemann/Vienna Phil. set. I'm not fond of the scratchy, honky sounds that emanate from these "original instruments". Sir Thomas Beecham once famously pronounced that they sounded like cats copulating on a tin roof. I wouldn't go that far, but I do think you have to play the music swiftly if you're going to minimize the unprettiness of these old instruments. Jurowski plays these symphonies way too slowly, especially the fast movements, so you get a lot of unusual, and for me, unwelcome noises coming through.  It is often said that this is how Beethoven heard his music. First of all, his deafness prevented him hearing much of anything, but I'm convinced that had he been able to appreciate today's much improved instruments and more skillful players, he would have much preferred this later sound.  If you like your Beethoven small, quick and lean, try to hear the Paavo Jarvi set with his Bremen orchestra on Sony DVD.His attack and phrasing are something to behold. Sadly not available from Amazon in the U.S.A,you can get it from "import cds in California, amongst other sources. These are as exciting as any you'll ever hear, and contain the "wickedest Beethoven #7 I've ever heard! Even a large orchestra guy like me can love this set!  So this Jurowski for me was disappointing, but others may like it better. My advice is get the Jarvi set. It really is remarkable.
 Nice Documentary/video. Great for it's time but lacking by today's standards. Many scenes are reversed in the movie. Major flaw from the editors. Easily seen as the charging handles for rifles and sub guns are on the wrong side. It was a simpler time, did anyone notice back then?
 SAVING GRACE (Dir. Robert M. Young, Writ. Richard Cramer after Celia Gittelson's novel, 1986, 112 minutes). OK, my review title is a cheap shot. Let me explain
 The product quality is fine. I purchased this move to compare with "The Fourth Kind". Very Interesting similarities.
 After watching, you ask yourself, did this really happen?  Frightening.  Christopher Walken is always worth watching.
 Communion (Special Collector's Edition) (1989) was a three star production in this reviewers opinion.  Both Christopher Walken and Lindsay Crouse were excellent, but little else is noteworthy. I will say that the film had several near moments, but always came up short of what could have been done.
 Is Strieber insane. Or is he making this crazy account up to sell books and inspire films? I'll have to say yes to the latter. However, don't let that dissuade you from a creepy film like Communion. Although, the plot is VERY disjointed there are very distubing scenes. Have you ever felt like an alien creature was creeping into your bedroom as you slept? Well, you will after seeing a scene that depicts exactly that. Memorably disturbing scenes of this nature give this otherwise uninteresting film a decent shelf life.
 I am a big Christopher Walken fan. I bought this movie along with The Dead Zone and I like him much better in that film than in this one. I 'do' like watching his "behaviour in this film though. In his movies Walken 'is' very unique with regard to his physical presence and in particular his speech mannerisms. This makes him potentially compelling even in the midst of playing a character who isn't very interesting or performing from a dreadfully written script. I 'did' read Whitley Streiber's book when it first came out back in the eighties and remember liking it very much. I am disappointed that the film version is not as interesting.
 Space Hunter, was for many years a movie I had on tape and would watch any time I was down with the flu. It was fun and Sci-Fi, and I always felt better when watching it. It had been many years since I had seen it, and last night I rented the download from Video on Demand at Amazon to my TiVo.  So here's the deal, it wasn't near as good as I remembered; the FX are a joke by today's standards. Flash light on the air bubbles for stars, etc. It is a cheese covered corn-dog of a film, still fun but not nutritious. But for those who are fans of Sci-Fi video games, I think this is still a fun ride, and really I think the script would be exactly translatable.  So if you are in the mood for a low budget `80s "B movie Sci-fi, this is just  the ticket, if you want great Sci-fi, keep looking.  2 * for nostalgia's sake.
 I remembered this as being a pretty good film or its genre when it first came out so I took a chance when I found it a good price. I wasn't disappointed, it is pretty silly but lots of fun if you take it for what it is pure science fiction with a second tier class of stars.  Molly Ringwald shows some of the talent that would make here such a success in her teen years.  It isn't Star Wars but it is fun.
 It was basic, but the acting will pass. It still reminds me of a sort of Mad Max type film. Pure 1980's look and feel to it. It's worth renting and watching once if you are a Scifi fan.
 Kind of like "Mad Max in space. A sci-fi B movie but I find it entertaining. (But then I like Sci Fi B movies)
 This was a good program, although I had hoped for more detailed content. Some segments are really interesting... others more mundane and have been done better on other DVDs.
 I was very glad this movie didn't end up being a silly romance and break the couple up just to rekindle an old relationship! A good watch for a dull Saturday afternoon.
 Julia Roberts is an acerbic restaurant critic with just a few days to sabotage a boyfriend's wedding so she can grab the guy for herself.  Flying to Chicago for the wedding, and keeping her agenda secret from all but her real best friend, Rupert Everett, she meets Kim (Cameron Diaz), her apparent rival.  Impeccably sweet, pretty and noble, Kim latches onto Roberts' character clueless as to every plot thrown her way.  Without an ounce of guile, and completely by accident, Kim manages to unwittingly outwit each scheme Roberts throws her way, forcing the critic to resort to ever crueler (and actually uninventive) plans.  Dermot Mulroney plays the guy they fight over, though he seems too cold a guy to have ever fallen for Diaz's seemingly bottomless sunniness.  Rupert Everett practically steals the movie as the only person Roberts is honest to...about anything.  The humor doesn't depend so much on jokes as it does on Roberts' charachter confronting, if not at war with, the sweetness being bombarded on her from everybody in the wedding party.  Still worth an evening of fun.
 The opening credits ("Wishin' and Hopin'") and Rupert Everett are the only reasons to watch this movie. Everett not only looks good but is sympathetic and witty. The only word for the other male star is "dumb. He looks dumb, he sounds dumb, he acts dumb.  There's a truly awful scene in which Cameron Diaz does a karaoke rendition of "I Say a Little Prayer for You, humiliating herself and everyone else except her dumb fiance, who thinks she's adorable. Why Julia Roberts would have had the slightest interest in this guy is a mystery that is never solved.
 The best things one could say about this breeze-light romantic 'comedy' (ahem) are that it does not make any pretense of being what is clearly isn't (it's simply a J.Roberts vehicle and behaves like one) or that it probably ranks high on the Top Date-Movies list.  Other than that, it's the hackneyed chickflick refrain -- she loves him, must get him, must break marriage, jealousy, hate, forgiveness, yada, and then some yada. There are moments so screwball they feel contrived and insipid.  Rupert Everett is perhaps the one and only saviour who infuses life into the sap, but in the end he has less than a pivotal role. Not even random bursts of music (Diaz in a karaoke; or a huffed chorus of teenage boys getting high; or Rupert Everett breaking into a tune) can save the movie from being a trudge of girlie gook.  Unless of course you enjoy films like Notting Hill or Wedding Planner, in which case this may be right up your alley.
 Dont get me wrong.This isnt a bad film.its not a excellent one either. Julia roberts came across as pathetic,and a little unlikeable,as she tried to steal her best friend from his marriage to kimmy(cameron diaz).there are quite a few good scenes in this film.The restaraunt scene is very enjoyable,where the whole table erupts with singing. it is a very bitty film in my opinion,all over the place. dont expect a typical romance,because you will be sorely dissapointed.
 My Best Friend's wedding (1997) is just heart breaking. Do not watch this movie if you want someone you cannot have or just broke up. It is depressing. From the beginning Jules (Julia Roberts) explains how much of a heartbreaker she is. She had dated and left many men. She is independent and career focused. Earlier in college, she turned down her best friend/boyfriend when he wanted their relationship to get serious. Now, twenty-eight, she reflects on the relationship they had. She decides to get in contact with Michael. She expected him to wait for her until she decides she is ready for marriage since he had loved her so much. Basically Jules is the type who is scared of commitment and becomes restless. Then she realizes that Michael was perfect compared to other men. She says she always wanted him, but does not take action until she learns he is about to get married to the annoyingly perfect Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Apparently Jules had problems with public affection and sentimental values. It was hard for her to admit she was in love. Quite frankly I find the relationship with Michael and Jules weird. They decided to stay best friends forever. I think it takes a lot of respect to keep that sort of relationship going. Usually couples loose that when they split. Jules' gay best friend comes to help. "He was in love with me every day for nine years ", Jules tells him.  "Do you love him or is this just about winning George replies. It was tough figuring this out. The hilarious part for me, the comedy part, finally was when George had to pretend he was not gay. George is hilarious. I love how classy and elegant he is. I love the scenes where he tries his best to embarrass Jules. I enjoyed his performances the best out of the whole movie.  The fight scene at the baseball field between Kimmy and Jules was entertaining, but I would have like to see more physical fighting. The film is fairly done. My Best Friend's wedding covers deep issues and I found it quaint. The wardrobe and cell phones were great.  I love movies from the 90s for that.
 I normally don't do the romantic comedy thing. And I am not a fan of Julia Roberts. But this film wasn't all that bad. It has a good pace and did keep my interest for most of it. It doesn't follow the normal 'formula', if you will, of the typical romantic comedy movie and sort of leaves you guessing. The acting is good, I could even stand Julia Roberts. Cameron Diaz and Rupert Everett have great supporting roles and are both a blast to watch in this.  All in all, a decent comedy with a few good moments and not as predictable as most.
 Movie was cute and I only bought it because I'm a HUGE Dermot Mulroney fan.  I didn't like this as much as the Wedding Date.
 This film has become a classic in the contempory girl orientated romantic comedy genre we know as the chick flick. I watched it again, for the first time in ages, recently and I genuinley can't remember many movies of its kind that show such honesty. Julia Roberts is brilliant, and I loved seeing her in a character that wasn't oozing charm and lovliness, and whose opinions weren't always correct. Cameron Diaz was breaking slowly into Hollywood around this time, and this film was a clear example of just why she is so succesful. Maybe I'm being a little harsh only rating it as a 3, but to be honest it isn't one of my favourite ever films. However, it is a film that pleases you with its deserved ending and will always be a well known girlie movie.
 Julia Robert's character, Julianne, sums up the entire movie in one line near the end; 'Since I got here, I have done nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things.'  That's not to say that there are not some very funny moments in this movie, most of which are musical.  The opening credits are a brilliant rendition of "Wishin' and a Hopin', the karaoke bar scene where a young, scene-stealing Cameron Diaz puts everything into an off-key, "Don't know what to do with myself", the restaurant scene with a wonderful ensemble "Say a Little Prayer.  Heck, even the helium-balloon singing is funny.  But overall the movie consists of watching as Julia Robert's character does 'nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things', before the obvious redemption at the end.
 He absolutely steals the movie away from under Julia's feet in this! He's outstanding as Julia's best friend. Although he's a clich&eacute; (the elegant, intelligent, witty and cultivated gay man), he emerges as a real person and has some of the best lines and definitely the best scene in the restaurant, where they all sing "I say a little prayer for you". (I can watch this scene over and over and not get fed up!) The music is another plus in the movie, really carefully chosen not just to support the scene but take an active part in the story.  There's not much to hate about this movie. It's one of those very cheery movies, that instantly put a smile on your face. However I HATE the opening credits (as one reviewer before me said, if you hate the opening credits, you'll hate the movie - not true) and I hate Cameron Diaz in this. Hate the hair, hate the look, hate the character, hate the fact she's such a pushover. I also hate the fact you see Julia smoking in this movie, I would have thought she had loads more sense than that, lets hope she's given up for the sake of her unborn twins.  The pacing is great with hardly a slowdown in the entire movie. Those times the movie does lessen the pace for a moment are to showcase a tender moment between Julia & Dermot Mulroney. A particularly bittersweet scene is when Julia & Dermot's characters share an afternoon taking a cruise through Chicago's downtown river. They share a song, a hug and look into each other's eyes and we as the audience wait to see if they profess their true love for each other, but the moment passes as they pass under a bridge and into the shadows and we realize that moments are fleeting and love can be fickle.  Some of the extras on this are pretty inventive for once, when it claims across the cover it's a special edition. Sometimes those can be a total let down. The extras include
 OK, so the restaurant scene where everyone breaks out singing  I Say A Little Prayer  is cute.  But this is NOT the strikingly original comedy it's touted to be.  I mean, it ends with a chase scene for crying out loud (and who but Julia Roberts would not be facing grand theft auto--or grand theft bread van--charges after such a stunt).  From the director of the delightfully off-beat  Muriel's Wedding,  I expected more.  Well, it is possible to do weddings to death and maybe that much can be said of P.J. Hogan's directorial efforts. The attractive cast and the occasional chuckle make  My Best Friend's Wedding  worth seeing--once!  Unless you're a die-hard Julia Roberts or Cameron Diaz fan, it's hard to imagine wanting to own a copy.
 The Bottom Line
 I don't mean the "good old days",  in the sense of films with somebody in a rubber monster suit, which is what this is like, but I mean, the good old days when Dark Sky Films actually put out reissues of obscure & forgotten films that were fantastic.  The good old days before they took the low road like Anchor Bay and started releasing mediocre stuff that was Syfy quality or worse.  Hypothermia is yet another mediocre offering in a long long list of mediocre offerings.  Family goes ice fishing, meet up with obnoxious self-made man & son who arrive to do the same but have way more "stuff", most all meet with early demises due to presence of rubber suit monster who was never any problem before this year.  Hmm.  Wonder why?  Anyway, I can't say this is the worst film I've ever seen, because there are plenty of things worse than this, but don't consider that an endorsement of the quality of this film.  At 73 minutes it's a tolerable time-waster but nothing more.  And the ending?  Hmm, yeah, a great idea for when one has run out of ideas, I guess, but it didn't do it for me.  C-
 I went into this with some hesitation after reading the write ups as there seemed to be a bit of cultural polarization between the loved it- hated it groups. After seeing it for myself I think that this version of the great epic is a starting point that can be useful for beginners in their desire to find out more about this and other sacred texts from India and the East. I was thrilled by some aspects of this as it clarified a few points for me, but also disappointed with the extreme condensation of several of the salient points. Especially the pre-battle discussion between Arjuna and Krishna, which I had hoped would be more detailed than what was given. I understand that within the limitations of the single movie only so much can be covered. I do hope that some one undertakes a detailed documentary or miniseries to visualize this for those of us who lack the Hindi language skills. But still, I think this may serve well the purpose of introducing dedicated beginners in their desire to learn more about this amazing work.
 Poor quality VHS.  Topic is superb, acting was excellent and the overall production was terrific.  Just the quality of the video wasn't up to my expectations.
 Peter Brook omitted very important parts of the story. As children, the Kauravas plotted to kill the Pandavas, by luring them into a lac house and burning it down.  The Pandavas and their mother escaped and wandered in the forest for many years.  Before this occurred, Duryodhan poisoned Bhima and threw him into the sea, where Bhima was rescued by underwater creatures.  The Kauravas were treacherous, and this has not been pointed out by Peter Brook. Showing these events could have taken perhaps another ten minutes of screen time. This is a distorted story. S.K. Madireddi
 My daughter (7.5) wasn't all impressed by this .. she didnt find it as enertaining or fun as other Barbie movies especially her favourite "charm school ..
 <a href="http
 My daughter loves the Barbie DVD's, this one included, but I definitely think it's aimed towards an older audience than my 4 year old daughter.  That being said, she still highly enjoyed it (I think mostly because of the music) and it was worth every penny to see the smile on her face when she watched it.  I was disappointed by the graphics on it though.  The other Barbie movies appear to be made better than this one as far as the graphics go.
 shows those avid barbie fans that growing up is sometimes hard but that things work out when you believe in yourself
 I'm a teenager and I love Barbie movies! I also collect Barbies. I think that all of the previous, fantasy-like Barbie Movies are very nice. When i first heard the idea of this movie, I really didn't like the sound of the fact that it was going to have Barbie in school. I liked the storyline, and fantasy of the rest of the movies. It sort of makes little kids think the wrong things about high school; its all about liking boys, and you don't have to do school work, and you don't have to work hard.
 Walter Hill's Broken Trail is a good but at times a little too leisurely Western miniseries following Robert Duvall and his nephew Thomas Haden Church as they try to drive a herd of horses across country only to become sidetracked when they find themselves the unlikely guardians of five Chinese girls being shipped to a brothel - and the target of some bad men determined to relieve them of both...  It's curious how Robert Duvall, and actor who came to prominence playing a mob lawyer who deposited horses heads in peoples' beds, has evolved into the kind of archetypal Western figure of unquestioned decency you'd be happy to trust your life to - even more so when you remember he tried to kill John Wayne in True Grit! If he shoots someone seemingly out of the blue, you know it's someone who needs shooting (although much of the action takes place offscreen) such is his moral stature. By contrast, Church seems uncomfortable and out of place - he does well enough, but they never strike the sparks that made Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones' relationship in Lonesome Dove so memorable and affecting. And Lonesome Dove does unfortunately cast a giant shadow over this
 I don't want to knock any Western that's made these days, because there are far too few of them, but as far as Westerns go, this movie is only good. While this is a rather lukewarm endorsement, it is because I believe that the movie could have been much better (though I wish I could give a 3.5-star rating, since I believe 4 stars is too high but 3 stars is a bit low). Too often the movie plods along rather aimlessly and there are too many 21st-century "I'm o.k., you're o.k. sensibilities in those slow parts. I enjoy character development in movies, even in Westerns, but much of what passes as such here is of the manipulative, 'tug at your heartstrings' style rather than true character development.  The storyline of the Chinese women, who have been sold into prostitution, is one that hasn't been explored before, and it makes the movie interesting. Also, the fact that the women spoke Chinese (there are English subtitles) lends great authenticity to the film. However, in the end, this storyline is not much different from the well-known Western formula of 'good' cowboys rescuing innocents from the 'bad guys'. One thing that puzzled me was that once Prent Ritter (Robert Duvall) and Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) found a Chinese man who could serve as a translator for them, they didn't seem to use him to communicate beyond the first day on which they encountered him; he tags along without serving much of a purpose except to give us one of the many aforementioned 'tug at your heartstrings' life stories. Other than serving as a potential love interest for Prent, the Nola Johns (Greta Scacchi) character doesn't add much to the movie either except, you guessed it, to contribute yet another melodramatic tale of hardship on the frontier.  Still, there are a lot of good elements to be found in this Western. In the 'making-of' featurette, Duvall says that he sees this film as the third in a trilogy that also consists of "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range", and he does make a great cowboy (although his Prent Ritter character here sometimes acts like he might be a bit 'touched in the head'). Thomas Haden Church is a revelation as Tom Harte - he has learned a lot about playing a cowboy since his role as Billy Clanton in "Tombstone". He has mastered the art of hardness and stoicism here, while still being the one character in the movie who is truly emotionally vulnerable (as opposed to the bathos that we get from all of the other characters). Haden Church is excellent throughout the movie, and he deservedly gets the lion's share of the action sequences in the film as well.  The scenery in the movie is absolutely gorgeous as Alberta, Canada once again stands in for Wyoming in a Western. The problem with the beautiful scenery is that it, unfortunately, contributes to many of the slow scenes in the movie. I think the filmmakers must have spent considerable time oohing and aahing over the beautiful location shots in recent Westerns like "Open Range", "Monte Walsh", and "Crossfire Trail". The latter two movies were also made-for-cable, and I suspect that AMC may have been trying too hard to emulate cable rival TNT's success with those two Westerns. Again, I enjoy the scenery, but sometimes this movie feels like a travelogue without narration rather than a Western; the other movies I mentioned managed to strike just the right balance between scenery, character development, and action (although "Open Range also had some of what I'd call 21st-century 'counseling' scenes, they didn't seem quite as contrived as the ones in "Broken Trail").  I'll take "Broken Trail over a Westernless movie landscape any day, but I can't rank it up there with the best of the best. The dearth of Westerns in our day makes some people want to call each one that is filmed an instant classic. This movie is enjoyable enough, but when it's over, you'll probably wish you'd only had to spend two hours, rather than three, watching it (the movie is 'only' 184 minutes long, not 240). More judicious editing might have resulted in the movie being a true classic.
 the usual solid robert duvall performance in lonesome dove mode but still worth veiwing.my wife usually not a western fan  enjoyed the film
 This movie takes place when the west was no longer as open as it had been or the Indians as wild. The plight of Chinese women sold into slavery is just as bad today as it was then? The filming and acting is great, but this version is kind of slow as westerns go. I liked it and enjoyed the history of the drive of horses across open country. The bad guys are really bad and the good ones are just kinda nice...
 While I enjoyed the movie overall, I felt that it contained many negatives which took away from the overall enjoyment. The DVD is not rated but should be a Mature or an R for nudity and language. What I hoped to be another great western for the family to enjoy turned into an "OMG get the kids out of here from the time I hit play. It felt like they were trying to stretch out the movie by injecting subplots and majestic scenes instead of building on the main plot Way to much foul language
 An interesting western but filled with nudity and actions that bring the quality  of he movie down. The acting was less than smooth.  Two cowboys save five chinese girls and have to take them cross country with them on their cattle drive.  I can't recommend this movie to any one.
 Robert Duvall considered Broken Trail to form the third part of a trilogy starting with Lonesome Dove and continuing through Open Range. When I read that, I got down on my mental knees and said a novena for AMC who produced this movie for cable. Duvall has been a presence in movies since Boo Radley in To Kill A Mockingbird, opposite John Wayne in True Grit and consiglere to The Godfather but his role in Lonesome Dove was the epitome of an actor and a man in a role for all times. His character was one that reminded you of the best qualities of old friends and the independent spirit that lives within us, however shackled by circumstance and commitments we may be.    So when Mr. Duvall speaks Trilogy in conjunction with Lonesome Dove, you listen...and watch.    He produced this movie and had a hard time shopping the script to studios. It was written more character driven and the studio suits suggested less character and more bullets driven into cowboys.Thankfully, AMC let the whole 240 minutes play out as it was written. There is enough time for appreciating the gradual changes that occur in the characters as they react to the unusual circumstances that bring them together. And those that don't adapt or evolve tend to die- by suicide or violent means-yet this isn't one of those movies about the passing of The Old West.    Overall, this is a terrific film that jumps more than a few boundaries of traditional westerns. And is ultimately about the spirit of the West and the East - about the spirit.
 Ok I just have to say this.  My and my friend,  we watched this movie with the sound off.  And you know what?  It was still very enjoyable.  This movie is all about the art.  The story is merely an excuse to have a dark,  very badass anti-hero walk around acting like a badass in a visually interesting and pleasing environment.  I didn't know until after I rented this movie that it only comes dubbed in English,  and it really threw me off.  I HATE dudding... which is why I had the sound off.  The dubbing on this is about as good as can be expected,  although of lesser quality than Princess MOnonoke or Akira.  The dialogue is terrible and a bit confusing at times,  and the plot... well the plot is basic and not terribly important.  Rent this movie if you want to look at something pretty and nicely animated.
 This is an ok sequel. I wasn't all that impressed with the story line, and the action sequences left a lot to be desired. It also felt like it lacked some of the grit of the original. This just feels like a watered down let's ride the coattails of the original and see who we can get to buy it. That being said it's still better than a lot of the junk out these days and it was watchable.
 I actually had to order this movie overseas from one of the Asian market stores so I could get a subbed audio version rather then this awful atrocious dubbed version we're forced to hear.  The animation is incredible and the overall story fits with the movie just like the first movie, but if you're expecting more new age fight scenes like with Trinity Blood or Hellsing you're going to be disappointed then.  Again though I'd advise trying to get the subbed version of this movie as the terrible acting and awful timing of the dialogue just makes you wince sadly this happens primarily with the main cast characters which really hurts the enjoyment value of the movie even more(Comes as no surprise we haven't heard any of the actors/actresses on anymore anime movies or series luckily).
 Goth purists may balk at the liberties taken with vampire lore in "VAMPIRE HUNTER D - BLOODLUST, but anime afficianados will delight in the bold design and extreme action sequences in this bloody prequel of sorts to the certified cult hit "Vampire Hunter D from 1985. Director Yoshiaki Kawajiri works from a series of fantasy novels by Hideyuki Kikuchi.  The story's set in the distant future.  D, the offspring of a mortal and a vampire has dedicated is life to exterminating vampires.  He's a loner and an outcast shunned by human (because of his tainted blood) and hated by vampires.  He's tracking Charlotte, who's been abducted by vampire Mier Link.  Others on the trail are the bounty hunting Markus brothers and hard-boiled Leila. An extended chase takes them all to Carmila the Bloody Countess's castle for a climax that's nebulous. Either it's a set up for a true sequel or the screenplay needed one more pass.   The computer assisted animation sequences are in sharp contrast to the hand-drawn scenes.  The English voice talents are better than most anime dubbed for the U.S.  The bloody action is in keeping with the consequences of swordplay of a vampire hunter extraordinaire.
 I loved the first "Vampire Hunter D.  I'm not a fan of the anime genre, but that movie stood as a good movie on its own merits.  The hero was noble.  The damsel was capable of kicking some mutant tush.  And the villain was undeniably EVIL. Most of what I loved about the first movie is missing from this one.  D doesn't seem as noble a character as he did before (though some virtue does shine through).  The damsel here is a lovesick puppy who is smitten with the vampire who kidnapped her.  And we don't really even know who the real villain is until the end of the movie.  Granted, this last point can make for a good plot, but there wasn't enough forshadowing to really make this work.  The villain isn't even mentioned until within the last half-hour of the film. The new voice that they got for his hand was a HORRIBLE CHOICE, by the way. The good points of the movie include the awesome musical score and the animation, which is mixed with good computer animation that almost makes some backgrounds look real.  I have heard that this movie was actually made in the U.S., making a literal subtitle translation unnecessary. In short, this is a okay movie, but the original is MUCH better.
 Aesthetically amazing. Very beautiful gothic-style art. Fairly good dubbing.  The storyline however, is not extremely boring, but definitely nowhere near anything interesting. In truth, I believe everyone who thinks this movie was more than decent would not have, had the movie been animated as averagely as the storyline itself. Eye candy truelly often blinds persons from recognition of true perfection. Just about everyone likes this movie though, so be like them all,  VHD 1 = superior
 I have to say that the graphics were extreme! I loved watching D's entrance! However, I am not so easy to please. I need a plot as well. Here I was disappointed. You can tell americans wrote this story. The plot was very weak and did not even come close to doing justice to 'Vampire Hunter D'. Hey, but the graphics were good...right?
 No Ninja Scroll.the Talking hand was anoying and never explained.  if your a junky go for it.  if you just getting into anime like me than get ninja scroll or ghost in the shell.  Feel free to contact me if you dissagree
 Fifteen years after the first movie, Vampire Hunter D
 Before I review this edition of "Tarzan's Savage Fury", let me give you all the negatives; the Warner Archive Collection at the WB site sells this title for nearly $6 less than Amazon; there are no special features, subtitles, nor even a scene index; the encrypting process prevents this DVD from playing on any DVD player with recording capabilities (which means you probably won't be able to play this on your PC).  By the release of Lex Barker's fourth film as 'Tarzan', audiences had accepted the boyishly handsome actor in the role, despite reduced budgets and overused stock footage. Producer Sol Lesser offered 'gimmicks' to draw in audiences, and this film had a doozy...a young, orphaned white boy (Tommy Carlton), being used as 'bait' to capture alligators, is rescued by Tarzan, and (for this film, at least), serves as his young ward (the first time such a character had been seen since Johnny Sheffield's 'Boy', during the Johnny Weismuller years). Carlton is cute, if not as feisty and athletic as Sheffield, and the Barker/Carlton scenes capture some of the flavor of the 'Classic' Tarzan films.  The plot is routine, although it is a pleasure to see Edgar Rice Burroughs' conception of Tarzan as "Lord Greystoke referred to. His cousin is murdered, on safari, and substituted by a dissolute Englishman ("The Adventures of Robin Hood's Patric Knowles), in a Communist plot to steal diamonds (this being filmed at the height of the Cold War). While Tarzan is suspicious (Charles Korvin, as the Soviet agent, is obviously untrustworthy!), he is persuaded by Jane (beautiful ex-model Dorothy Hart, in her only appearance in the series), to take the pair to a tribe with an abundance of diamonds ("to save England"). Tarzan is incapacitated and left for dead by Korvin, Knowles repents, Jane is marked for execution by the tribe for the missing diamonds, and Carlton and Cheeta must rescue Tarzan so he can save the day!  Very short (at only 81 minutes), and action-packed, "Tarzan's Savage Fury is certainly not in a league with earlier 'Tarzan' entries, but is diverting, and offers an interesting view at the 'Red Scare' of the 1950s. Definitely worth a look!
 This film does more than scratch the surface regarding the band The Doors. However, it is far from comprehensive. The fact that some fiction was applied to the film was a bit disappointing. The heavy focus on Jim Morrison caused the other band members to be distant. It is essential viewing for any true Doors fan, but I have found books on this subject to be more informative. The film is reasonably entertaining, and the special edition interviews are good viewing.  Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
 The Doors. I don't very much understand this movie. Not for the story but I am unsure where Oliver Stone was coming from with this take on the life and death of Jim Morrison. Did Stone have an axe to grind? It seemed that way. I have read several books and watched footage of him as well as interviews with those closest to him. Yes, Morrison did have issues with alcohol that at times rendered him ( I am sure) unbearable and obnoxious but it seems this is all we ever see. The character is very one dimensional. Val Kilmer has the look and feel of Morrison down pat. Unfortunately, he had to follow Stone's portrayal which is where the problem is. There was another side that Stone neglects entirely. Morrison in interviews tended to be very soft spoken, shy. We never see this side as it is thrown aside to have the arrogant Morrison 24/7 stoned and /or drunk staggering around spouting lines from songs that were still unwritten and at times written by other band members. Morrison was a talented poet and troubled person with his own demons; however we never get to see this in favor of flamboyant and at times inaccurate depictions. There are some pros to this movie. Some of the cinematography is beautiful, and Kilmer did a great job of sounding like the real Jim Morrison. The music and the feel is pure 60's heaven. I would like to have been around then to see a glimpse. The movie has its' merits, but most will walk away for an utter dislike for Morrison which is based on a lot of falsehoods..
 This hasn't aged well since I first saw it in like 1997 in high school. Oliver Stone directs this power film starring Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison, front man singer for rock group The Doors. The main thing here is the rock star excess of jim Morrison played well by Kilmer. The rest of the band takes a back sit in this cool chiller about Jim Morrison who rocked the late 60s and early 70s. The Doors' music is no longer shocking after living through the rise of black metal and the punk revival. I would recommend it to anyone, though a masterpiece it's not any more. I still enjoy Doors' music reissues on CD.
 is what this movie should have been titled.  Jim Morrison appears drunk and high in 99.9% of the scenes in this movie which I found dissapointing.  Val Kilmer does a GREAT job as the Doors frontman.  Maybe it's because I grew up in the late 70's, but I didn't really understand Oliver Stone's need to show us what it's like to be on acid and all the while reciting weirdo poetry like Morrison does in this movie...I mean, what's with the indians, snakes, etc? I would have prefered a straight story on the band, this movie is about Jim Morrison.  It's an interesting and different movie that's for sure.  The dvd menus are cool...like something from the 1960's.
 Jim Morrison was a self-indulgent hack of a songwriter, but he was a man with charisma to spare.  It sometimes amazes he that his shoddy mythologizing passes for poetic expression, but then I listen to his voice
 Everyone has covered their views of Jim Morrison in more detail and length then his actual time in the limelight at this point. The Doors film is one of legendary proportions, often portraying the excessive more so then the intellectual elements that occurred. With so much coverage on Jim, as so with almost every Doors related book and article we'd think the DOORS MOVIE would maybe shed some light off the lizard king?  No, this movie is strongly centric on Morrison. As a movie though it holds up, it's interesting and lengthy. As a portrayal it has hits and rapid fire misses. Trippy effects, surreal warmly euphoric moments, bizarre lighting it's all here.  Unlike other movies there is no main underlying problem anyone sets out to fix, after all it's meant to be somewhat real right? Stone has fudged the truth to make possibly quick a buck or add the missing elements needed for a hit (like it wouldn't have been already). Jim Morrison was a funny, passionate, at times other worldly guy. While that is shown in brief amounts through speeches, we see his other capable side amplified. The side capable of inciting crowds, dangling off buildings to incite more people, and drinking heavily to incite the people around him. He was also a very deep thinker with a supposed IQ of 149, we find ourselves missing wondering where the other 49 went in this film. He's portrayed a sociopath with a drinking problem more so then the poet we've come to know him as.  Aside from my little rant the movie is rather enjoyable. Good music is good music and the Doors had a wonderful catalog of music. A good movie is a good movie, it offers a colorful view on an era so hazily colored. When combined it works nicely, but the falsities are my underlying disapproval of anything greater then average toward this film. As a movie it holds its own, as a tribute to an amazing band it's a bit upsetting. ---------------------------------------------------------------------- Quick run down
 "Pam joined him three years later . . . is on my copy of the 15 Year Anniversary Edition; the movie is the same as the Special Edition.  The packaging and menus are updated and look great. Substantially better than the special edition.  On to the 2 new features.  The Doors in L.A. - 20 minute feature; Robbie Krieger, John Densmore, (yaaay!), Jimmy Greenspoon, and Pamela Des Barres are the prominent interviews on camera here. Nothing earth shattering, but it's nice to see/hear John Densmore's abridged opinions.  The Jim Morrison Phenomena in Paris - it's interesting. You've got a handful of people who met JDM in Paris and hung out; they describe his mood and what he was (arguably) saying at the time. There's a French librarian who breaks down a lot of the parallels in the subtleties of the lyrics w/Greek literature. There's a somewhat annoying 20 something saying Jim was done with music and The Doors and blah, blah, blah that isn't substantiated w/anything. There is an interview w/Michelle Rudler, who is listed as "Coroner who says lots of things were done wrong in the documentation of Morrison's death. It's about 50 minutes.  All of the extras on the Special Edition are here as well.  So in conclusion, if you are looking to purchase The Doors movie on DVD, by Oliver Stone, this is the one to get. The movie is entertaining enough but, you know, it's fictional and not historically accurate enough to garner more than 3 stars from this reviewer.
 First, let me start off by saying that Val Kilmer's performance in this film is nothing short of genius.  He literally became Jim Morrison, almost to the point that I thought that Val was actually a mental patient who thought he WAS Jim Morrison.  There are many times during the film that I had to tell myself that it wasn't Jim that had come back from the dead.  Second, Oliver Stone is a brilliant director and he can make the viewer feel as if he has just stepped into a time machine and gone back to visit the 60's--that's how authentic the setting is in this movie. However, the problem that I sometimes have with Oliver Stone is that he has a tendancy to go a little to overboard in his films, and "The Doors is a perfect example of this.  We all know that Jim Morrison was a troubled soul, but, hey, let's face it--most of your artistic geniuses are, which what makes their work so incredible.  Stone, however, made Jim Morrison out to be some acid-draining Nazi that cared only about himself and had violent outbursts all the time.  In reality, though, if one does a little research, one finds out that Jim was only like that some of the time and not every second of his life.  This movie, I felt, failed to show more of the beautiful maverick poet/shaman that Jim, most of the time, really was. Also, I felt that the sex angle was overplayed a bit, as well.  Obviously Jim had slept with a number of women, and the women that weren't able to, most likely fantasized about being with Jim.  However, it was if this film made Jim out to be so horny that he would actually have sex with mannequins at the local department store.  In reality, when all is said and done, the only real saving grace of this film was Val Kilmer's outstanding performance as well as Stone's accurate re-creation of the trippin' sixties.
 This overlong biopic of Jim Morrison (Val Kilmer) is most interesting early on as it details the rise to fame of the Doors.  Soon, however, Morrison surrenders himself completely to drugs and the film spirals into a long series of repetitive scenes in which Morrison abuses himself and others.  The main reason to watch this film is Kilmer's incredible performance.  To impersonate a man whose look and sound are so well-known without descending into characature is a true acting achievement.  Unfortnately, writer-director Oliver Stone dotes on Morrison's sophomoric paens to death and self-centered spiritual explorations so minutely that he often comes across as an unquestioning syncophant.  The greatest narrative achievement of the film is showing how such a self-destructive person can maintain a career--at least for a while--through the efforts of those around him who feel that the talent he offers justifies the garbage they have to put up with.
 Even though this movie has been slated by critics and is considered one of Oliver Stone's turkeys, it certainly is not uneventful. I had the pleasure of first watching this film after taken over 100 dried psilocybin mushrooms and even though I would not do that again as quickly, I must say that this film was an excellent choice at the time. Basically the story is that there is none expect for the rise and fall of the music legend Jim Morrison. The film starts with his boyhood memories of an Indian car accident, his early film-school days (watch for the cameo of Oliver Stone as his film professor) and the formation of the band  - The Doors, which consists of the actors Kyle Maclachlan, Kevin Dillion and Frank Whaley. Val Kilmer IS Jim Morrison and is completely believable throughout the entire film. The plot revolves around his relationship with Pamela Courson (Meg Ryan) who battles for his love and attention as Morrison takes on a God like status in the world of sex, drugs and rock n' roll.  Stone decides to concentrate more on Morrison's descent into self-destruction and there are plenty of tragic gigs gone wrong along the way. The film is very mystical in parts but ends up saying very little. It is more about the ups and downs (mostly downs) of a big time rock n' roll star than anything else. Wonderful camerawork though and amazing lighting. The script is somewhat weak but there is still plenty of stuff that keeps this film moving forward. And yeah, it was better with the shrooms, in case you wanted to know. 4 to 5 stars with shrooms, 3 without.
 As in Oliver Stone's  Nixon  and  JFK , the director lards his rockumentary with large chunks of fiction.  It's not surprising that Doors keyboardist Ray Manzarek found this film so objectionable.  How would you feel if thousands of people were seeing a movie about you that was mostly untrue, and cast you in a bad light? Still, as long as you accept that this is a dramatization of how one person perceives the Doors and their music, this is an enjoyable film, made worthwhile especially by Val Kilmer's uncanny impersonation of Jim Morrison.  Stone's quasi-surrealistic approach evokes the time and place and seems particularly well suited to the inner world of Doors music. A major objection is the emphasis on Morrison as a drunken, obnoxious lout.  This side of Morrison is an easy target for a film maker, but it's hardly an accurate portrayal.  I strongly recommend The Doors Collection DVD, which will give you a glimpse of Morrison's sensitive side.  Also Manzarek's memoir  Light My Fire  will balance the picture for you. Although the listing here says that this is an anamorphic transfer, according to information on other web sites this is NOT ANAMORPHIC, but is the same transfer used in the previous DVD release (and the laserdisc).  It's nice to have the extras, but early reviews indicate that this is a particularly low quality transfer, and I'd prefer to hold out for a new anamorphic release.  (The first Doors audio CDs were of very poor quality and were quietly remastered and reissued about four years later; hopefully this film will get the DVD treatment it deserves.)
 The Doors  Some reviewers seem annoyed that the film is actually about Jim Morrison and not about The Doors.  And it's true.  The band seems like a canvas upon which Jim Morrison can sing, act out, drink, and otherwise remain perpetually painted at the forefront of this film.  Oliver Stone's camera is enamored with Val Kilmer's Jim Morrison.  And Kilmer's performance is quite exciting, indeed.  But I wonder why Stone lets Kilmer steal the entire movie.  Where are The Doors?  Where's the history of the band?  The movie suggests that The Doors revolve entirely around Morrison and that the stories of the other band members, while likely less crazy and sensational, are not at all interesting without Morrison's presence and influence.  I think the tragedy of Jim Morrison's life is that he actually believed that drugs, sex, and alcohol - mixed with a soul trapped by societal conventions - somehow opens the artist to the infinite beauty of the universe.  But really, it's pain that drives all good art.  Morrison writes, speaks, and sings of his poor relationship with his parents.  He sought the convention of a happy family by desensitizing himself rather than facing his fear of utter abandonment honestly and soberly.  It's this pain that makes Morrison somewhat sympathetic.  Despite his determination to live as an alcoholic drug addict, some pain seeped out, taking the forms of poetry, film, and music.  Perhaps psychoanalyzing Morrison is too easy, but we aren't given much else from Stone and Kilmer.  Whenever Morrison appears drunken and aggressive in front of the band, watch the faces of the band members.  They know exactly what's wrong with Morrison as they fight the futile battle of getting Morrison sober enough to sing another song.
 Calling this movie "The Doors is misleading. It would be more accurate to call it "Jim Morrison and Those Other Guys In the Band, since that is how it's presented.  It's always tempting to latch onto a rock legend in these rock biopics, and Oliver Stone clings like a limpet to the ghost of Jim Morrison. Acid-soaked scenery and mysticism are in every scene, but Stone seems content to wallow in the rock'n'roll debauchery rather than get into Morrison's head.  It opens with a voiceover of Jim Morrison's poetry, as we slowly fade into a stalled recording session. Then it flips back to 1949, as Morrison's family drives through the desert. The boy catches a glimpse of several Indians by the road -- and one of them dies as the family leaves.  Then it flips ahead to Morrison's (Val Kilmer) years at college -- he crashes a party for a pretty girl, makes arty films, acid-trips, and devotes himself to poetry. Then his pal Ray Manzarek (Kyle McLachlan) creates a rock band, with Morrison's poetry and voice as the centerpiece. Soon The Doors become a fixture in L.A. -- and then a famed band.  But as the Doors become more famous, Morrison increasingly loses himself in the messianic-Dionysian-rocker role that has been set out for him. He weds a witch-journalist (Katherine Quinlan) but loves his fey girlfriend Pamela (Meg Ryan). And when he outrages the authorities with the threat of public exposure, the spiral starts that will only lead to death.  Stone certainly knew how to evoke the golden ages of rock'n'roll. Lots of sex, kinetic concerts, and bizarre behavior where Morrison jumps up on platforms and screams, "I am the Lizard King! I can do anything! The whole movie just kind of sweeps you off your feet.  And Stone is quite brilliant with the direction. The movie is filmed like an acid trip -- shifting multicoloured skies, Indian ghosts, shadows on the sand, and eerie lighting. And it touches on other aspects of the late sixties -- the Factory, Nico, and the belief that something violent and beautiful was about to erupt.  Unfortunately, Stone seems so enamored of the atmosphere that he never quite gets around to making a biopic. The other Doors are relegated to a frame for Morrison's bizarre behavior, and after the first half hour, they basically fade away. And he gets too enamored of his own style with the Indian ghost, and the arty "dead man final scenes.  Val Kilmer does a shockingly good job with the languid, unpredictable energy of Morrison. He sings well too. Sadly, his performance is stuck in a one-note character -- Stone opts to potray him just as a random, sleazy, wild jerk, and we don't get a single insight into his thoughts. Sure, Morrison could be horrible. But this is Jim Morrison as rock cliche, not as a human being.  And sadly, none of the other actors get much chance to expand on their roles -- the other Doors actors, including MacLachlan, basically play slightly annoyed accessories, and Meg Ryan plays a sweet girl without many other dimensions. Although Crispin Glover has a tiny, memorable role as Andy Warhol.  "The Doors opens into a beautiful psychedelic movie, but Stone fails to give it a soul. It's a fun biopic full of the sixties atmosphere, but it never quite manages to be much more.
 Surely Jim Morrison's life wasn't as debauched as Oliver Stone presents it in THE DOORS (1991). The film plays like a rock music gang bang. OK, not exactly, but if Jimmy was THAT physically active wouldn't he have had a case of terminal johnson blisters?  Recently seeing this movie again reminded me of how handsome Val Kilmer was in his youth. Physically he makes a superb Morrison, can even sing like the man. Yes, the music is just great here and the actors playing the other members of the Doors work well in their roles.  Crispin Glover's Andy Warhol is also interesting (in a creepy sort of way), but this film is good only up to a point. The early story works best, and then you get to that vampire sequence, geez. And how about Meg Ryan's elevator surprise? If I saw what she encountered that night I'd be outta there on the next flight to San Berdoo. Yet Pamela Courson stuck around for more heartbreak, and more, and more, and...  Director Stone must have a message here. Surely it isn't
 I think The Doors are one of the greatest bands in rock history. I also think that no one else will ever possess the presence or talent that Jim Morrison did,especially with the way rock "music is going these days (I mean, Limp Bizkit was popular a few years ago, if that says anything about where rock is headed.) I'm not an Oliver Stone fan particularly. I've never seen JFK, and Natural Born Killers seems to have a sort of following behind it, but I honestly didn't see any redeeming qualities about that movie. So when I saw that Oliver Stone was the director of the movie about my favorite band, although I was excited to watch it, I truthfully wasn't expecting very much. I bought it before watching it and still own it. Although I've seen it many times, I'm still conflicted as to how I feel about it. It seems that the movie, although true to The Doors and how they got together and their rise to fame, did not do Jim justice at all. It had nothing to do with Val Kilmer, he was perfect as Jim, especially the live performance scenes; I've watched many Doors live performances and how Val embodied Jim in that respect was really amazing. I do think he over-did it sometimes-the pouty thing he did drove me nuts and the photo shoot scene made me laugh it was so cheesy. All in all though, I loved Val as Jim. Yet the movie seemed to show only one aspect of who Morrison was-on the road to excess, out of control, drunken, womanizing. Sure he's a rock star, but I would have loved to know more about who he REALLY was, because I feel the movie didn't delve into that. I'm positive there was much more to him than the drunken rock star (even if it was the truth, that's not all of who he was). Ray Manzarek said it best "It was not about Jim Morrison. It was about Jimbo Morrison, the drunk. God, where was the sensitive poet and the funny guy? The guy I knew was not on that screen. I give the movie three stars because aside from my criticisms of it, it's essentially a good movie by an okay director about an amazing band. Damn you Oliver Stone, why couldn't a better director with a better screenplay have done this movie, who knows what could have been.
 I am not a "diehard fan of The Doors, though I do appreciate their work.  I do believe that all the actors who play the band-members do a superb job... But my positive comments stop there.  The director, Oliver Stone, fills this movie with so many drug-induced hallucinations, you cannot tell if a scene is something that actually happened or if it's the work of Morrison's drugged-up imagination.  Now, I don't like your run-of-the-mill biopic, but this unconventional biopic wallows in self-indulgence to the point of absurdity.  Stone and the producers seem so determined to make this more of an "art film than an actual biopic, and, boy, does it back-fire.  Granted, every biopic is "Hollywood-ized", but this movie makes you wonder way too many times where the artistic license ends and the actual facts begin or vice-versa.  In short, this production showcases the leader of a rock-band - Jim Morrison - who is bent on self-destruction.  The same could be said about this movie.
 ...its still just a movie. and i dont feel this portrays Jim Morrison accuratly enuff or deep enuff. But it shows the side that most people percieve i think, and it isnt a bad movie, just should be watched in fun...if you really wanna know this band, get their albums, read jims poetry and maybe find a good biography book of him.   This movie has been critised on here for being more about Jim than about the rest of the band as a whole, but thats becouse again, its portraying the casual listeners perception of the band...they only like Jim Morrison, cuz he looks sexy and the music was cool....and those other guys just happened to be in the band....and the movie is conscious of this and theres scenes where people try to exploit Jim and tell him to lose the other guys. And even a photographer tells Jim that its all about him, that everyone just loves him, that hes the doors.  So its not like the movie is decieved and lieing to us, its just showing the more so the MYTH that was Morrison...not the man, who is far more interesting to me than the whats shown in this film.  This movie didnt ruin or spoil my outlook on the band or Jim Morrison. Ive grown up hearing and respecting the doors and know what very well done music theyve produced besides radio hits, so my appreciation isnt clouded by this little film.  I think its fun to watch. I dont know if i will ever watch it again, but it just makes me wanna delve into who Jim really was and into The Doors music even more, cuz i know they were far more than this mere movie, which still pays ok tribute to the band and the singer.  This movie still doesnt quench a thirst or curb my appetite for learning more about the Doors and Morrison, its more like a little appetiser, if anything.  I wouldnt watch this movie as if it were a documentary...it needs to be taken with a grain of salt. It doesnt possiably sum up what the Doors were as a band, or who Jim was , as a man.  Again...it has fun portraying the MYTH.... not the man, or should i say, men. Cuz all the guys in the band made this movie possiable. Jim alone, wouldnt of amounted to anything i dont think, without the other gifted musicians he was privied to have met.   I like how ya get to see Jim first starting out, and meeting his future girlfriend Pam and his future band mates.... its nothing all that deep, how it unfolds, but its kinda interesting.  Its more so a movie for casual listeners of the Doors, or for fans that just wanna take a pretend look out how it might of been in the life of Jim and the other Doors members, just to see the story come to life in some way.  Val Kilmer does a decent job playing Jim i think, but he only nails that mythic "rock God thing...i wish the movie showed more of his comtemplative thoughtfull side, but it scratches the surface i think. But for a hollywood movie, what do you expect...they still did a good job keeping it entertaining for mass appeal and creating a cool little tribute to the man and band.  Again, this is not the best example of learning or appreciating The Doors, let alone their singer...but its kinda fun and interesting.
 Oliver Stone has a creative imagination and uses it well in this biography of the legendary '60's rock band  The Doors . Unfortunately, Stone forgets that most of the people portrayed in this movie are still very much alive and have a much better memory than he does! The music is fantastic, Val Kilmer is pretty good as the legendary Jim Morrison (a little too pretty maybe as Morrison always looked a little rough around the edges!) but I hope nobody leaves this movie thinking this is how it was. Buy  The Doors
 Some reviewers seem annoyed that the film is actually about Jim Morrison and not about The Doors.  And it's true.  The band seems like a canvas upon which Jim Morrison can sing, act out, drink, and otherwise remain perpetually painted at the forefront of this film.  Oliver Stone's camera is enamored with Val Kilmer's Jim Morrison.  And Kilmer's performance is quite exciting, indeed.  But I wonder why Stone lets Kilmer steal the entire movie.  Where are The Doors?  Where's the history of the band?  The movie suggests that The Doors revolve entirely around Morrison and that the stories of the other band members, while likely less crazy and sensational, are not at all interesting without Morrison's presence and influence.  I think the tragedy of Jim Morrison's life is that he actually believed that drugs, sex, and alcohol - mixed with a soul trapped by societal conventions - somehow opens the artist to the infinite beauty of the universe.  But really, it's pain that drives all good art.  Morrison writes, speaks, and sings of his poor relationship with his parents.  He sought the convention of a happy family by desensitizing himself rather than facing his fear of utter abandonment honestly and soberly.  It's this pain that makes Morrison somewhat sympathetic.  Despite his determination to live as an alcoholic drug addict, some pain seeped out, taking the forms of poetry, film, and music.  Perhaps psychoanalyzing Morrison is too easy, but we aren't given much else from Stone and Kilmer.  Whenever Morrison appears drunken and aggressive in front of the band, watch the faces of the band members.  They know exactly what's wrong with Morrison as they fight the futile battle of getting Morrison sober enough to sing another song.
 Calling this movie "The Doors is misleading. It would be more accurate to call it "Jim Morrison and Those Other Guys In the Band, since that is how it's presented.  It's always tempting to latch onto a rock legend in these rock biopics, and Oliver Stone clings like a limpet to the ghost of Jim Morrison. Acid-soaked scenery and mysticism are in every scene, but Stone seems content to wallow in the rock'n'roll debauchery rather than get into Morrison's head.  It opens with a voiceover of Jim Morrison's poetry, as we slowly fade into a stalled recording session. Then it flips back to 1949, as Morrison's family drives through the desert. The boy catches a glimpse of several Indians by the road -- and one of them dies as the family leaves.  Then it flips ahead to Morrison's (Val Kilmer) years at college -- he crashes a party for a pretty girl, makes arty films, acid-trips, and devotes himself to poetry. Then his pal Ray Manzarek (Kyle McLachlan) creates a rock band, with Morrison's poetry and voice as the centerpiece. Soon The Doors become a fixture in L.A. -- and then a famed band.  But as the Doors become more famous, Morrison increasingly loses himself in the messianic-Dionysian-rocker role that has been set out for him. He weds a witch-journalist (Katherine Quinlan) but loves his fey girlfriend Pamela (Meg Ryan). And when he outrages the authorities with the threat of public exposure, the spiral starts that will only lead to death.  Stone certainly knew how to evoke the golden ages of rock'n'roll. Lots of sex, kinetic concerts, and bizarre behavior where Morrison jumps up on platforms and screams, "I am the Lizard King! I can do anything! The whole movie just kind of sweeps you off your feet.  And Stone is quite brilliant with the direction. The movie is filmed like an acid trip -- shifting multicoloured skies, Indian ghosts, shadows on the sand, and eerie lighting. And it touches on other aspects of the late sixties -- the Factory, Nico, and the belief that something violent and beautiful was about to erupt.  Unfortunately, Stone seems so enamored of the atmosphere that he never quite gets around to making a biopic. The other Doors are relegated to a frame for Morrison's bizarre behavior, and after the first half hour, they basically fade away. And he gets too enamored of his own style with the Indian ghost, and the arty "dead man final scenes.  Val Kilmer does a shockingly good job with the languid, unpredictable energy of Morrison. He sings well too. Sadly, his performance is stuck in a one-note character -- Stone opts to potray him just as a random, sleazy, wild jerk, and we don't get a single insight into his thoughts. Sure, Morrison could be horrible. But this is Jim Morrison as rock cliche, not as a human being.  And sadly, none of the other actors get much chance to expand on their roles -- the other Doors actors, including MacLachlan, basically play slightly annoyed accessories, and Meg Ryan plays a sweet girl without many other dimensions. Although Crispin Glover has a tiny, memorable role as Andy Warhol.  "The Doors opens into a beautiful psychedelic movie, but Stone fails to give it a soul. It's a fun biopic full of the sixties atmosphere, but it never quite manages to be much more.
 "This is the end, Beautiful friend  This is the end, My only friend, the end  Of our elaborate plans, the end  Of everything that stands, the end  No safety or surprise, the end.  The moment The Doors' front man Jim Morrisen took acid was the end. Acid, alcohol, and eventually heroin
 Newborn Republic Pictures utilizes the solid directoral ability of Robert Bradbury, and the presence of John Wayne along with Yakima Canutt and his troupe of stuntriders to produce this strongly scripted film of 1860s vigilante efforts to rid the Far West of outlaw bands that were involved in widespread robbery and cattle rustling. Bradbury, whose skill with Westerns dates back to the early silent period, directs and edits with a solid awareness of suspense, building his typically short scenes with sparse and, at times, stilted dialogue and an eye for proper cast placement which makes excellent use of defined personalities such as Wayne, Frank McGlynn Jr., and Glenn Strange, and gives particular value to the hard-riding stunt performers, who are splendid throughout this well-made (and musical) adventure filmed in California's Owens Valley, at the base of the Sierra Nevada.
 DVD was delivered on time and in excellent condition.  From a historical perspective, this would be a good addition to one's DVD library for insight to Bob Hope and his personal relationships with the many Presidents of the United States outside of official business.
 My daughter is learing her multiplying without knowing it..lol!!  She is addicted to all the songs and sings them all the time.  I sing them with her and they bring back memories of saturdays watching cartoons when i was her age.  A definate must for any school age child!!  Also has wonderful extras!!
 I loved looking at the old school rock but the sound was very low and we had to be very quiet in order to hear it.
 I use to watch this on saturday mornings and loved it! but i got this and dont remember it being so BORING! Im hoping my daughter will find the enjoyment like I did years ago. I guess because Im older cartoons bore me alot. lol
 Most school do not teach this any more, it's imforamtion for all student's. I would buy more educational dvd's from Schoolhouse Rock
 The product arrived in record time; however, it was not what I expected, and that's not Amazon's fault.  I already own the VHS copy of the Top 25 Schoolhouse Rock songs, and thought I was missing something.  Sadly I was not.  The only positive is that the Multiplication Rock portion of it will help my daughter learn her multiplication tables much faster through song.
 The money stuff is idiotic.  "Buy low, sell high, and dollar cost average.  The last of these is mathematically unsound and was invented to increase broker commissions.  No thought went into this besides "well, the original cast has retired, let's do something new!  Like Sesame Street, they should have stopped making Schoolhouse Rock after about 10 years and went to reruns.  Any kid who still watches this or Sesame Street for 10 years is going to enjoy it a second time either because it was good or he doesn't know the difference.  That, and the Disney commercials, which no paying customer should be forced to sit through.
 Brings back memories, but not as entertaining as I thought it'd be. My wife was put off by some of the phrases she thought sounded insensitive.
 My son lost interest after 20 minutes,while my daughter watched longer, it made her go to sleep.
 I haven't given the gift yet
 Very cheesy fight scenes, and an even more simplified plot.  The "big special technique used at the end looked like a cheerleader pyramid.  Would def. not suggest this movie to anyone unless you are into really old kung fu flicks.
 I was hoping there would be more on Katy Perry instead of two or three people talking about her that I didn't even know.  That is not my idea of a good DVD.  I love to watch Katy, but they had very little of Katy in the DVD.
 EDIT
 This movie was well worth watching.  There was a lot of violence in it, but there was a definite plot that made the viewer care about the fate of the main character.  The educational value of the film alone made it worth watching, for me.  I had no idea that the people in this part of the world had to live this way.  There were rich people who lived comfortably, but there didn't seem to be much of a middle class, and most people who had jobs lived meagerly.  But they still wanted the same things that most people want.  They had framed photographs of their weddings, complete with as many fashionable and nice clothes as they could manage.  They decorated their homes with as much comfort as they could.  Almost nobody of the main character's income level had a car.  That would be a luxury.  Their streets were often unpaved, their clothes cheap, their opportunities limited.
 Inagaki's  Chushingura  was easily the most expensive version of a very popular and well-known epic in Japan.  There had been several versions on film, the best directed by Furuda in 1959 (never seen outside  Japan).  Inagaki was an old favorite among Japanese critics, having  directed the trilogy of Musashi Miyamoto, known herebaouts as the   Samurai  trilogy with Mifune.  He was coventional, lacking in  all but the most rudimentary visual imagination, and yet he was safe enough  to invest a huge (for the time) budget, with the biggest box-office star of  his day, Yuzo Kayama, in the making of what has become the most popular  version of the ancient Japanese legend of the 47 Ronin.  It is excellent as   chambara  (sword-film), but severely lacking in every other  area.  The action scenes, which always had the advantage of grandeur when  compared to a simple Western gunfight, carry the film.  But the emphasis on  ritual, on character development, and on fidelity to the details of the  legend, make the film seem rather stodgy.
 I first came across Klaus Nomi while watching <a href="http
 Only in New York could a cross-dressing, female opera impersonator rise to the top of the club scene in the late '70s, riding on a wave of the era's fascination with everything twisted and fetish.  Nomi's sad, short life and the despicable way he treated his band are profiled, and seeing the live footage of him after all this time one is left to wonder
 The only reason I gave it three stars was because I absolutely love the novela and it was interesting to see the Rubi that was made still in black and white.  Although I saw the warnings that it was chopped up and not the full novela, but I did not think that is actually that bad.  But it is very bad basically the story line is lost so many good scenes not there and it was a huge disappointment in that sense.  However, I was happy with the product overall it was okay.  So if you are a Rubi fan you might still like it, if you want to watch the whole novela do not buy it, its on youtube.
 Good "novela", however, wish that it was not so chopped up.  If you did not watch it on Univision, then you would be lost.  I thought I was purchasing the "novela in its original verision.
 I am disappointed because of the many cuts they made in comparison to the TV episodes that have been aired. (I am from Germany, and the first few episodes were running on German TV "RTL but then they were suddenly cancelled, but these episodes that they actually aired were un-cut.)  So I bought this DVD to see all of "Rubi". It's a pity it is cut. I'd like the un-cut version. I hope it will be released one day. I cannot get enough of "Rubi", my favourite telenovela.  I would have liked Spanish subtitles and German subtitles, in my case. Watch out
 THe second cd at the end it was blurry and could not see the end of it.  I probably will return the tape for another one.  I did not know that the cd's were tape on both sides, it was a bit confusing.
 This is one of my all time favorite novelas. I'd been looking for it for a while with no luck. When I finally found it here, I was so excited I ordered it right away... I made a mistake, they cut off so much! It seems like they're just a bunch of small clips put together. So dissapointed, I would've definately paid the extra money to get the WHOLE story!
 The novela Rubi in itself is excellent.  The theme was fascinating and the actors and actresses were fabulous.  With that said having the opportunity to purchase it and watch it while stationed overseas with no spanish channels is thrilling.  I am no expert in film but thought it was well put together and easy to follow even if some scenes of the TV version were missing.  Definitely a must watch for anyone interested in spanish soaps.
 I hardly ever watch television, much less novelas. The only reason why I acquired this DVD was because a friend made a comment to me that made me want this. This is a REMAKE of the 1990 Televisa soap "Teresa", starring the then unknown Mexican beauty SALMA HAYEK. I have not seen this novela in years and was always a fan of it (and still am of Salma Hayek).  This is almost the same novela It's amazing how Televisa finds it necessary to re-hash their stories. But when is "Teresa itself going to be released on DVD??? Do they not release their old soaps so they can rehash them to new audiences? People know the difference, believe me. People knew that "Luz Clarita was a remake of "Chispita", that "Salome was a remake of "Colorina and recently that the novela starring Thalia's niece is a remake of "Rosa Salvaje". Why bother, Televisa? The main difference between "Rubi and "Teresa is that Teresa was much more calculative and relied on her tactics to get what she wanted...whilst Rubi relied on her looks and sex to get her way. The endings are different too.  But that being said, "Rubi itself is a decent novela, but Barbara Mori is missing that fire and spark that Salma Hayek brought to the original. Sure she's gorgeous, no denying that. But her role wasn't believable as the calculating and money hungry social climber as she was supposed to be. This role was perfect for Salma and it's a shame this remake couldn't get a similiarly talented star. A pretty face isn't everything  I'm just waiting for them to release "Teresa and all the classic Luc&iacute;a M&eacute;ndez soaps.
 I caught this film on one of my HD channels and I'm not sure which version I saw. It's kind of hard to be fair to this film seeing it so late after it's original release. I had already seen the other films dealing with the same material before seeing this film.  This film while interesting, has many scenes I found unnecessary and boring. It's hard to see anyone as Dr. Lector but Hopkins now and that might be why I didn't like this version more than I did.  I would recommend this film to fans of the series, but I don't think it's the best version of the film.
 I knew about how Red Dragon was the first of the Hannibal trilogy, so I bought it.  When I had finished reading it, I loved it and decided to rent the DVD.  Well, it wasn't very good.  It was well acted, well directed, but the writing ....  They changed a really good ending from the book to a ... one in the movie.  So if you thought the movie was just OK, and your a huge Silence of the Lambs fan, then read the book!
 Manhunter is gem of a movie...watch it and expand your mind. The  Theatrical Version  is beautiful to look at and listen to...watch it or just buy the single DVD release. The 3 stars aren't for the film but the rip-off DVD. Anchor Bays' heavily advertised  Director's Cut  sucks. The transfer is pale and lackluster; the framing for the picture is too tight (compared to the theatrical version). Close-ups of half faces dominate; William Peterson (Will Graham, the Lead character) is even framed out of one of the additional scenes. The sound is just as bad, soggy and spatially deficient. In a word
 Low budget adaptation of the novel Red Dragon by Tom Harris.  Although a bit cheesey, being from the era of Miami Vice and Disco era, it is a pretty tight little thriller.  It spawned and greatly influenced the FBI/Criminal Profiler subgenre that Harris gleaned from John Douglas, the former FBI director of their fledgling Criminal Profiling Unit formed in the seventies.  This movie is the forerunner of all the Hannibal Lector movies and those productions stole heavily from this Michael Mann effort.  William Peterson and Tom Noonan are standouts in performance.  TV shows like all of the CSI's and Criminal Minds owe there existence to the combination/colaboration of the John Douglas book "Mindhunter",  Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon and the movie "Manhunter".
 This was the first look at Hannibal Lechter, but it really didn't have the impact of "Silence Of The Lambs and the two subsequent movies also dealing with Lechter. Those -  "Silence..,  "Hannibal and "Red Dragon (a re-make of this movie) - all had Anthony Hopkins as the famous criminal.  Hopkins "take on the character was so memorable, so riveting that he made it his own. In this movie, Lechter is not memorable. In fact, few people could tell you who played him in this film. The answer
 This is the first of the Hannibal Lector series.  The second which is a more known film, Silence of the Lambs, came out 5 years later.  Manhunter introduces us to Dr. Lector through the FBI agent Will Graham.  All we know is that Graham captured Dr. Lector and he is now in jail, but Graham still respects Dr. Lector's knowledge on forensic psychology and helps him to find another serial killer, "The Tooth Fairy".  This serial killer prays on "happy families and remains illusive.  Will Graham is determined to capture him at any cost.  Lector is played by Brian Cox.  I have to admit that I like Anthony Hopkins' portrayal of the diabolical Lector better.  "The Tooth Fairy is played by Tom Noonan and is by far his best acting role and he should have received some award for it.  He made the movie.  This film is produced by Dino De Laurentiis, the same producer as all of the Lector series except, Silence of the Lambs.  The story line was good, but the screen play adaptation could have been better, alot was lost.  I still believe this first in the series is an excellent choice and explains Hannibal's character.  This should be viewed before seeing Silence of the Lambs.
 Was I the only one who was left confused at the end of this movie? They not only changed the ending, but the whole premise seemed forced and not true to the book. The book was good, even better than good some Harris fan's may argue, but it was a light read, much like this movie is a light watch. You don't need to pay too much attention to this film to understand it; in fact, you could be doing housework (like I do when I watch it). The beginning of the Lecter series (in this movie, spelled  Lecktor ) this may be the most dissapointing novel in it. Lecter is imprisioned here, it's in the beginning of his eight-year incarceration. Some fascinating images and thoughts adorne the movie (a rather interesting scene when the hero, Will Graham, is trying to 'get into' the mind/mindset of the Red Dragon killer) and the actor who playes the Red Dragon is really quite good. Brian Cox is the infamous cannibal, not Hopkins, and his portrayle of Lecter is really interesting. He playes it like one might a circus clown; full of energy and not so much wit. I don't deny that Cox is a good actor, but Hopkins, with his slow and leathel style, was much better suited for the role of the flesh-eater. When you watch the Graham/Lecter interaction, one is reminded of an 'elaboration of a bad lie' (quote from Silence of the Lambs, the much better sequel to this film). It's almost like the actors are trying to play down the whole plot of the movie with a few minutes of poorly-written interaction. It's simple if you view this movie with a nonchalant attitude, really. You musn't see this without seeing Silence of the Lambs afterward, for it will releave you of this boring plot.
 The movie looks and sounds like an old Movie of the Week circa early 1970s. It looks and feels dated.  The screenwriter and director maintain the suspense. But it misses being a truly great film because of average performances by the actors and its  low-budget  feel. Some low budget films have a gritty feel and work remarkably well because of their intimacy and honesty, but the intimacy seems corny and goofy in this film. The print DOES look like a copy of an old VHS.  Wait until this goes into the bargain bin - there is no way it is worth the current asking price.
 Could have been much better if they would have been more aligned with Harris'Red Dragon.  It would have made for a much better ending.  In addition,  the Tooth Fairy  would have surpassed Buffalo Bill in sure creepiness if the Red Dragon would have been emphasized greater.
 This film was entertainig with credible performances from the cast howevever it neglects to capture the viewers undivided attention such as  The Silence Of the Lambs  and  Hannibal .  The story itself is definately more intriguing than the proceeding two films but the movie fails to deliver much insight into the villians character compared to the novel it was adapted from.  I could also do without the cheesy 80's music soundtrack blaring in the backround.  This is not a must for your DVD collection.  I recommend renting it before you buy it.
 A well made suspence-thriller on a low budget. Absolutely worth your time...
 Sometimes a director tries so hard he kills the thing he loves. Manhunter is a good example. After all the good things I'd read about it I was disappointed by the film's lack of suspense and charisma. There is a very synthetic feel to the whole production. As if we were watching reptiles in a glass cage.  The pacing is lethargic, the first ca. 20 minutes being especially tedious. Many more sequences that just don't add up. I found myself fast-forwarding several times, which usually indicates the editing needs tightening up. Well-paced films engage, but pace is not something Mann seems to have understood, at least not at this stage of his career.  The script is not particularly memorable. A good script might have compensated for the languorous pacing and allowed the actors to interact in a more dramatic, less voyeuristic fashion.  The wide angle aspect ratio seems wasted, with a lot of dead space. Everything looks scrubbed down and sterile. Like a made-for-TV movie in its bland, generic, compositionally unimaginative visuals.  Noonan and Cox are the reason I watched it. Unfortunately there's too little of Cox, and Noonan, for all his creepiness, can't quite break through the immaculate veneer of the film. So this is not a film I would add to my collection.  Technically, the DVD transfer is quite spectacular. Even after I zoomed in in an effort to make the thing come alive, detail remained impressive.
 In a way, I kind of feel for William L. Petersen. According to the IMDB, he's had about 30 roles. He's currently starring in and producing the very special CBS crime drama C.S.I He's done Shakespeare and other stage theater. Yet, someday he's gonna die, and his obituary is going to read  Petersen starred in Manhunter, a prequel to Silence of the Lambs the film that earned Jodie Foster an Oscar.   I had to think about this one for a long time, and I have come to the conclusion that its not a bad film. I'm always the first person to say that you have to try to look at a movie in regards to itself, not its peers. But on the other hand, I'm human and I have likes and dislikes, and I can say without a doubt that I liked Silence of the Lambs better.  But it doesn't stop there, Petersen is also likely to spend the rest of his career being compared to his other  little sister  Julianne Moore. To put things in perspective, I'll say that I did like Manhunter better than Hannibal.  This appears to be Petersen's  method acting  phase. Perhaps he is trying to relate to his character, William Graham, the FBI profiler who caught Hannibal Lecter (here spelled Lecktor) by using method acting. Graham has the ability to get so into character, to feel the killer's emotions so well, that he knows how he thinks and can behave as the killer would. Sadly, Petersen just doesn't quite have that skill (or didn't in 1986, anyway). He frequently comes across as weak and overemotional, when I think we are supposed to read him as troubled and intense. There is a difference.  I've dwelled on Petersen enough, its time to examine the rest of the film. Manhunter was written and directed by Michael Mann (much like every other crime drama ever 
 For the Amazon reviewer to state that Manhunter is "arguably even better than Silence of the Lambs is sheer idiocy and should immediately disqualify him from further reviews.  Manhunter is not even in the same league.  Apart from some good performances, the story is poorly told and not even particularly compelling.  Silence of the Lambs blows this movie away.
 I bought this but in the Hannibal Lecter collection, I FINALLY made it through lol. WOW... it's so terrible, but I gave it 3 stars because it's worth watching just to laugh at the 80's megastyle blow of it all... the long overly drawn out  pauses on sunsets and the lead actors gaze into the lens, the cheesy soundtrack, the scripted horridly robotic dialogue especially between Will and Hannibal in the jail cell etc. I thought I didn't care for Norton in the newer version of Red Dragon, but he's like a genius actor compared to this horrid style over substancefest.  Honestly, if I'd never seen or heard, knew... anything about this story/movie/Hannibal Lecter this movie wouldn't have made any sense at all and been utterly boring. It was an hour into the script/film that Will even mentions anything about his relationship with Lecter... come on lol, it's so horribly written. I haven't read the book? but despite that they need to make a script that is compelling and makes sense. Anthony Hopkins takes a huge dump on this entire film, he brought Hannibal to life completely... this guy Cox? whoever he is makes Hannibal seem totally forgettable in ever way.  I'd only suggest buying this stand alone movie if you love 80's Don Johnson style fluff, otherwise the only justification would be to do as I did and be forced to buy it with the Hannibal Lecter Collection just to get Hannibal on Blu-ray since it's apparently not available on it's own.
 I know Manhunter is somewhat dated and has a very 80s feel to it, but this was a very well-done, creepy film with decent acting and decent directing.  Unfortunately, the powers that be (which I suppose in this case is director Michael Mann) have made it so that out of the 4 or 5 different VHS and DVD releases of this film, not one has ever been of the actual theatrical film.  Even though these new DVD releases have some new footage put in, there are several short scenes from the original cut that have always been chopped out of these home releases, for some unknown reason.  This particular release includes some new clips that add nothing to the plot of the movie and actually make you like some of the lead characters less; they were better off left on the cutting room floor, as they were originally.  What makes these new scenes most distracting is that their quality is terrible, so you'll be watching a crisp, high-quality scene and all of a sudden a little grainy, awful-looking clip will appear, having been spliced back in, and then the picture quality suddenly goes to perfect again.  Very distracting.  I've never seen a director's cut of a film done this way, and I hope I never do again.  Most directors would cringe at the thought of saying,  Yes, this is my perfect vision of how this film should have looked, even with these horrible-looking clips included.   To get the best experience of this movie, stick with the 2001 release.  This one is only interesting for one viewing, and only then just for hard-core fans of the film whose curiosity is piqued.
 First off, the movie itself is excellent. I give it 4 stars. I bought this movie back in 1987, remembering that I wanted to see it based on previews at the theaters, but I never got to see it until it came out on VHS. However, this DVD release get's 3 stars only because it's nothing really special and it's the Limited Edition's Director's Cut with the video much improved. But, it still has a glaring omission that I will cover later in this review. I remember Showtime advertising a Director's Cut of the movie and I remember it being so much better than the theatrical version. The one scene that especially stands out in my mind is the final confrontation between Dolarhyde and Graham. First off, Graham has a 38 Bulldog special which only holds 5 rounds. Also, he is using Glazer safety slugs. In the theatrical version, Graham gets off six shots. WHOOPS! In the Director's cut, they get it right. He only fires 5 shots. Also, with Glazers, the bullet does NOT travel through the body. The whole point of Glazers is that they explode on impact, preventing them from passing through the intended target and possibly hitting someone behind them. In the theatrical version, you see blood spray after the 2nd or 3rd shot hitting the kitchen wall behind Dolarhyde. This would not happen with Glazers. Also, due to the impact and explosion of the bullet upon impact, anyone hit would have been down on the first shot. In the director's cut, the blood spray never happens, although there is blood on the back wall. I guess Mann decided to cut out the scene that contained the spray rather than reshoot it since the director's cut came out on Showtime some couple of years after the movie was released in theatres. With the theatrical and limited edition that Anchor Bay released, I got what I was looking for, but only to a degree. First off, the DVD theatrical version is NOT the true theatrical version. There are extra scenes added that were NOT in the theatrical version. Also, a scene where Graham sympathizes with Dolarhyde before the final confrontation is left out for some unknown reason. The Director's Cut is still not the TRUE director's cut that I saw on Showtime because of the missing scene just mentioned. However, it was the only version available, but the picture was horrible. Colors bled and overall, it appeared to have been copied from a pirated copy on VHS. That's how bad it looked. Much to my surprise, I was looking at a local store and saw the Restored Director's Cut. I was excited to finally have what was not given to us before. Or, so I thought. I guess the sentence that sold me was the one on the back of the DVD case
 mainly because the Tooth Fairy is a more compelling figure than Buffalo Bill was.  (Tooth Fairy?  Buffalo Bill?  These are pretty silly names, aren't they?)  This generally well-executed  (pardon the pun, pleaz)  movie is at its best when we start getting to know the killer, excellently portrayed by Tom Noonan.  Even though the press have dubbed him   Tooth Fairy   because of some nasty bite marks on the cadavers, our killer prefers to think of himself as   Red Dragon  -- a suitably macho monicker which perhaps compensates for his painfully shy, socially inadequate, hare-lipped persona.  While he's butchering families, he finds time to actually fall in love with a blind co-worker, and in so doing generating enough sympathy that you may find yourself surprised.  This is a great character; this is good writing.  (Although the writers fail the Tooth Fairy somewhat with the slam-bang slo-mo cliche ending.) Not so good is the overelaborate set-up with William L. Petersen's Will Graham and the FBI.  Amusingly, the movie couldn't care less whether you're able to follow all the details of the high-tech tools, diagrams, psychoanalytical profiles, et al., that are thrown at you during the first half-hour.  One would think that the FBI is sending Agent Graham to the Moon, rather than putting him on another case.  And the notion of our hero putting himself in the exact frame of mind as our killer passes belief.  Finally
 After seeing the flick, I think the whole point of the book and film was for P. Roth to have an opportunity to bash political correctness. C'mon! I went to college in the 1990s
 When I was watching the Human Stain, I felt like I was watching two movies. The first was the story of a justifiably bitter man redeemed by an unlikely love affair, who must protect his lover from her unstable ex. The second, and far more compelling, was of a young man in the 1940s who makes a fateful choice that will affect the rest of his life. Anthony Hopkins is excellent, as usual, and it's easy to imagine him having been a boxer in his youth-- he seems to bring a sense of pugnaciousness to most of his roles. Nicole Kidman is another matter. She's simply too glamorous to be believable as this beaten down and (in the novel) illiterate woman.   The other of half of the story is much more interesting and features an outstanding performance by Wentworth Miller as the young Coleman Silk. These scenes crackle with the energy of a young man and a country teetering on the edge of unimaginable upheaval. Anna Deveare Smith is also very good as Coleman's mother. For some reason, I never believed that Miller and Hopkins were the same person, and it seemed ludicrous that Coleman would reach late middle age without revealing his secret. (Couldn't he have done so in the '60s?) ....   Ed Harris is reliably good as Kidman's ex, but again it's hard to imagine his and Kidman's characters being married. A good try.
 THE HUMAN STAIN, from a novel by Philip Roth, is a handsomely produced independent film that strives hard to be a serious study of the effect racial prejudice has on an educated college professor (Anthony Hopkins) who retires when he is accused of using the word "spooks to cover two of his students who have never showed up for class. In the course of the story, we learn that he himself is a black man passing for white and dealing with a secret he's kept in the dark for most of his life. It has an odd way of telling the story with frequent intervening and overlapping flashbacks that are sometimes hard to follow. Even odder is the casting of Anthony Hopkins as a black man who looks white.  When he meets Nicole Kidman, we have two lost souls. She's running from her past, blaming herself for the accidental death of two children and running from a crazed ex-husband (Ed Harris) who threatens to break up her improbable relationship with the college professor. Kidman tackles a role beyond her scope as a trailer trash type who makes her living as a custodian cleaning up other people's messes. She is never convincing and makes the unappealing character both annoying and absurd, and has absolutely no chemistry with Hopkins. That he would be so attracted to her is highly improbable, given her sudden outbursts of insults and deep rooted anger.  Ed Harris and Gary Sinise do well in underdeveloped roles and both have some very valid moments where they seem like real people instead of contrived characters. Too bad they don't play a greater part in the story.  Production-wise, it's handsomely photographed in rugged winter settings but "the message fails to get its points across with any subtlety. Wentworth Miller is appealing as the younger Hopkins, but it's hard to accept that the handsome dark-haired youth could turn into a man resembling the older Hopkins--and he's a bit of odd casting too.  Kidman is forced to recite lines like
 I came into this movie knowing that, as has been proven time and time again in the history of novels being made into movies, that the adaptation would of course be an oversimplification of the complexity of the book.  The only question would be how gross the oversimplification would be.  Philip Roth's novel is a forthright examination of the thoroughness of misery.  Roth, as perhaps the last among those we can call American Novelists, peers into the American character to see how we all suffer through depths of misery though we look anxiously for an easy lifestyle--we are, after all, Americans.  But <a href="http
 Early in  The Human Stain,  a young man meets a woman. It's *the* woman, and although the scene is short it is perfectly played, and we know. We also know that the young man harbors a secret, which he will be forced to reveal just once, after which the woman will be lost, and so will the man for 45 years. Philip Roth's book and Robert Benton's movie is about that man, Coleman Silk, in his final year, and how he finds himself again in a woman.   The movie is, of course, much more complex than that. Too complex.   Silk is the mastodon dean of the classics department at a New England liberal arts school who is charged with racism after referring to absent students as  spooks.  Those students, whom Silk has never seen, are black. And so is Silk, though, played by Anthony Hopkins, he doesn't look it. Nor does anyone else know, because that's his secret. Faced with revealing his race to save his job, Silk instead resigns, his wife dies from the shock of Silk's tumultuous decline, and the fallen dean befriends a reclusive writer (Gary Sinise). He also meets a dairy worker, Faunia (Nicole Kidman), who's young, rough around the edges, sexually adventurous.   And so begins Silk's reawakening. Roth's book jumps around freely in time and points of view and so does the movie in an attempt to make some coherent point about privacy, personal identity, shame and loss. The book and movie are set against the backdrop of the Clinton/Lewinsky scandal - it seems like a grab for historical import in the book, while it is a distraction in the movie - and has several scenes set in the 1940s, as an 18-year-old Silk (Wentworth Miller) meets Minnesotan Sheena (Jacinda Barrett) and begins a brief, intense courtship. Miller and Barrett, in short shrift, develop instant, excellent chemistry - better than Hopkins and Kidman do in the present day scenes - which makes the moment when Sheena meets Silk's refined, soft-spoken black mother (Anna Deveare Smith) direct and tragic.   Silk's new romance is equally troubled, although it's Faunia with the disreputable label. She broadcasts her flooziness, and her husband, ex-Vietnam vet Lester (an electric, scary Ed Harris) hunts her from one sexual encounter to another. Silk, robust and virile as he is, is not fully prepared for this woman or her past.    The Human Stain  only works in spots; like the book, it has its moments, such as when old Silk dresses down a preppy lawyer, or Sheena  dances  for young Silk, but Benton and screenwriter Nicholas Meyer pile on so many themes that we're left only the aroma of a story, not an actual one. Kidman is the wrong actress for Faunia - talking in low scratch and chain-smoking does not a roughwoman make. Hopkins is better, but curiously distant as Silk, who is so far inside his own vision of himself that he still seems to be peering out for the coast to be clear. Harris steals every scene he's in, which is few.   The movie would been smarter to stay rooted in the past, during Silk's critical growth period. The present day material feels strangely like three old men - Roth, Benton and Meyer - getting off on a tough-skinned naked woman running her hand over a bewildered older man's body.
 "The Human Stain is about two individuals, battered and bruised by life, who try to find meaning and purpose in a May/December romance.  Anthony Hopkins plays Dr. Coleman Silk, a college professor who "resigns just prior to his retirement after a student unjustly accuses him of making a racist comment in his classroom.  Compounding the tragedy, Coleman also loses his wife to a brain aneurysm, the direct result, Coleman believes, of stress caused by both the accusation and the lack of support he receives from friends, colleagues and university officials concerning the charge.  The irony is that Coleman, unbeknownst to anyone else, is actually a light-skinned black man who has spent his adult life hiding his true identity from the world.  Coleman's life takes a seeming turn for the better when he enters into an affair with Faunia Farley, a 34-year old cleaning woman (Nicole Kidman) who has lost her two children in a fire and who is being stalked by her violent, mentally unstable husband, played by Ed Harris.  The fourth major character is Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), a reclusive author who becomes a friend and confidante of the ex-professor, and who ends up writing a story about this odd but compelling relationship.  "The Human Stain is an uneven, often muddled film that still has a great deal to offer the discriminating viewer.  On the negative side, Hopkins is woefully miscast in the lead role, not because he delivers a bad performance (he doesn`t), but because we find it virtually impossible to accept him as an African American passing himself off as white.  This may, indeed, be a case of a bridge too far when it comes to the extent to which we are willing to suspend our disbelief for any story, no matter how worthy its aspirations.  The film also suffers at times from a lack of clear definition, particularly with the Kidman character who remains pretty much an enigma throughout.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing since ambiguity is often more intriguing than clarity, but the filmmakers in this case needed to work a bit harder in developing her character.  Coleman's story is considerably more compelling, particularly in the scenes flashing back to the 1940's, as Coleman as a young man (well played by Wentworth Miller), has to cope with the difficulties of being a racially ambiguous person in a clear-cut, black-and-white world.  Frankly, the movie might have been more interesting had it focused on this aspect of the story and dropped the main plot line altogether.  Still, "The Human Stain is worth watching, albeit more for what it promises than for what it delivers.  The plotting may not always hold up under scrutiny, but the tone of quiet sadness that permeates the film pulls us into the tale anyway.  Here are two people who have been so mistreated by circumstances that even they don't know what it is they're searching for.  They just know that they can't continue going through life alone with no one to rely on for support.  As a result, we find ourselves drawn to these two people even though we can't always figure out why.  Hopkins (despite the serious credibility problem) and Kidman underplay their roles nicely, highlighting the sadness and vulnerability of their emotionally wounded characters.  "The Human Stain is a mixed bag of a movie, an admirably original and complex film that never quite brings all its various elements together.  Sinise and Harris` characters seem particularly contrived and tacked on, little more than awkward devices inserted to keep the plot moving along.  Still, in this day and age when most films provide little or no food for thought, even an unsatisfying work like "The Human Stain can serve as nutrition for the starved soul.
 I have not read the book, but I will assume for now that it is much more balanced than the film. Overall, it was interesting but not as good as it probably could have been. Though I really enjoyed the flashbacks and think that Wentworth Miller is a great actor, the scenes didn't seem to have any connection to the scenes set in 1998. They were randomly placed, for the most part, so I felt like I was watching two different movies. Though I love Anthony Hopkins, I do agree that he should not have been cast as Coleman. He's just not believable as a black man passing for Jewish, and to top that, he and Wentworth are absolutely nothing alike. Some books aren't made to be adapted into films, and I'd have to say that this one falls under that category.
 I knew little about The Human Stain before watching it, but I presumed a film with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Senise, and Ed Harris had to be good.  Those players were certainly outstanding in their individual performances, but I'm afraid the story itself did not come across as the gleaming finished product I was hoping for.  Like I said, the performances were excellent, and for the most part well cast.  Hopkins gave me what I expected from him.  Senise is steady and is an effective narrator.  Harris' role is smaller than what I forecasted, but his lines are delivered with just the right mood and strength.  Kidman, for me, really shone.  She is one of my favorites, and in this film she is eccentric, tragic, vulnerable, harsh.  However, as the plot untwists, I couldn't get past the possibility that Hopkins had been terribly miscast.  I won't spoil it for you, but this was a real distraction for me in the last quarter of the film.  The performances across the board were excellent, however, the screenplay and directing could not hold up the other end of the bargain.  The very intriguing premise of the film included race relations, political correctness, and sexual relations between people aged 40 years apart; but it never really did more than scratch the surface.  The story was enough to hold my interest, but it never pushed into very unfamiliar territory.  It was also undermined by some superfluous scenes.  I felt the foreshadowing in the first frames could have been omitted since it left the outcome of the film in little doubt.  Also, the final scene on the frozen lake was totally unnecessary and did nothing to bring closure to either of the characters' relationships.  The story itself seemed pieced together rather haphazardly.  All in all, I can only give this film a lukewarm recommendation.
 This movie started out excellently. I thought they should have shown more of the young Silk with his family. It also seemed that Jacinta Barrett was trying to stay with him until she realized his mother would never approve.  They should have shown him trying to decide whether to embrace his blackness and see if he could still keep his job or at least go to court and fight the charges while still remaining undercover.  The love story was totally unnecessary to the development of the plot, and the ending seems like they ran out of ideas.  I would have liked to see more of Wentworth Miller (his performance is worth watching the movie for) and Anna DeVere Smith.  And yes, Anthony Hopkins was truly miscast.
 This movie would have been wonderful if the focus was on Coleman's flashbacks to his college years, not on the jumbled-up present of his life.  While the segments with Nicole Kidman's character drag on, the flashbacks present a wonderful picture of what it was like to be of a racially mixed background during racial tumultuous times.  Wentworth Miller is wonderful as the young Coleman Silk (a role that should have given him more movie clout), and Anna Deveare Smith is stoic and touching as Silk's mother.  Gary Sinise and Ed Harris shine in their present-day roles, but Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are by far the weakest links in this movie.  Or, perhaps, their characters are by far the weakest links.
 Anthony Hopkins plays a man that is forced to deal with his past, and realize that no matter how much he wanted to hide it, he had to accept it, and move on! Enter Nicole Kidman, a 30-something year old woman, who herself has to deal with her past, a past that is riddled with pain and suffering. The world that these people live in is very separate, but in the course of the film, they suddenly collide.  Overall, the film was prety good, but in my opinion, the content was a bit over the top in vulgarity.  Some of it was very unecessary...and very unwanted...yes it was rated R, but it has been a long time since I have heard the "f word spoken more than ten times in a row within a 2 minute span...utterly embrassing in my book.  All actors involved in this project did a great job with the material.  Very dark drama indeed.
 This story explores two very different characters from opposite backgrounds, both of whom are estranged from their families and suffer terrible losses before finding a degree of contentment with each other.  The Anthony Hopkins character is very intriguing
 I wonder about the book upon which the film is based. Somehow I imagine that all the characters and their stories unfold in a more graceful way than they do (or can) with the limitations of a film. Nevertheless, the film does manage to convey both the seeming injustice of what happens to Anthony Hopkins' character as he nears the end of his career and the irony of it happening. It reinforces, in much the same way as the more recent House of Sand and Fog adaptation does, how obsessed people are with preserving a front or facade behind which they have lived for so long that they no longer know how to live otherwise, nor how to acknowledge the truth of their circumstances, even if it would save them.  Hopkins is predictably good in the role; Gary Sinise is good but somehow superfluous in his role as the narrator of the story; Nicole Kidman is good but somehow still not believable here because she is just too beautiful, too demure. In some ways, she is excellent and fits well in this role as a woman who has left behind a privileged background and gone down a path riddled with so much loss and misfortune and grief that she has deteriorated into the standoffish and icy woman she seems to be. But does she fit the role of cleaning woman and woman who awakens early to milk cows? Almost, but not quite. She did not disappear into this role. As a completely unhinged, disturbed Vietnam veteran/Kidman's husband, Ed Harris is somehow... alarming. In a good way. The back story about the history of Silk's (Hopkins's) character is a well-handled matter, which ultimately clues the viewer in to the irony and sheer ridiculousness of charges waged against Silk in the present day.
 A 50 year old secret kept hidden from everyone is about to ruin Coleman Silk's life. Slow to get going, it does finally show a couple brief skin scenes near the end, notably one of Nicole Kidman. It was a worth a rental.
 I wasn't sure what to expect with The Human Stain when it arrived. On the one hand, it had probably one of the worst movie titles I've ever heard. On the other hand, it featured some of my favorite actors - Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinese, and Ed Harris. But on the down side the trailers ruined most of the movie. Throw on top of that the fact that it's a dark, depressing character drama and not even the stellar cast could make this movie enjoyable for me.  The Human Stain is a really depressing movie. Every character in the film is depressed, tortured, or otherwise put through emotional hell at one point or another. It's a bit intense and not for you if you're looking for some light entertainment.  The script is pretty good. The story jumps back and forth in time and features Silk as both a young man and an older man. (I personally found the less star powered tales from his youth to be more interesting.) There is also some pretty good dialogue offered. However, it has some problems. It asks the audience to take some pretty big leaps in believability. First of all, we're asked to believe that Anthony Hopkins is a light skinned black person. (And that secret was ruined in the trailers early on, another bad mark against The Human Stain.) Believing Hopkins is black makes about as much sense as believing he's Hispanic. (Zorro, anyone?) As much as I like Hopkins, someone else should have been cast as Silk. The second big leap in logic is the fact that Silk, a highly educated older professor, would fall for an uneducated, psychologically tortured character like Faunia. I can't see the two falling for each other under many real world circumstances. And any time a character in the film suggests that it has something to do with sex, Silk flies into a rage. Well, seeing as how most of the time they are only shown in bed together, that seems like the only explanation. They certainly don't seem to have any other believable connection. My final gripe on the script is that it repeatedly mentions the Bill Clinton / Monica Lewenski scandal. It seemed to be trying to offer some sort of commentary on the subject, but I never quite figured out what it was. It seemed to be saying that the whole incident was trivial, but I wasn't sure.  Despite not being black, Anthony Hopkins does a pretty good job as Coleman Silk. He has no problem portraying the intellectual side of the character. He also doesn't seem to have any problem playing the horny old man side, either. Nicole Kidman goes through an impressive trailer trash transformation as Faunia Farley. Kidman is good at playing the tortured soul and that's what she does here (along with having a surprising number of nude scenes). Ed Harris is also good at playing the psychotic Lester Farley while Gary Sinise plays the straight man and narrator as Nathan Zuckerman. However, I was very much impressed with Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk. He imitated Hopkins fairly well and he's a handsome young actor who I could see taking on larger roles. I found the scenes where he turns his back on his family and race to be the best of the movie.  The Human Stain is also a good looking film. The backgrounds and sets are beautiful and the camera flatters all of the actors. A good film score also helps to elevate the film. It's fortunate that The Human Stain had these things going for it along with the excellent cast, because otherwise it would even worse. In the end the excellent cast helps raise the quality up a bit, but not enough to sell me on it.
 I knew nothing about the movie before I saw it. I Thought it'd be some thriller, and I was wrong. Even though it's no thrill, it's still good.  Good acting and an interesting plot. A little long, but it moves along smoothly.
 The Human Stain is one of those movies that seems to be self consciously striving for Oscar nominations. It features an all star cast, lots of tragedy and melodrama and weighty social issues involving race. Furthermore, it utilizes the overused technique of jumping back and forth in time, which in the case of the aging protagonist (played by Anthony Hopkins), means quite a few decades and allows for a large dose of nostalgia (accompanied by old songs of course) to be thrown into the mix. If this sounds like a cynical view of the movie, it's because the elements never really cohere. Hopkins, as always, gives a good performance, and Nicole Kidman and Gary Sinese are fine in supporting roles, but the plot, taken from a novel by Philip Roth, is meandering and top-heavy and it's hard to find a focal point.   Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a Classics professor who resigns his position over a controversy involving race. Soon after, his wife dies, from causes apparently related to the stress of the situation. Coleman then meets the narrator of the tale, a writer played by Sinese, whose role is mainly to observe. Coleman begins an affair with a troubled younger woman (Kidman), whose life contains a laundry list of tragic elements, including a psychotic ex-husband who is stalking her.   There's one primary  secret  that is central to the film; although it's been fairly well publicized, I prefer not to divulge it here. I will say, however, that it does not go well with the casting and further strains the viewer's credulity. The Human Stain is a film with several interesting characters, some good scenes but an excess of melodrama and plot points.
 "The Human Stain is very watchable. It does have flaws however.  Not the least of which is the miscasting of Anthony Hopkins.  The story is interesting, and holds one's interest for the most part.  The acting however is extraordinary.  You must see this film for the outstanding, right on the mark performance of Ed Harris. His intensity as an actor never fails to amaze me. Equally brilliant is Anna Devere Smith as the mother. Her subtle and underplayed role is nothing short of heartbreaking.  Rent or buy this film if you're interested in seeing great actors at the top of their game.  I haven't mentioned Nicole Kidman because I am still not sure she was right for her role.  Nevertheless she does a commendable job with a difficult part.  It was obvious that turning the book into a film was a challenge.  It almost makes it.  If only they had found someone other than Hopkins for the lead.  He's a fantastic actor, but is never believable for a moment in this role.
 Back when there was a Soviet Union they get together with the Cubans to invade the U.S.A. Unfortunatly for them they chose to drop-in on one of the highest points in the world. The commies pick the wrong town to start their invasion. Here we find benevolent but defiant parents and the fiercest set of patriotic teenagers called wolverines; they will attempt to defend and free the country from the dastardly invaders. As we hear every cliche and see all the pitfalls, we get to kibitz.  Don't ask if an innovation can take place. It has. Now what are you going to do about it? Relatives shot, friends turned traitor, and outgunned, don't let that stop you.
 The DVD could use a few extras considering the importance of this film to the time period it was released.  I love this film. It was one of the first PG-13 films ever released, if not the first, and I was 11 years old when it came out. I actually remember trying to act 13 to get in.  The scene which has always stuck in my mind the most is toward the beginning when the Russian/Cuban paratroopers decend on the high school and the History Teacher (discussing Genghis Kan) naively walks out to greet them.  A very fascinating image of beauty and brutality.  I think the film had a great concept and although I found the ending to lose a bit of the excitement the beginning held, it still goes down as one of my most memorable films of the 1980's.
 "Red Dawn is a historical artifact from the fun-filled carefree days of the first Reagan administration, which pounded out the message that the Asiatic communist hordes were stomping around just over the border in Central America, and the Soviet Union's bigger and better military machine was champing at the bit to take on the USA.  This war talk scared most of conventional Hollywood, which responded with anti-nuclear war movies such as "Testament and "The Day After.  Listening to the White House in those days, it seemed that Reagan's steady hand over the Big Button was all that kept the godless Red Menace from smashing Our American Way Of Life.   The "Soviet Menace was, in hindsight, a lot of overblown hooey, and we now know (and probably should have known then) that the Soviet military was a large, rusting junkpile that even then was being bested by American financed Afghan mullahs, which later morphed into the Taliban.  "Red Dawn"s premise of a Soviet-Cuban-Nicaraguan surprise attack on the United States, and occupation, was, and is, bogus.  On this point alone, "Red Dawn should earn a single star. But I have a soft spot for "Red Dawn", because director John Milius, propagandist extraordinary (see "Wind and the Lion"),  has captured an improbable adolescent fantasy and turned it into a reasonably tight, action-filled adventure.  The plot is absurd, but what red-blooded American teenager growing up in the 50s and 60s didn't fantasize about taking to the hills and fighting Nazi/Red Chinese/Soviet invaders?  And how many kids, as I did, dreamed of being rescued from the algebra final by rampaging Soviet paratroopers, which opens "Red Dawn"?  C'mon, be honest.  Milius, whatever his political bent,  is a good storyteller, the actors are earnest, and the action keeps the movie rolling. The movie follows small town high school football hero Jed Eckert (Patrick Swayze), his brother Matt (Charlie Sheen (pre-"Platoon")) and his band of teen-age guerillas to resist the Soviet occupation of Colorado in the early days of World War Three.  Is that really Swayze's dance partner from "Dirty Dancing, Jennifer Gray, buried under that rumpled Army jacket?  What a country.  No wonder the Russians lose. The "Wolverines are joined by an Air Force pilot (Powers Boothe), who patiently explains how the Ruskees caught us with our pants down and cleaned out half the country. "Red Dawn is borderline camp.  Harry Dean Stanton, perennial desert rat and the father to one of the Wolverines, gets the best line of the movie, "Avenge me! just before a line of American civilians singing off-key patriotic hymns get the Kalyshnikov treatment.  The Russians, who have managed to skunk NORAD and America's best and brightest military minds in their surprise attack, are fundamentally stupid and boorish up close and personal.  Milius likes his action black and white, and heck, why not. It's a fine family movie.  The violence is not too gory, no nudity, no sex and not much bad language.  Just remind the kids, it's just a fantasy flick, and nothing more.  My only troubling concern is, based on some of the reviews, there are people who are still taking this film seriously as some kind of patriotic statement.  The irony is that there were real teen-age Wolverines, only they were the thousands of Russian high-school partisans who died fighting the Nazis behind the lines in the woods and marshes during WW2. &lt;...
 My wife rented this one last night to entertain our 8 year old son.  I watched it with the rest of the family and was modestly amused at the cheesiness of this film, which, I will sheepishly admit, was a favorite of mine back when it first came out on VHS in the mid-80's.  In those days the Cold War was still on, and I was a young GI whose main concern was whether I and my buddies would be called upon to fight the Commies.  This movie plays out the World War III scenario that many of us imagined back then -- a full scale Soviet invasion of the U.S. mainland.  The story focuses around a handful of teenagers who flee for the shelter of the mountains in the early days of the war, and are incited to start a guerilla war against their occupiers after witnessing the Soviets' brutality against their friends and families.  It was amusing to say the least as I watched Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson in their much more youthful days.  The story is all about patriotism, sacrifice, heroism, and a very difficult coming of age -- you know, all that good war movie stuff.  There's no shortage of melodrama, the Soviets are painted in the worst possible light, and their Russian is awful.  In a nutshell, this is a classic anti-Communist propaganda flick, but somehow still strangely entertaining -- not entirely sure why.  Give it a try and decide for yourself.  Who knows, you may like it, especially if The Big Red One is your kind of flick -- they're of a pretty similar quality in my estimation.
 I liked the movie very much, as I believe it is okay to be patriotic and fly the flag.  Where did this Jim Emerson come from?  Do we have to be subjected to reviews by far-left-leaning, gun-hating, anti-Reagan Liberals?  I realize reviews are subjective, but I don't care to be bludgeoned with someone's political views such as I felt I was with Mr. Emerson's review.
  Red Dawn  is essentially a  what-if  tale of a United States invasion by...who else?...Communist nations.  If nothing else, it's certainly entertaining and thought-provoking film.  I'm not a fan of Patrick Swayze's but I really cannot fault either his acting skills or those of C. Thomas Howell in this picture. That said, I must comment on the overall context of  Red Dawn .  Much like John Wayne's  The Green Berets , this film is somewhat hackneyed by today's standards and doesn't stand the test of time well, although it's still interesting to watch.  One must keep in mind that  Red Dawn  was made during the presidency of Ronald Reagan while Cold War feelings were running pretty strong and not too long after we invaded Grenada to save some medical students from a Marxist revolution.  For this reason, ultra conservatives will hail this picture for its prescience while ultra liberals will decry it for being unrealistic.  Neither of these positions really do justice to the movie. While  Red Dawn  is not a movie I care to add to my personal collection, I think it is one best enjoyed with the viewer's political filter, be it left or right, turned off.
 There was a little book published by conservative publishing house Regnery Gateway several months after the release of this movie, entitled "What To Do When The Russians Come".  It pretty well captures the tenor of the times.  We now know that the Soviet Union was hopelessly bogged down in Afghanistan, couldn't even invade Poland in 1980 because its mobilization for that operation was hopelessly bollixed up, and that its economy was already beginning to collapse as a result of the brilliant operation the Reagan Administration executed against it to drive the "evil empire into bankruptcy by forcing it to engage in an unwinnable arms race - and, indeed, only eight months after the movie came out, Mikhail Gorbachev became General Secretary of the CPSU, and we all know what ensued.  None of that was apparent at the time, though, and people still seriously worried about the Red Army storming all the way to the English Channel.  While invasion of North America wasn't something we fretted about quite so much, it's well to remember that this was the era where Central America seemed on the verge of falling to Marxism, where El Salvador and Nicaragua were both in the midst of cruel civil wars and Cuba seemed about to become a major regional power.  It is in the context of these times that "Red Dawn must be viewed, and also as a major early outing for several actors who later became very well-known (Patrick Swayze, C. Howell Thomas, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Grey - Swayze's future "Dirty Dancing co-star).  It is also to be noted that there are several serious problems with Milius' invasion scenario
 Red Dawn is a movie featuring many popular teenage actors like Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, and Charlie Sheen.  Although a little chimerical, I give this move 3 stars.  Red Dawn gives the allusion that Russia and Cuba are nefarious empires seeking to become the world power.  With many action scenes and unheralded foul language, some might believe this film should be more censorious.  To be laconic, it's all about a group of teens who suppress themselves from the depleted town to the mountains.  However, they cannot forget their fellow Americans and decide to try and assuage the problem of the enemy taking over.  Even with the Russian's behemoth tanks and oscillating strategies, these "Wolverines aren't malcontent on just sitting back.  It seems impossible in real life a group of inexperienced teens could actually fight trained Russians and Cubans, but once you get into the movie you forget how impossible most of the scenes are.  However, even with the Wolverines myopic view of war, they do fell many enemies.  Without any tanglible food, tarnished supplies, many quandaries, and a paucity of back-up, these teens really do make a difference.  Characters like Swayze are herioc without ingratiating themselves.  It is hard to believe that this group could actually survive in the mountains, fight an enemy, and still have survivors in the end.  For it's time, I'd say John Milius, the director, did a good job with casting.  This film is proficient entertainment, despite the impossibility of Russia and Cuba coming over to America out of nowhere and attacking.  All in all, it's a good movie.
 The Red Dawn is a movie directed by John Milius. The movie is very accurate but a false scenerio of WWIII. I give the move three stars.    In the movie nefarious Russians invade the U.S. with everyone held hostage some banter teenagers run to the mts to hide. The war scenario turns the teenagers in to benevolent fighters. The teenagers had very low numbers but somehow managed to suppress the soviets. The soviets condoned the teenagers and treated them like they were harmless. When the teens stared their attacks on the soviets they were very proficient. The group starts to call themselves the Wolverines. The attacks started to get more benevolent wehn the Wolverines were out to assuage the deaths of their friends and family. the Wolverines showed to be very illustrious with their attacks. The Wolverines started dying when they started making noisome mistakes.    The brothers in the movie played by Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen were the best actors. In the end of the movie they went into the city to distract the Soviets so that two other Wolverines could escape. The brothers were fell by the Soviets but the other Wolverines escaped    Overall the movie was very good but out of date. It had a sort of malcontent to it but also censorious. The acting could have been better but overall an interesting movie.
 Red Dawn is an action packed war movie based on "World War III.  The illustrious director John Milius has yet again surprised us with another good movie.  Although I do not condone war I have to say that this movie wasn't too bad.  This movie takes place in a small town in Colorado that is invaded by russo-cuban troops.  Patrick Swayze and an all-star cast of Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson find themselves in quite a quandry.  Whether to sit back and watch their town be destroyed, or to suppress this attack.  This group of teenagers  form a guerilla warfare resistance group called the Wolverines.  They are out to avenge the deaths of their family and friends who were brutally and maliciously murdered by the russo-cuban armies.  Hiding in the mountains and duping the enemy, the Wolverines are proficient in their attacks and are culpable for the hundreds of russo-cuban deaths.  With their non-lackadaisical attitude the Wolverines kindle a massive fire with the russo-cuban armies that can not be extinguished.  All in all this was an overall enjoyable movie with non-stop action and excitement.
 You have to admit, it's a great premise. What would America look like and do if war was conducted on our own soil instead of across an ocean? But instead of going the conventional way of showing you anything and everything about it, director John Milius decided to give this depressing scenario a view from a bunch of high school kids. We don't even know the full extent of the attack until the middle of the movie. Interesting concept sure, but what looks good on paper almost never works when fully attempted.  First off, with the exception of a young Charlie Sheen, the acting is bad... as in pathetic. Patrick Swayze is a guy you wouldn't expect this from, but he's one of the worst offenders. Then there's the plausibility of the Wolverine story. Sure, it's possible that a band of high schoolers could take on the Commies in small groups, but it wouldn't last for as long as it did. But it's Hollywood, so I give some leeway here. And there's probably a reason connecting with pride or something, but why didn't they just head towards "Free America and help mount bigger and better attacks from there? At least they could fight on the borders, and receive supplies from the Americans. But instead, it's not until most of them are dead (more on that later), that they decide it would be better to not do everything independently.  Then there's the plausibility of the whole Russian invasion. Now, I'm far from an expert, but wouldn't it be almost impossible for the Russians to launch that big of an attack, so coordinated, so problem-free, so quickly, without a huge retaliation? I'm just saying. It was pretty hard to do it back in the 80s, and word to the wise for those doing the rumored remake, it's impossible to do it today.  Now don't get me wrong, the concept is very intriguing, and works great on paper, but the only problem is that it's extremely depressing. Call me an ever-happy schmo, but watching America being desecrated in such a manner with reeducation camps just doesn't exactly lift my spirits. It's probably not supposed to, but after 2 hours, it just drags you down. Add to the fact that all but 2 main characters die, including Charlie Sheen, in one downer of an ending and some painful scenes, and it's a bit overkill (no pun intended). I also didn't care for the fact that the ending left so many questions unanswered, leaving just a short narration. Here's a question, what ever happened to Patrick Swayze's character?  Now, it may sound like I hate the movie, but I don't. I was entertained and interested, but the movie just falls in so many ways, it's a downer, and again, most of the movie is just depressing. It has some good American values, intriguing concepts, and some interesting character studies. It plays on the fears of the Cold War, and therefore has the most impact for those who fully experienced these 'I Play Chicken With The Train' times. So, in a battle of best Cold War 80's movie, "War Games still wins hands down. So here's to America, the NRA and The Wolverines!
 RED DAWN illustrious protrays what could of happened had Russia attcaked during the Cold War.  This movie is tangible in that Russia could have joined forces with Cuba to attack the U.S. but the fact that a group of tennagers leading a gurrela type warfare is unbelievable.  The cast which includes future big screen movie stars are Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.  Sheen, Thompson, and Gray make-up part of the lackadaisial gurrela group who nickname themselves the Wolverines.  The group is led by Swayzw, who does a proficient job at leading them.  Though the acting is suppressed in some scenes, especially towards the end, it is rejuvenated during the battle scenes and emotionl ones.  The plot of the movie shows how the Wolverines fight back to quell the enemines, though they are sizable smaller than the behemoth invadiers.  The allusions made in the movie about Afghanistan give comparsion to present day Iraq.  Even with its outdated special effects the full extent of scenes are not tarnished and get the point across.  Overall it is a decent movie and is great for any war buff so I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars.
 Red Dawn is an unheralded epic that first debuted about two decades ago. It is a tale that follows a group of teenage boys who survided an attack in America by Russian and Cuban soldiers during the Cold War.  The behemoth armies destroyed towns in Colorado in which the young men lived.  Determined to avenge the lost of their family members and the destruction of their towns, the young men band together to form the 'Wolverines' and escape to the mountains of Colorado.  The 'Wolverines' engage in guerilla war with the nefarious foreing enemies and despite the aucity of men, are able to countervail and suppress the Russians.  John Milius, the director, creates an entertaining movie that appears to all people.  However, the movie is somewhat overdone and unrealistic.  A group of young boys, reallistically, could not have felled the Russian and Cuban armies single handedly.  The movie is also ingratiated with violence and therefore does not leave the viewer laconic.  Despite the exaggerations, Red Dawn is a tale that rejuvenates a sense of patriotism in all Americans.  It depicts young Americans fighting to protect our nation while confronting the evils of communism.  I would extol John Milius and the entire cast.
 The movie Red Dawn stars upcoming actors such as Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen.  The movie takes place in Colorado and starts off at the town's high school.  Russian forces construe an attack on the school and explode onto the scene with mass gunfire.  A group of guys escape (including Swayze and Sheen) and hide up in the mountains.  There they contradict ideas of survival and go through many adventures.  After being suppressed in the mountains for several months, the guys lead an attack on the Russians.  The town has been tarnished and the townspeople are lackadaisical; nothing is the same.  Red Dawn somewhat expresses the harsh realities of war, but in a lame and outdated way.  A group of high school boys fighting against an entire army to avenge the deaths of hundreds is not very realistic.  This movie earns a rating of three stars due to the poorness of the storyline and acting.  However, there were some strong points to Red Dawn, such as the behemoth of gunfights and other traits of a traditional action movie.
 Anyone wanting to understand why citizens of countries like Iraq and Afghanistan attack their "liberators needs to view this film. It does not justify its heroes, it explains them, and shows them "warts-&-all". The picture is brilliant from that perspective
 Oh the 80's. Reagan was in office and those evil Russian Communists from the Godless U.S.S.R. wanted to wipe us off the planet. This film has Patrick Swayzee and Charlie Sheen fighting off a Russian invasion in the American heartland. They are civilians, but they create a group of guerilla fighters that would do John Rambo proud. Hey even Rambo never drank blood! Anyway as far fetched as this movie may be, you have to remember that ever since Sputnik went up, there was always Russian hysteria up until the final moment the Soviet Union fell apart. For a nostalgic look at 80's life and political views, Red Dawn is a slice of Hollywood history.
 The movie is OK, filming quality was about par for the course, acting was a little wooden and the dialog and situations felt a little cheezy. Of course this is in retrospect using movies like Blackhawk Down and Saving Private Ryan as a benchmark and that just isnt fair. Having said that, I have seen this film 50+ times in its entirety and the several versions of it that are out there.  In these terrorist ridden times however, the film's ultimate irony is that the situation, and even the characters themselves are American transpositions of the very Mujhideen fighters we now lable as terrorists. Back during the 1980s the Mujhideen were so iconized by our society as heros fighting the good fight against the Soviet Juggernaut that a 'boodnguts' American director felt it was a small step between turning Muslims in Afghanistan to Christians in Colorado. Today the director of such a film would probably be interviewed by the FBI, and thrown in a prison brig when it turned out one of the technical advisors was actualy a Mujhideen veteran.  This film is not some chest-beating, American-flag waving film. It does not reak of the false patriotic sentiment so common now (Proud to be American (Since 9/11!))It is not so much about nations as it is about ideals, and today more than ever, the movie goes to show that oppression and evil can come in any shape and size, be it Taliban Muslims, or Soviet Athiests, or even American Christians. On the flip side it shows that people of any nation and creed can be 'the good guys' and 'innocent victems'. A lesson we'd best learn soon. The price of peace is eternal vigilance.
 I've been watching Cold War movies from this era and this is the worst of the bunch (The Day After, War Games, Testament,  Threads
 Red Dawn  is a epic tale of nefarious teenagers, who fell the pirah in there own backyard. These teenagers led by Jud (Harry Dean Stanton) the liberal high school quaterback avenged his family along with his friends attacked the soliders from the USSR and the Cuban's. They made the allusion to contradict with the reports that they were fighting and had not yet been restrained. With the intransigent insurgents not willing to give up without what they came for look harder to find the "Wolverines who were depleating their own troops. As the rejuvenated teens were gaining experience with the weapons the exacerbated and suppressed themselves to be full fledge fighters who made countervail attacks using the enemy's weapons. Till the end the proficient teens did not win with the paucity numbers they started with. They are duped with banter of being the unheralded hero's of WWIII.
 First of all, I received this DVD as a Xmas gift last month and I just got around to watching it today.  Red Dawn was one of my all time favorite war movies from the '80s.  I used to watch my old "taped from HBO version quite often.  Now the film is on DVD.  Piture quality is not bad in some scenes, but grainy and even sometimes at different light levels in others.  The biggest problem with the DVD release is the sound.  I mean the sound effects of the guns, especially of the hunting rifles that the Wolverines use sound so metallic and unrealistic due to their un-remastered digital transfer I assume.  Had the sound track been totally remastered and the picture remastered this could have been a really great nostalgic DVD release. Now for the movie itself.  Actually, I found some of the dialogue between the "bad guys very ironic with regards to the country's attitude post 9-11.  There was a conversation between Col Bella and a Russian commander in Calumet right before the Jennifer Grey character, Toni, went in and bombed the Soviet HQ that really hit home with current events.  It was actually spooky. It's just ashame that MGM continuously releases subpar DVDs.
  Red Dawn  made its debut in the latter days of the Cold War, and is reflective of the fears and anxieties as regards the Soviets that characterized the times.  For that reason, it was a controversial movie.  Liberals and Leftists detested  Red Dawn  while conservatives loved it. Red Dawn has its flaws.  The acting (other than by Patrick Swayze) is not first rate, and the storyline is somewhat murky.  On the other hand the special effects are pretty good, and the Soviet troops and equipment look authentically Soviet.  The basic premise, I thought, was very entertaining--the Soviet bloc makes an actual surprise attack and ground invasion of the United States, which it partially occupies. The local high school kids form a partisan resistance movement which is suprisingly successful and effective.  (Yes, this may be unrealistic, but who is to say?). While the acting is not brilliant, it is largely serviceable.  It is a fact that this movie is unabashedly anti-Soviet. I guess critics can always go see Warren Beatty in  Reds.    In the final analysis this film succeeds for the reason that any movie succeeds--it entertains.  It holds the viewer's interest.  The movie will always be an entertaining reminder of how dreadful the Cold War was, and how grateful we should be that it ended successfully.
 In RED DAWN, director John Milius presents a post apocalyptic vision of America that was current during the Reagan years.  This America lived in fear of a confrontation with the Evil Empire that many thought would go nuclear.  There is a nuclear exchange in this film, but Milius wisely presents it off screen instead choosing to portray a micro version of World War III right here in the Rockies. The film works on two levels.  The first one in the Rambo-like action duels between high school students led by a trio of future stars--Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, and Jennifer Gray--and a strange coalition of Russian, Cubans, and Nicaraguans troops. On this level, the acting is competent. The audience faces a series of armed confrontations between the students called Wolverines and the Russian-Cuban connection. There are many standout scenes with the first one at the beginning. A high school teacher is explaining the Mongol battle tactics of Genghis Khan when theory explodes into reality when Russian paratroopers drop literally into his lap with predictable tragic consequences. From this point, the viewer witnesses the action from both sides.  Swayze from the American side and Ron O'Neal as the surprisingly complex leader of the Cubans.  Each plays a cat and mouse game with their inevitable meeting not coming until the very end. Yet, beneath the action level, there is another symbolic level of allegory that more than a few critics have dismissed as right wing paranoia.  Milius draws on a long tradition of celluloid and literary appeal to the kind of patriotism that existed right up until the end of the Viet Nam war. In previous films of the John Wayne era, Americans had a duel level view of guns. They were part of America's frontier heritage by necessity but distanced from its urban heritage by legal fiat. In RED DAWN, Milius unabashedly proclaims that when the Bad Guys from Overseas land on our shores, it will be only firearms than can save our collective skins.  I have seen viewings of this movie in which the audience snickers loudly when American hostages sing patriotic songs just before the Russians execute them in a manner that surely brings to mind similar shootings that were then making the news from Afghanistan. Such singing did not seem funny to me at all. In fact the emotional resonance of that scene and a few others like that collectively suggest that when this nation may face a dawn of blood red, then the often mocked patriotism of the past will make a rapid resurgence.
 Red Dawn.  I like this movie. I recall seeing it in the mid 1980s. It struck a cord with me then as it does now.  Before I go onto review important aspects of the film
 Like your average late 20 something year old male, I do enjoy a good action movie.  There's something strangely appealing of the idea of the story's protagonist blasting their way through legions of cannon fodder with nothing more than an inexhaustible supply of bullets and their shear will to commit genocide.  Red Dawn famously holds the world record for 134 acts of violence per hour, and naturally satisfies my craving immensely.  The one thing I admire about Red Dawn is that it's not afraid of political correctness, bitch-slapping  it with an American flag wrapped around a baseball bat.  The whole story plays out like a paranoid manifesto of a far right-wing conspiracy theorist with several gunmen short of a grassy knoll.  It's the near future (From their point of time) and World War 3 has broken out between the Soviet Block on one hand, and the United States on the other.  A group of average American high school students are caught in the cross fire and must fight to survive when their small country town is occupied by the invaders.  Although I'm not one to criticise American jingoism - As an Australian, I believe every country in the world is allowed to toot their own horn - There are parts where the patriotism goes so far overboard that it ends up on the other side of the boat.  I really don't care about American Patriotism, because it's an American Movie made for an American Audience.  They can do what ever they want.  The problem I have with this is that there's too much patriotism in this movie to the point where it starts eating up the scenery.  The story is also a big fat fail, on account that there is none; Just the Soviet Union invades the US.  If you look at the movie, all it really is, is just a bunch of events all pasted together with very little to connect them.  There's no over all goal other than 'Let's Kill as Many Communists as we Can and Survive.'  I know this movie was supposed to be a homage to WW2 resistance fighters, but if you're going to go as far as this movie went, at least be creative.  The characters themselves also come across as cluttered.  We are given a random bunch of teens, thrown in together by the outbreak of war but they don't work.  This is where the movie losses some of it's shine.  You have at least eight characters all buying for screen time, all trying to look important that I often lost track of who was what, and why they were crying for this person, who had a love interest and why was he a traitor.  Red Dawn tried to come across as a drama, action, comedy, and soap opera all in one, and the end result is schizophrenic.  Too many chefs spoil the brew literally comes to mind with with movie.  If there's one saving grace in this film, it's the action.  It's freak'n fantastic.  Reminiscent of those 80's ear action flicks, it's nail biting, intense, on-the-edge-of-your-seat fun.  When the movie ratchets up the action, it keeps you entertained and since this IS an action movie, well, you can't blame the movie for not doing what it set out to do.  I'd like to finish of this review by visiting that age old comment that this film demonizes  the Russians.  BS!  That people, is being hypocritical!  Why can't the Soviet Union be the bad guys?  It's like saying, "It's okay for you to be the bad guy but it's not okay for me to be the bad guy!  Have you ever noticed that nobody cries BOO, when the Nazi's are being shot up?  It's okay to demonizes Nazi Germany, but it's not okay to demonizes Soviet Russia?  Both nations where dictatorships and both were into the habits of brutally suppressing people; People from Poland, Hungary, and the Baltic states really don't have anything nice to say about the USSR.  It's not the Russian's that are being demonized here guys, it's the Russian Government.  Just as the German government is being demonized and not the Germans.  Finally, to wrap it all up, I'd like to summarise the movie in once sentence.  Red Dawn is a good watch for an action movie but fails when it tries to be a story movie.
 Instead of concentraing on the film and it's content, I want to talk about the way MGM poorly treated this film on DVD.  First is the transfer. I don't know about anyone else, but the picture was very dark in the day sequences. The film looks actually better when it plays on cable. Also the film was very grainy in some spots. MGM has somewhat improved over the years in presenting their films, but this one needs a serious remastering. The audio on the other hand was quite good.  Another missed opportunity was in the supplementary material. I would love to have had a commentary by John Milius and or the cast. Maybe even a updated documentay with the cast, director, producers and writers on their reflections of the film. Are they embarrased by it? From what I can recall(I was 13 when the film was released)the film was a hit at the box office.  As far as the film goes it was entertaining. You can't help but feels chills when watching some scenes, like the interrogation of the Russian soldier. It definitely reflects some of what's going on in the news today with the War in Iraq.  I hope MGM revisits this film and gives it a proper update. Red Dawn deserves it.
 That's the whole point.  The USSR could never have launched an airborne invasion of Colorado.  Sure, it's a dumb idea.  That's why it's a fun movie -- assuming you like war movies (and if you don't like war movies, you shouldn't be reading this review).  A friend of mine who used to be an intelligence officer in a U.S. Army tank battalion loves watching Red Dawn, just to try and identify all the Soviet equipment. It's accurate enough for an action film, even down to the tactics the guerillas use.  (Yes, boys from rural America really do have access to firearms, and they know how to hunt and track.  That was true in 1984, and it's still true today.)  Often overlooked are fine performances by Harry Dean Stanton and Powers Booth.  However, more than anything, Red Dawn is an artifact of a time when the world was eye-to-eye with the Evil Empire. If you came of age during the 1980s, this film is redolent with Reagan-era memories, both good and bad.  For heaven's sake, just don't take it seriously -- and that goes for both left- and right-wing viewers.
 Synopsis
 **Contains NO story spoilers.** --This review is for Death Note vol. 7. My husband and I have loved watching this series, and have impulsively bought the next dvd, and then the next dvd, without caring how much money we had left in our bank account because this show was so addicting... and we are finally caught up waiting for December 30th for the next volume.  Hard to wait!  We went through the available dvd's really fast. It's a great series, but it has dipped on this volume... Let me explain.  I browsed through the other reviews and was absolutely stunned that NO reviewer has mentioned, (or maybe they all didn't notice?), the one main thing that jostled my like for this late turn of events on this volume 7
 The pacing at the start of this anime is fantastic.  The story is interesting.  I'd give the first half of this anime five stars.  Then things just start to get dumb.  It really should have ended with the showdown between the two main antagonists in the first half of the series.
 Did anyone else find it extremely ironic that a huge picture of Near graces the top of the packaging for the Mello figurine? It's easily 3 times as large as poor Mello. Given the relationship between Near and Mello in the series, I can only assume that the manufacturers were feeling particularly sadistic that day.  Perhaps, in the spirit of things, we should have Light's giant face featured on the packaging for L's figurine.
 DEATHNOTE WAS GREAT UNTIL L DIED. THE SERIES SHOULD HAVE ENDED WITH LIGHT WINNING. AT LEAST THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THAT THE CRAP DUO THAT IS MELLOW AND NEAR.
 This movie is okay. Its low budget, but the story line is great! I would rent it first before I buy it. Its based on a true story!
 This item was delivered on time and in excellent condition. The actress who played Carmen was exciting and dangerous - just like the "carmen character is supposed to be. I think she was the most interseting character in the movie.
 For me, the thing that makes a documentary enjoyable is a.) Is the information new and engaging? and b.) Is it presented in a coherent and even-flowing fashion? On the first point, THE LOST BOYS OF SUDAN delivers. We get to hear about the little known religious war in Sudan that killed (and continues to kill) millions of people. Most of those that were murdered (let's call it what it is) were adults. And left behind are their children who flee to refugee camps. Tens of thousands of children made it to these tent cities where they've grown up or died. But a few of them are lucky enough to get access to America, and fly into Houston to become U.S. citizens. This documentary follows the lives of two of THE LOST BOYS and we get to see how leaving their native lands affects them, and how American culture clashes but ultimately enfolds them. Great information.  On point "b", though, the film gets a serious thumbs down. The editing was terrible, a patchwork quilt of events rather than a concise look at these boys' lives. The information was just too broad. They show us their struggle with grades, language, driving, sports, living together, paying rent, jobs, trying to find girlfriends, etc., etc., etc. I would've liked to have seen them focus on a select few items and get us into the microcosm of these issues. For instance, I would've enjoyed learning more about their struggles to get into schools while working at the same time. But all we get is one basic phone call that one of the boy's makes where he talks to family about this issue ...and that's it. We don't hear anymore about it. There were other instances in the film where similar things occurred, too (subjects brought up and then suddenly dropped.)  But even with these problems, the documentary is interesting and informative.  For truly excellent documentaries, though, try DARK DAYS or BORN INTO BROTHELS.
 This film provides a great informational tool about the struggles and opportunities of refugees trying to make it on their own in a new place. As a history teacher, I am excited to show this to my class to demonstrate assimilation and acculturization. My one problem, and this is a big problem, is that a great deal of the subtitles go way off of the TV. This made seeing what they were saying difficult. I couldn't even see the information at the end. I have a pretty big TV, so I'm sure that this might be a persistent problem. Also, the deleted scenes have no subtitles. But all in all, this is a great glimpse of their lives. The most eye-opening is the tension between African Americans and the Africans. Ironically, the boys from Africa got along better with their white friends than the African Americans. Also interesting is the "help the church tried to give. They keep delivering all of this furniture to the boys' tiny apartment, yet the lady from the church (who looks just like actress Shelly Long) virtually ignores their pleas for help in finding jobs and educational opportunities. She walks away from them and says "They're angry The selection of programs didn't fit the title.  Only three of the programs involved Christmas and a couple weren't worth the time to watch. On the good side, the product was received in excellent condition and played without difficulty.
 Though it lagged in some episodes, Smallville in its whole is representative of nearly 80 years of testament to the human spirit. Equality, government, immigration, sharing of knowledge and technology - you name it, it has graced Superman-based anything through the character's life. Smallville was to be the story that was never told - what happened to change Clark Kent to the Man of Steel.  Despite episodic lag, Smallville grew into a heavy head of steam during seasons eight and nine. And we knew what it was leading up to
 Let me start off by saying when for the first four seasons, Smallville was my favorite show. It was still in my top five until season 8. And to my surprise, I still liked it after Lex left. But by season 9, it had run out of steam... and they just kept right on going. And that gets my goat a little. Most of this season seems like filler for the finale. I watched this season to see Clark become Superman. But that last episode is mostly Lois and Clark deciding if they are going to get married or not. Like some cheesy romance show. It's like they forgot who the original audience for the show was - largely young males. Then, to top it off, you don't even really get a good look at Welling as Superman. I personally felt robbed. I think the original integrity of the show was sacrificed in this so-so season.  On the plus side, though, It looks and sound great. The 1080p transfer looks better than a lot of TV shows I've seen on Blu Ray.  Welling and the other producers just should have known when to quit.
 There were some problems in the wrapping up of the series, but still this season was better than whole Doomsday arc they had prior.  I have a few complaints though.  I'll be a bit vague to prevent spoiling anything.  1) I have no idea what the heck was going on with Alison Mack.  They kept putting her in and taking her out of the credits which would be fine if they did that with all involved, but seems to be short changing her by not having her properly there every time.  2) Kristin Kreuk only appear via flash back.  3) The solutions for Lex Luthor and Jimmy Olsen are lame.  4) The mirror box arc was mostly good, but some of the Dark Seid solutions, not so much.  I'd say that overall it was good enough, but I felt there was enough missing to make it not as satisfying as I hoped.
 My favorite episodes of Smallville were when they introduced other superhero characters.  So I LOVED the beginning part of this season where they had a bunch of different superheroes.  But at the end?  Clark adopts "superboy and when Clark disappears for 3 weeks, no mention of Superboy.  The same with the Wedding (that did not happen).  No superheros show up to see their best friend get married?  Come on?  What a let down.  As for budgeting, the budgeting constraints were very obvious in the 2nd half of this season.  Very low budget.  If you watched this show all of the way through, you are going to buy the tenth season no matter what.  For me, from what was being said at the beginning of the season, and the quality of the first half of the tenth season, I was disappointed in the second half of the tenth season.
 final season was so- so. the best seasons was 1-7, than after that was so-so, and smallville didn't go out on a high note
 Let me start off by saying that I have been a DIEHARD Smallville fan since its inception in 2001. Although I have thoroughly enjoyed each season, season 10 is definitely the weakest of the series.  One of the problems of this season is that they take DC's greatest villain Darkseid and reduce him to a "smokey afterthought. Smallville has always done a great job of integrating villains from the comics and putting their own little twist on it to fit a CW budget but Darkseid fails to make the cut considerably. Lex Luthor, Brainiac, Zod, and even Doomsday have all been transfered from the comic book pages onto the TV screen with great results but Darkseid literary makes an appearance for like 10 seconds in a total of 22 episodes. There is so much untapped potential with the Darkseid character which ultimately makes this season disappointing. Another disappointing element to this season is the sub plot of Oliver Queen revealing his identity to the world. This contributes nothing to the overall plot arch and what makes it worse is that it was directly ripped off from the movie Iron Man. The introduction of Cat Grant leading the opposition against the superheroes is pointless as well. Her character is annoying, irritating, and contributes little to the season. They should have used the hot Cat Grant from season 8 and perhaps introduce an interesting little love triangle when Lois Lane leaves for Egypt. Like I said, most of this season has so much untapped potential. Another disappointing element of the season is the return of Chloe. Chloe is one of Smallville's most popular characters and her return is shoddy at best. The episode "Collateral which introduces her return and is a rip-off of the Matrix is perhaps one of the worst episodes of the series. Other elements of the season such as the Vigilante Registration Act, The Suicide Squad, and the government's involvement of superheroes is shoddy, contrived, cheesy and unsubstantial at best. The episode Fortune which blatantly imitates the Hangover movies all but exemplifies the problem of this season in that it borrows from all sorts of popular movies and in the process loses its identity as a great Superman show. Also, Clark Kent decides to shed the Black trenchcoat and wear a Michael Jackson inspired "Thriller jacket to reflect his growing optimism and hope necessary to become the Man of Steel. Unfortunately the new costume is very very cheesy. He would have probably been better off he kept the Black Trenchcoat untill he becomes the Man of Steel.   Despite the disappointing nature of season 10, The series finale blew me away. I have to say the Series Finale is the best series Finale of any television show EVER! They did a perfect job of wrapping up 10 seasons of great memories while leading the groundwork for his role as Superman. I was absolutely shocked at the quality of the final episode especially since the rest of the season was mediocre. Other highlights include the season premiere as well as the 200th episode "Homecoming which are some of the top episodes in the series. Overall, If you watched all of the other seasons and enjoyed them I strongly recommend you pick up the Final season to see how it all ends. The package is a mixed bag but the resounding conclusion will more than make up for it!
 It shipped fast but product was cheap looking. The box never closed properly. Probably won't buy from this place again.
 After hating season 9, I was hoping 10 would make up for it.  It didn't.  It was ok, but not enough to make up for the rest.  Wishing now I had never bought ANY of the seasons.
 Without including spoilers, I would like to say that this was a great series in the Superman mythology.  I really appreciated the time taken to research the history of the story and come  up with compelling, updated story lines. This season, the writing staff seemed to know where they wanted to go, a wedding between Clark and Lois. As a viewer, this was pathetic.  It had been done before at least 3 times in the series and this particular wedding was the most boring of them all.  The final episode was VERY self-indulgent through a boring montage of past episodes and didn't address some of the most interesting plot-lines. What happened to LANA?!?! This box set is actually pretty good, however.  The season in entirety is very well done. I'm not sad I watched it because I have enjoyed the series so much.  I'm just left with a disappointed taste in my mouth from the conclusion episode.
 This movie is okay. Its low budget, but the story line is great! I would rent it first before I buy it. Its based on a true story!
 I'm raising my twin grandsons who will soon be three and we own just about every "Thomas The Train DVD out. I had been waiting for several months for the release of "Misty Island Rescue, with full understanding that, unlike the old offerings, this would be 100% animation. The actual DVD is of decent quality, however, the storyline is as strange as it can get. THIS IS A RATHER DARK FEELING DVD,(not quite Tim Burton, but headed in that direction). By that I mean it lacks the warmth I generally associate with Thomas stories throughout the years. Aside from several familiar characters, it doesn't even feel like it's taking place in Sodor. (A real twist, when you discover that Misty Island and Sodor are actually, but confusingly connected.)  If I had to come up with one word to describe this particular Thomas The Train DVD, it would have to be "WEIRD!!! This is confirmed by Twins who don't want to view it again. Mind you, they always watch every one of the other DVD's again and again and again. Sorry to say, they clearly don't care for this offering.  I rated this a "3 out of 5, only because the over animation is good. It certainly wasn't what I thought it would be.
 This is not a bad story, but it drags.  It could easily fit into half an hour and be more enjoyable.  There are some nice moments of friendship and good values, my son really likes Cranky the Crane and Whiff, and I do like the new animation and the way the characters do more of their own dialog than the old style-- it develops the characters well.  However, there were too many repetitions of Thomas's "I make good decisions mantra, too long spent dithering around on Misty Island with creepy/kooky Bash and Dash, and too many truly suspenseful/dangerous situations, which all combined to make my 2yo son simultaneously anxious and bored.  Not what I hope for when I pop in a Thomas movie!  Perhaps for an older child it would be more engaging, and we'll stick to the shorter classic episodes until he's ready for longer movies.  I'm glad I tried the Amazon video on demand version before buying it, that's a great way to preview without the expense and cutter of owning yet another movie that won't get watched.
 My 3 year old fell in love with Thomas after watching some of the television episodes.  We soon discovered a big difference in the older (filmed model) episodes and the animated episodes
 I don't know how to explain it, but my children LOVE this movie.  Maybe it's that Thomas is so obviously steaming in the wrong direction, making mistakes and being prideful, but it works on a level that gets through to kids.  My son got the movie and wooden Bash, Dash, and Ferdinand as a birthday present.  The whole family has watched it.  Torture for adults to watch, but the little ones LOVE it.
 In the first 10 minutes or so, there is a scary scene where Diesel is about to fall into the water because the track is broken. My 3-year old screamed for me to turn it off, which I finally talked him into seeing the rest by assuring him that Thomas would save the day (which he did). Anyway, this is a pretty long and scary scene for the 2-3 year olds, so be aware and set expectations early.  I could not agree more with the previous reviewer that the new characters are quite annoying ("That's right"). They don't add much to the story other than proving that Thomas isn't always right (they run on oil, which Thomas isn't familiar with).  I actually bought this movie because 1) my son loves Thomas 2) it was advertised on YouTube 3) the song is catchy and enjoyable, but it isn't played until the credits roll at the end.  I do love that they have taken the old Thomas TV shows and made the trains' faces and the people animated now. This movie does include this upgraded feature, which is a plus.  However, my 3-year old has not wanted to watch the movie again, which is disappointing since I paid to own the DVD instead of just renting it for 1 viewing.
 This DVD is ok. I agree with the other shoppers that Hero of the Rails was much better. The only thing that I liked about this one is that its a full lenght movie, better for car long rides that the shorter episodes DVDs.
 This installment of the new Thomas CGI character versions was just OK. Its the storyline and writing that's not great, like they really rushed the script through to capitalize on Hero of the Rails and get extra product out in time for Xmas. Its clear that HIT entertainment is fully and completely out for the buck like Disney, exploiting whatever life is left in this franchise.  That's the adult view.  The kids view? My son still loves it and its taken over the #1 spot on the blu ray player. Its all about the characters for him.
 Finally - the long awaited completion to the Ryo Ohki OVA collection is available! GREAT! Now I get to watch it from beginning to end as it was intended.  ...or so I thought...  First off, the different voices for Lady Tokimi, Tenchi, Ryoko, Nobuyuki, and Mihoshi really throws off the enjoyment of the story after watching it back to back with the original 13 OVA episodes. If I had spaced it out, it might not be as jarring. But, there it is. And to be honest, only Ryoko's and Tokimi's voice actress' had changed. The others are just out of practice I guess... And after a while, they seem to find their spot again.  I just can't get over Mihoshi now sounding like Sugar (from Snow Fairy Sugar) instead of Mihoshi. She falls back into Mihoshi better as the series progresses, but tends to go back and forth. The voices of the guardians, Washu, Sasami, and Ayeka, were of course, spot on.  The first 30 minutes is mostly recaps from the first 13 episodes. Almost no new material here worth speaking of, other than the introduction of a couple of new characters.  Also starting about 30 minutes in the DD 5.1 audio track contains dirty audio causing the LFE to oscillate. This is mostly noticeable in the quieter dialogue scenes. Speaking of audio - at least on the 5.1 track, I can't say on the others, some of the voices echo for no reason as if the recording studio wasn't properly deadened, or the mix wasn't done properly. This happens more on the surround channels than the front field channels.  Disk 2 doesn't seem to have these audio problems. In fact, regarding disk 2, the only complaints I have are that the story line reminded me a lot of Evangellion Death and Rebirth. Without giving away any spoilers, I wont say more. 
 My 2 year old and I first sited the Wiggles on You Tube!  I immediately went online to buy DVD's with our favorite songs.  After reviewing several we found this one sub-par.  My DD just is not interested in the "live performance ones.  The Wiggles are sometimes far away and employed in the performances (fun in person I'm sure) are little fun skit things as they do on their regular TV show (like let's find Jeff, etc) whereas my DD only had the patience to watch the singing.  If you LOVE Wiggles check out POP GO THE WIGGLES and Wiggles Nursery Rhymes.  Both of those are song after song in a studio.  They are newer releases and really keep the kids entertained.
 A good-hearted Punjabi simpleton (played by Akshay Kumar), who's a fish out of water in a Western country, falls in love with a Westernized Indian girl (Katrina Kaif) and helps her prepare for her wedding to the wrong guy while hoping she'll realize he's Mr. Right. Sound familiar? Re-treading the same story from Namastey London (2007), with the same lead actors, is almost as much fun as the first go-around, but while Kaif sparkled before, her character this time is flat and underdeveloped. Nonetheless, this action comedy delivers plenty of thrills and laughs, and Kumar--the hardest working man in Bollywood--displays an energy that's borderline manic. His character's stupidity makes him fearless and his frankness endearing, even to criminals, and he bumbles his way into heading a Punjabi mob in Australia--and his touching modesty and selflessness redefine what "king means. American rapper Snoop Dogg has a cameo in the film performing the title song, marking the first time a mainstream U.S. artist has performed on a Bollywood soundtrack. - The Bollywood Ticket
 Cut to the chase, this movie doesn't know whether it wants to be 'Stand By Me', ET, or Aliens. Rented the blu ray last night.  Bottom line for me, it that it lacks the soul of Stand by Me or the sheer terror of Aliens.  No real explanation for the magnetic powers of the alien stuck on this planet.  The ending is brought to its denouement in the final 2 minutes, the first of which is that all humans, the kids, are not bad,  the second is the military gives up and bye bye alien.  I give it a 5 out of 10. However, both the video and audio were excellent with critical detail found in the black and shadows and reasonable use of surrounds.  The well trailered train wreck was just great.  While it is the quality of the disc I am most interested in before purchasing, I buy only decent storylines and what I consider good movies and I was terribly disappointed in this one as were the 3 others watching with me. Hopefully, this review has been of help and, if so, please check the 'Helpful' button so I know I am on the correct path with my reviews for you. Thanks. steve
 Not bad.  A zombie movie wrapped in an alien movie.  The plot line was a little corny at times and the subplot was kind of predictable, but in all, it was pretty well done.
 A vastly overrated outing from both overrated director J.J. Abrams and has-been Steven Spielberg, this film has gotten about 95% of its success on those two names alone. Therefore, for the sake of a non-bias review for yourself, simply forget (as hard as it may be for the average American), FORGET that this movie has any connection whatsoever with J.J. and Ol' Steve. Take the film for its own right, and you'll see that this is perhaps the most overrated film of 2011. If you remember the teaser trailers leading up to its release, you'd say they were vastly vague, and revealed almost nothing except for creepy music and a lot of darkness. There is a reason for this, it was an attempt to create a buzz for this film because the filmmakers knew they had nothing to really work with. Any other type of trailer would've simply revealed every details about the movie in a matter of 2 minutes. Because, honestly, that's all the time you need to reveal every plot device this film actually offers.  The film stars a group of no-name teenage actors who are growing up in the late 1970's, they all are in the middle of creating a low-budget zombie film when a train station scene changes their lives (at least for a few days), when they witness and come head on with a giant train crash, holding an alien that the military is trying to keep under wraps. The teens escape with this knowledge and are then pursued by said military... the film basically delves into a continuous desperate attempt to try and create characters who we really never end up truly caring about, and a plot that drones on, stretching for suspense but never achieving any of it. Later on after a semi-climactic (not really) final scene, the aliens escape and we really never get to know what happens to all the kids as the movie just ends.  The biggest problem with this film is that J.J. and Spielberg try to take various elements that would equate to a heart-warming movie - middle schoolers, puppy love, a simpler time and generation (1979), quiet mid-western town, etc - and try to toss in a strange antagonist (aliens) to mix things up, but never actually using any of these attributes to do anything worthwhile. What Spielberg and J.J. seem to forget is that these elements alone will not create an enjoyable film, you need a good script to do that, not to also mention better actors. In other words, while it was cute to get no-name teenage actors to feel more realistic instead of hiring Lindsay Lohan and the cast of High School Musical, they don't put on performances that really break any ground. They play their parts well enough, but never hold any chemistry or magic, many times when even given the opportunity simply act as wooden slabs, displaying forced puppy love crushes and social tension. It just never works, it's hardly ever believable. Sure they're cute and the "pretty girl definitely can pull of the "mystery girl with a heart-melting smile well, these things are all ruined by forced monologues of things that are never touched upon in any way during the film except for the part when the kids are just TELLING us. An example being one drawn out monologue with said pretty girl going on about some memory of her childhood while watching a film in a dark room with the kid who's going ga-ga over her... her forced tears don't fool anyone, I don't care what Spielberg says in the featurettes, it's boring and useless, does nothing to enhance her character or do we see any of these elements of what she's actually TALKING ABOUT during her monologue as all these kids (except for the main protagonist boy) don't even seem to have any parents! To put it another way, don't have a character talk about things in her life she does or does not like, have her cry over it, stretch to make it dramatic (even though it isn't because her character isn't built up well enough prior for us to care), and then NOT have these things she's talking about be seen in any way whatsoever throughout the movie. Another minus being the military/airforce/whatever who is trying to keep the Area 51 alien under wraps. Of course they fail, but even though the aliens themselves are supposed to be the the villains, so are the military. The issue here is that the aliens do not make themselves well known enough for us to be scared of them, dislike them, or desire to see them die for being the villains - they just aren't written in the film well enough at all except for just a few scenes of "rarr! be scared! I'm the alien! The bad guy in the movie! rarrr!! Sorry, but that just isn't enough. Moreover, the military/airforce guys are too nice. They don't do anything that makes us dislike them or see any reason whatsoever why we should even be rooting for these obnoxious kids. Hence, we don't. So there really don't feel to be any "bad guys in the film. To just make one last point, the time era the film takes place in also is near unbelievable. Sure it's 1979, and things aren't THAT much different than they are now, given a suburb, but the point just isn't made well enough, and I can't tell whether it's because of bad props or just not enough atmosphere helping me to really believe this really is 1979. A film like "Born on the Fourth of July with Tom Cruise from the late 80s made the 60's FEEL like the 60's, as does the recent hit "The Help, as well as "Forest Gump. These films highlight their time era, thus making it more believable, and in a way making the characters more genuine and likable. What only adds to this problem is the way the kids in the movie speak. They don't SPEAK like kids who grew up in the 1970s, or act correctly in terms of body language; rather, they speak way too modern, all carry a sort of sarcastic and tongue-in-cheek attitude you'd expect from a kid growing up in the 2000's. Obviously Abrams is too young to even know how children acted in the 70s. Perhaps Spielberg could've written or directed a bit of this film, at least he has some experience during this time as it was when he created some of his most classic films. Spielberg and Abrams like to boast about how this film is done to pay "homage to old sci-fi thrillers of the past. Besides E.T., I honestly don't think anyone really cares. I mean, who has even seen these old 50's movies besides die-hard movie buffs themselves who are forking over about 1% of all this film's earnings? You want to pay homage? Fine. But at the very least make a GOOD movie with a GOOD script. Anyway, aside from the lack of characterization, the plot goes nowhere as the military scenes involving the guys trying to cover the whole thing up are never interesting, and there are never any plot twists among any of the characters, but things just play out exactly as you'd expect them to throughout the movie. The ending just, well, ends. I actually remember fighting to not fall asleep during the the last half hour of the film.  One reviewer states that this feels more like a big-budget Disney film, which is very true. This movie seems to want to impress adults by incorporating "childhood charm, but does none of it, especially not with that dumb alien storyline always getting in the way. This movie simply feels like a big-budget film that could've just been premiered on Disney XD. This one may have been intended for all ages, but adults simply won't feel any charm whatsoever, and neither will teenagers, although they may enjoy seeing peers their age argue, sometimes. Maybe, but I'm just chancing it.  Spielberg has not made a decent film in years. Minority Report, though containing a great story and special effects, lacked good direction. There weren't very many thrilling scenes throughout it. Although it still worked mostly because it contained a good story. J.J. Abrams has got to be the most overrated director alive today, and only seems to do well simply because American audiences fall so easily for big-budget films with very little substance. While Star Trek made a good film, it did contain a good number of flaws, namely, a lame and boring enemy.... which is the same we get in Super 8. J.J. also can get a good word in by legendary directors, thus people simply fork up the money and say they enjoyed the film because they can't see past a special effects show with substandard characterization and a predictable script.  While Super 8 wasn't terrible, it was definitely overrated, and just comes off as your average run-of-the-mill alien flick starring some kids who you won't ever remember again. The campaign for this film did lots to draw people in, considering all the mysterious teaser trailers that made this film almost feel like the most mysterious and epic alien-lands-on-earth film ever. It would be nice to actually, then, you know, make the aliens have some REAL interaction. I'd say rent, don't buy.  Technical Stuff
 Engaging when focusing on the kids and their growth and understanding with the complexities of the adult world. Less so when it was an action movie (most of the last half).  Not just nostalgic for a way of life, but for a kind of filmmaking, one that put story over spectacle. Which is ironic, since it's the spectacle that prevents Super 8 from being a classic.
 I haven't been particularly wound up in the films of Spielberg.  "Jaws was fantastic.  He often repeats himself a bit too closely and when another director follows his lead, the results could be disastrous.  This film wasn't as bad as some people have been led to think.  They're married to the style and overly involved in a type of movie that by now leads to repetition and cliche.  For those of us not buried in this genre, the film has its good points. The kids played their parts quite well, for the main part.  The girl was outstanding. The last shots near the end of the film made the kids look ten years older and that didn't work out at all.  The music was strictly by the numbers but it's exhilirating to hear a full orchestra.  There were no real themes or development.  I personally stopped caring about the monster somewhere midway in the film. The situation and the drama are aimed directly at the audience, as if, somehow, somebody had rated each scene according to saleability and then strung them together. The tricks have been done before in other films but then again so have the Sherlock Holmes films or the Thin Man series, or Star Trek...The list is enormous.  There's nothing inherently bad in repeating success.  Hollywood has been doing it for over a hundred years.  When the repetition is ham-fisted, though, it does become quite annoying and this was ham-fisted all right.  However the film does fly by, there are no "dead moments until the saccharine ending which aims at the heartstrings but reaches the bile of the viewer instead.  Anyone could have organized a more efficient ending. I did enjoy most of the film, though, and the production values helped it out in a big way.  Curtis Stotlar
 We have all seen this movie before and Goonies did it better. This movie was a yawner to me because I felt as if I had already seen it before many of times. The formula is just too familiar. What made it so funny while watching the movie in the theater for the first time, I imagined one of the kids calling one of the older characters "Old Man blah blah blah. Well about 10 minutes later, one of the kids was referring to the older character as "Old man blah blah blah. They have to stop making this movie.
 I was expecting more out of this film by the minds that created the film, but I was dissappointed. It was missing something and it ended to quick. Although it is a pretty neat sci-fi story thats never been done.
 This is a better than average timewaster. The train wreck scene is very intense, nicely done.The kid acting was good, reminded me of the Little Rascal movies. Not a great movie, maybe worth the $4 SD or $5 HD viewing fee.
 Well, this movie was OK, there were lots of flaws to this one.  First off, there is this new trend in movie-making to have this atrocious bigger-than-life sound to it and as a result the volume is either too loud or too low, this movie fails because of this flaw, the sound is just awful, noisy, busy, and tiresome.  Next, the lighting was also just plain awful, very dark to the point of distraction, you will wind up just wanting it to be over already.  Another annoying thing that Mr. Abrams tried, and failed at, was trying to create realistic dialog with the character talking over each other and lots busy stuff going on in every single tiresome scene and it just fails. I think that this is because the film had so little ground to cover in what seemed like a very long time...yawn...  What was good about this movie were the kids, I mean, the movie that they made in the film, it was pretty good...  My suggestion? Don't expect a Spielberg experience from this movie...
 I didn't know much about Super 8 going in - other than it was directed by JJ Abrams. It was a fun film, and there were great performances by the child actors. Def. worth a watch.
 I must be getting too old to watch Steven Speilburg. Maybe he is no longer the filmmaker he once was. I enjoyed this movie, and I was rooting for it, but in the end it was just a light snack, not a great meal. The actors were very good, even the youngest ones, the filming was very skillful, but I didn't get caught up in the story like I did once upon a time, when Speilburg and I were in our prime. There wasn't any magic. I don't mean a story about magic, I mean the magic in the story that makes you believe that it is real, makes you one with the actors, makes you forget that you have a life waiting for you when the story ends.  I began to tire at the first big scene, when the train accident happened. It was too fantastical, wildly unrealistic. The rest of the story felt contrived. I can recommend this for an evening's entertainment. I just can't get excited about it. And that leaves me a little bit sad.
 It's Spielberg, therefore we can expect ... - Aliens (good. misunderstood) - Children (wise, funny) - Suspense (masterful, intriguing) - Military (bad, always bad)  I liked the first 2/3 of the movie better than the last 1/3.  A bit corny at the end, IMHO. Also, the CGI train crash was not very realistic -- too cartoonish!  Spielberg purposely introduced a lot of blue glare lines and occasional spots & smudges on the lens (not the Super-8, but the big film cameras). I'm sure it was done as an after-effect to give the audience a sense of what filming was like during the Super-8 days, but frankly it was annoying!  If it showed up only on the brief Super-8 footage, it would have made more sense, but not on the high definition quality cameras used for most of the movie.  Enough with the blue lines across the screen already!!  Perhaps this is explained in the special features, but I hadn't gotten to those yet.
 If I was 8 or ten maybe this would be better. I feel a movie filmed mostly in the dark is done so they save money. Much of the time one does not know what is going on and can barely see the alien in any of the shots. How this is so highly rated is beyond me. Do American audiences expect so little? At least it did not have the usual bathroom humor or scenes of urination. I think this movie was weak if one compares it to other Spielberg films. He has rather insulted his abilities with this film. Compare it to E.T. or Stand By Me. I heard so much hype about this movie I really looked forward to watching. Now I am just disappointed. Glad I didn't spend a ticket price at the theatre. Definitely not a the producers best. I rented it from Amazon for only $1.99 which is all it is worth. Sorry folks. They should try again. Mr. Spielberg, you are worthy of so much more. Even the special effects are just copies of other recent movies that rely on cars and trucks flying through the air and/or blowing up. Really dumb...suspence....only about when was it going to end.
 This is a reasonably entertaining film.  Its strong point is the acting of the young actors.  Many times actors under the age of around 15 simply cannot act; they mouth their lines pertly enough, but at the end of the day they are not convincing as characters.  These young actors can actually act, and seem like real people caught up in a real situation.  The plot kind of meanders along with the trademark Spielberg plot of an extraterrestrial situation that the bad US Government agents are trying to ruthlessly cover up.  We've seen it before.  I kept waiting for the kids to ride their bikes into the sky.  And that spaceship, I think I saw it somewhere before in a Richard Dreyfus film.  The sub-plot of the fathers who are dealing with grief, albeit unsuccessfully, in different ways is carried off well, and some viewers will find this more interesting than the countless crashes, smash ups, etc. that relentlessly punctuate this film.  An enjoyable family film.  RJB.
 This film is an obvious homage to the early films of Steven Spielberg, with JJ Abrams particular take
 I would have given this movie 5 stars if it hadn't been so dark in parts that I couldn't see what was happening.  The story and the characters are good, and I liked seeing Elle Fanning in it.  I had a hard time following the story line in some parts, and it's not very clear to me why the creature had to destroy the town and so many people. I know it just wanted to go home, but the destruction didn't make a lot of sense.  Maybe if I see it again, I'll pick up more.  It is interesting and it makes you want to find out what happens to the kids, but when they are in the cave (or whatever that place is) it get confusing, which is something of a disappointment.  But I will watch it again and see if I can "get it.  The actors are all good in their respective roles, but the plot is just sort of.. meh.  Oh yea, and I liked Kyle Chandler in this, too. It was nice to see him again.  Joel Courtney in the lead was really engaging, too.  I would say that the actors deserve 5 stars, if only it weren't for the confusing plot.
 Very simple predictable plot, well acted but that's about it. If you like Spielberg's work you will probably enjoy this one. But I wish I hadn't wasted two hours on this one.
 Great combo of danger, shoot 'em up, explosion and... heart. Perfect Abrams/Speilburg combo. The playback was rough toward the end.
 This movie makes you think especially if you like continuity problems.  I expected perfection from Abrams and Spielberg.  You can sit back, like in Mystery Science Theater 3000, and criticize for a couple of hours with little rest.  If these numerous minor problems are overlooked it is enjoyable.  Be forewarned, the audio is very low but the action scenes are extremely loud so be prepared.
 The review from Amazon.com was spot on. The movie tries to hard to seem like it was filmed in 1979, put a filter over the camera lens for goodness sake enough with the glare. The kids in the film do a good job of acting however the generic "fat kid gets annoying after a while. The story is pretty basic, alien escapes train wreck and tries to leave earth. Don't expect to see much of the alien creature, i would say 5 minutes of screen time tops, but the overall special effects are great and are done by Spielberg buddy ILM. If you want to watch a movie that makes you think of late 70's early 80's sci-fi then this is the movie for you.
 Amazon will not give us half stars to use yet this should be a 3.5 star movie for me, not a 3 but not a 4 either.  ET was a magical moment in movie making from Spielberg.  Before that he made CLOSE ENCOUNTERS.  Both films are five star classics.  This is his production but made by a younger director whom he picked. It is not that this movie is bad, it is that it made me sad that there will probably be no more groundbreaking five star films from him in this genre. This film has the family life of both films.  It has got the alien but he is not much onscreen. It has the ship, straight out of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. The visuals at the ending are almost verbatim from CLOSE ENCOUNTERS. Basically it is a movie about a group of youngsters making a super eight film in 1979 about zombies, who have a close encounter with an alien.  This happens when they  witness a colossal train wreck.  The train wreck is really impressive. I was actually quite taken with the original premise, of the kids making the zombie picture in super 8.  That could have been a much fresher, more original film had the alien aspect of the story not taken over from the train wreck forward.  I think it could have been a classic like Rob Reiner's STAND BY ME if they had stuck with the kids and their movie adventures.  I hadn't seen Elle Fanning recently.  She is the girl teenager and she is every bit as gorgeous as a teenager as she was as a kid.
 good teen movie and even for 12 year olds . older adult may enjoy it to . its a monster found by the usa government who escapes  specil effects are good actors are good and will the story kinda lacking but worth seeing or buying
 I thought this movie started out great, but then got a little cartoonish. I liked it and at the same time wish it was a better story.
 Children will probably like this movie a lot more then most adults. Also I agree with other reviewers that a number of scenes are so dark that you can't see what the actors are seeing. I could say a lot more, but just as my title to this review states "Worth watching once I would rather spend that time watching a better movie
 Super 8 is mildly entertaining....but like most Spielberg flicks... there is a fair amount of cheese involved and it is rather predictable if you have seen his other movies.
 This movie had great promise. Elle Fanning's performance almost balanced out the formulaic plot. If I'd had stopped watching at the halfway point I would have given it five stars. The second half deserves one. Average score is therefore three stars.
 We never once find out what those weird white cubes are, even though this whole sci-fi film is based on that mystery. The finale goes rather unexplained, as well, when the typical space monster somehow manages to morph a bunch of earthly metal junk into a space ship in a matter of seconds. Say what? Prior to those letdowns, this modern-day Speilberg production features his usual band of cute kids getting into trouble, but avoiding anything really bad happening to them because of their wide-eyed innocence. If you enjoy that formula, you will like this otherwise high quality production. Just don't expect any logic.
 It seemed as though the formula for some great films from my past replaced the film half way through the film leaving me with an empty feeling at the films conclusion.
 All in all a little dissapointed in this movie.  I read plenty of good reviews about it and I picked it up at a local store for 8 bucks.  I felt the story line drug out too long then all of a sudden at the end when it started to get good it was over.  there were a lot of good parts but also a lot of slow, boring parts.  the video and audio on the blu ray were great especially the audio in the train wreck seen.  if you have a good speaker setup with a sub it is awesome!  for 8 bucks i'm not too upset i just expected a better flick...
 Imagine watching E.T. for the whole movie and seeing E.T. a couple times. That's Super 8 for you. You wait the whole movie to see this alien and finally toward the end you finally get to see it. By the way, it's overkill in the CGI department when it comes to this particular alien. It puts the alien from the movie Aliens to shame. It was a lot of build up for so very little pay off.  On the other hand, Spielberg doesn't fail in the adventure department. This movie had a bit of a Goonies meets E.T. feel to it. The kid actors did an awesome job. The cinematography was great and the plot was pretty good. I think they just majorly drop the ball when it came time to construct a good alien and execution plan.  Again I went into this movie already loving it, but when the credits went up I felt robbed of a great experience. It had so many great trademarks that made me a Spielberg fan. I gave it a 3 out of 5 stars, but to be honest that's being pretty generous.
 I wanted to like this b/c I like Abrams & Spielberg. The movie was just ok for me, I wouldn't buy it. It's like a modern day E.T.
 My son and I saw this movie when it was in the theatre and we both loved the movie. This blu-ray was my wife and my mother's first chance to see the movie and they loved it too. However these Digital Copy offers are getting ridiculous. We like to buy the Blu-ray & DVD plus Digital Copy sets because I typically have a backup on the desktop and download a copy for itunes for travel. I thought finally had figured out this system with downloading the Windows Media copy first then loading the iTunes copy using the code provided. These Paramount disks are a pain only allowing one copy of the didgital copy to be loaded so I am glad I accidentally loaded the iTunes copy first because I was only given the one download and the Windows Media copy didn't work.
 Expected alot more plot to it. The children actors were amazing for them to act like kids and not scripting it. Truly wasn't what I expected from the trailers and waiting for it to be released after the theaters. Only good acting, kept me from not ending the movie.
 Ah yes, the 70s and 80s days of cutesy Spielberg sensibilities. Basically that's what you get here with J.J. Abrams latest installment. And why not? Steven gave his blessings and executive produced as well. But somehow I think Steven did much more than just produce. The films feels so Stevenish you'd think he held Abrams hand all through the production. You get the usual dose of Spielbergisms with the cute early adolescent kids who act twice as mature and smart as REAL kids of that age.  The film focuses on a group of kids in 1979 making a Super 8 zombie film (obviously inspired not by Steven but George Romero) and then get caught up in a government conspiracy involving a benign but very pissed-off extraterrestrial that the military has held prisoner for over 20 years. The kids witness the train wreck that causes it's escape and their peaceful little Ohio town experiences all sorts of mayhem.  Aside from the typical monster-on-the-loose plot, the film does have some good character developement. The characters, both adults and teens, are well drawn out. Touching on issues such as loss of family members, alienation with parents, a little puberty thrown in and you have all the makings of a warm and fuzzy drama Spielberg style. The only problem is as said before, these kids act just too mature for their age. When I was this age in the 70s, me and everybody else were just plain stupid. And we certainly didn't open ourselves up to each other like they do here.  All in all, the film is entertaining escapism for the summer season. While not a classic measuring up to the likes of Close Encounters of the Third Kind or E.T., I think J.J. can chalk up another winner with this one. After all, he got help from the master of the cutes himself.
 I have read alot about parallels to E.T. and such regarding this movie. I would say those are loose comparisons at best. While there is a scene that is specifically reminiscent of E.T., this movie is quite a bit different. The alien, for one, actually eats people, and is far from the small, cute, and cuddly alien featured in E.T...also, it doesnt really develop relationships with people. It is seeking a way to "go home", as it were, and there is a military quarantine. Anyway, the cast was pretty good, and the interaction between the featured children (of tween age i think) was decent. The premise that they were filming a zombie movie when they end up witnessing a train derail, which ends up freeing the alien, was pretty cool. The local animals fleeing the area (presumably due to the presence of an unnaturally large predator) seemed like something that would actually happen.  Where the movie falls flat to me is...the alien is a massive predator, eating people, and destroying a bunch of stuff, but is also cast as a sympathetic character. They try to rationalize this approach by saying that it learned to hate humans after it was initially captured (Roswell), held prisoner, tortured and tested upon by our military scientists. It is able to communicate telepathically through contact (would that be empathically?). Still, it doesnt seem to care about the humans it captures for food, even though they are just ordinary folks with no ties to the military or their scientists. Yet, when the star tween touches him, he suddenly decides not to eat anybody else, and rather focus on finishing his ship and leaving.  There is no fond farewell, no conversation outside of a single empathic moment between the tween and the alien. It just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is left to pick up the pieces of a shattered town. Presumably, the gov't would later say a hallucinogenic gas was released into the air accidentally by way of a weather balloon causing the locals to see things as they destroyed their own town (at least, i figure that is how this would play out in real life). The movie though...it just kind of ends. The alien leaves and everybody is happy (outside of those people who were killed by the now seemingly misunderstood alien). To me, the movie was basically a big build up where everybody is scared which then shifts suddenly and tries to become a social consciousness type message about kindness and understanding. Didnt really work for me. No real peak...the movie just kind of flatlined. Had i known before watching this that JJ Abrams was the responsible party, i would probably have skipped this one, since i know better than to trust any project he is involved with. Nonetheless, i dont regret watching this movie, but i was far from impressed.
 J.J. Abrams - Director / Writer / Producer presents us with a love story that incidentally is visited now and then by an alien.  Marketed as a sort of kids "Blaire Witch story, the film is a pale reflection of "The Goonies (1985.)  Basically kids making a movie witness a train wreck and possibly something else. We know that they are in trouble as "poof out of nowhere men in uniforms with flashlights appears.  There is a disclaimer in the beginning of the film but there does seem to be a lot of gratuitous potty mouth in the presentation.  Even if the plot was formula and many times formula can be fun, Elle Fanning excelled as a zombie. See her earlier works as Phoebe Lichten in "Phoebe in Wonderland (2008).
 This movie does a good job of building tension, investing you in the characters, and keeping you in the moment, and then it blows it in the last half hour or so. Others have complained about the long, overly dark sequence and I would like to hurl that charge again with some English on it. About ten minutes of squinting at the screen and I no longer cared the slightest bit what was going on, having given up in exasperation. Toward the end of that sequence, the movie segues into its cliched Spielbergian ending. One minute you're watching Alien and the next it's E.T. Ultimately Super 8 was like a punctured tire...it began at high speed and full of pressure, became floppy and hard to steer toward the end, and finally came to a grinding halt, completely deflated.
 I've been watching movies for 60 years, and there's little I haven't seen. For me, an "old movie is a silent film ("Orphans of the Storm").  Movie makers seem to think that, despite the wide availability of decades of films on home video, they can get away with recycling stuff most viewers have seen. This is the case with "Super 8", a rough mash-up of "ET", "CE3K", and "Jurassic Park". Had these films never been made, "Super 8 would come off as agreeably original. But when all the viewer can do is think of how much "Super 8 reminds him of //other// films, something is wrong.  "Super 8"'s worst problem is that it depends too heavily on coincidence and obvious foreshadowing. When one of the young film makers displays a proclivity for lighting small fireworks, you //know// it's going to come in handy later. And why is it that the train //just happens// to pass near the community where the man who tries to stop it resides?  Spoiler follows.  The obvious question of why the Air Force is moving the alien and his paraphernalia is never answered. A plausible explanation is that they're finally going to let him leave. If so, the events of the film are highly ironic. The "bad guys aren't quite so bad, while the "good guy is the person who incites the tragedy. Had "Super 8 included this revelation, I'd probably have given it four stars.  Michael Giacchino's score is a dud. It comes off as watered-down Williams -- which might have been his intent, a subtle slap at the film itself.  In short, "by the numbers movie making. J J Abrams should be ashamed -- and ought to take a refresher course from Robert McKee.  PS
 <a href="http
 Good as advertised.  Arrived promptly and in the specified condition. I was not sure at first but I had previously viewed this movie at some time earlier.
 I loved this movie up until about half way. Me being a movie collector I of course purchased it, but I was a bit disappointed with it still. It had SO MUCH potential! But still worth it to own, great sci fi flick.
 I was thrilled by the trailer for this film with the truck racing head-on to derail the US Air Force freight train and the awesome collision that appears to release some creature within one of its cars.  Alas, that amazing footage is nowhere to be found in the film itself.  The film has such a Spielbergian feel to it, it becomes sport to find which camera shot was from E.T. and which one was from Close Encounters of the Third Kind.  JJ Abrams is likely the most talented filmmaker around (LOST, and reboots of Mission
 This is a good sci-fi movie, about some teenagers making a zombie movie when a huge train accident occurs and these little white cubes get thrown around everywhere.  Next thing you know, the U.S. Air Force is grabbing up everything.  Is there something they want to hide??? (Hint--could be!)  "Do not speak of this, or they will KILL you. . . and your parents!  A Stephen Spielberg production, filmed in West Virginia.  Don't forget to watch the credits at the end for a little extra show.
 So - many people are giving Spiel & Co. the finger over Super 8. Here's my finger back at them, plus support for my gesture
 This is really two movies. One is a rather charming film about a group of young film-makers trying to put together a super 8 movie in the late 1970s. Their interaction with each other and with the fathers of the principal boy and girl are well realised and believable, helped along by some excellent performances (I especially liked Joel Courtney's clever differentiation of his delivery when he is acting and when he is 'acting' in the super 8 movie). In the special features director J.J. Abrams refers to his own experiences as a young film-maker and it's clear to see that he is incorporating more than a little of himself in this part of the movie. Four stars for this section of the film.  The other movie is a sci-fi flick about a derailed train and what escapes from it. The two stories are linked together (though only just) by the escape having been caught by the super 8 camera, left running when the train derailment causes the young movie-makers to scatter. This part of Abrams' movie is a tribute to Steven Spielberg, who also participated as a producer. It's not nearly as successful, both because almost everything is derived from Spielberg's movies of the late 1970s and early 1980s and also because hardly anything is given any explanation. We're left sitting there pointing out techniques from Close Encounters or E.T., but not knowing why they're being used. At the end, we know what happened, but not why- and without the why, the whole story makes no sense. Two stars for this part of the movie.  So four stars plus two stars, divided by the two parts of the movie, equals three stars. But do watch the final credits to see how the super 8 movie turned out.
 "Do not speak of this or else you and your parents will die. When a group of kids set out to film a scene for a movie they want to submit to a contest they witness a train crash. When the man that caused it gives them a warning and people start disappearing they begin to investigate further. This is a difficult movie to review. Much like "Cloverfield the preview gives nothing away, and I don't want to ruin anything or give too much away. I will say though that you can really tell that this is a JJ Abrams movie, and Spielberg's ideas are all over this as well. I would have to say that this is a pretty good mix of "Cloverfield and "Stand By Me with a steadier camera and more tense. The biggest problem with this movie to me is that it was too slow in some parts. Trying to put too much in the movie it takes a lot of repetition and long drawn out exposition scenes which hurt the flow of the movie to me. If they simplified it just a little or had more faith in the viewer it would have been much better then it was. On the other hand this was much much better then I was expecting. Overall, a tense and entertaining thriller that is definitely worth a watch. It was just a few tweaks from being a classic. I give it a B+.  Would I watch again? - I don't think I will.  *Also try - Cloverfield & Skyline
 I just watched the Super 8 movie and found it to be of great interest and entertaining. Without going into specifics, it really is a movie dealing lives of younger teens, an alien, the local town with its population experiencing havoc from the USAF military trying to catch the alien.   An ideal film for children and adults or the entire family.
 JJ Abrams holds school on how to properly "rip off a genre. You just feel the electricity of E.T. running through the kids, the neighborhoods, and right on through to yourself.  Aside from a few seemingly needless and annoying plot holes, this movie works (But JJ, can you please explain to me again how the alien got his ship back together?). Everything else works though, from the cool alien technology (small shift-shaping cubes that that can form into anything), to the seamless effects, to the nothing-short-of-brilliant acting by the child actors. There are a few pure JJ one-liners that you'll miss if you're not paying attention, like "Drugs are bad from the mouth of one of the kids as he abandons hope that the passed out stoner who has been their ride will be of any further help. In the context of the movie this line is hilarious.  Fasten your seat belts with regard to the sprouting acting career of 14 year old Elle Fanning. This young lady was born to the profession. Her moving, and at the same time disturbing performance in 'Phoebe in Wonderland' at age 8 blew my mind. One of my favorite scenes in this film is when Elle turns from a human being into a ghoul in one single shot. At the top of the shot she is simply wearing face paint in a closeup. When prompted, she turns her head down, her eyes up... and without even changing expressions transforms into a scary monster. Chilling. You go Elle!
 This movie is a combination of E.T,Close encounters of the third kind and independence day all tricked out with with modern day effects.Lack substance and is fairly predictable.A one time watcher not a keeper.Better of renting.
 This movie is in a class of its own.  It would be difficult to say if this is coming of age movie, drama science fiction or a zombie movie but it is a mix of all for sure.  Set in  1980s it is a story of five high school buddies determined to make their zombie movie.  Bad things happen along the way
 This movie was a nostolgic, but uninspired mash up of older summer blockbusters like Cloverfield, Stand By Me, and ET. The characters were transparent and under developed, the alien monster completely unfrightening and non-threatening, the plot loosely tied together. When the movie mercifully ended, I was left thinking "Is that it? really?".  I can't award half stars, but I would give it a 2.5.
 If you just like special effects and little else you may enjoy this hodgepodge of a film. I remember Spielberg reminiscing on a TCM special about "Epic Films", how he was influenced as a kid by Cecil B. DeMille's train wreck sequence in the film, "The Greatest Show On Earth". It's redone  here and it's even more spectacular, but it would have benefited greatly if there had been some suspense leading up to it! After that scene, the film deteriorates into every mediocre Sci-Fi film of the Fifties, except with much bigger special effects. The ending is much like "E.T. and "Close Encounters Of The Third Kind", but without any of the charm of those films, or really making much sense! In fact the whole film borrows heavily on the "E.T. theme of the misunderstood, but in this case, brutally tortured alien, just wanting to go home. The ending, despite all of the visual effects, is actually a little cheesy, although we're supposed to feel awe inspired. The whole movie is disjointed and it really pains me to write such a bad review for any film that Spielberg is associated with, but the film leaves the viewer with way too many unanswered questions, and it's really a huge letdown in almost every department! I actually found myself "redirecting and "rewriting this movie in my head as I was watching it, and that's NOT a good sign!
 I thought Dakota Fanning was to be in this movie. Maybe I am thinking of another movie. While it had a lot of action, it was kind of boring to me. I think teens or 24 year olds will like this, I didn't.<a href="http
 I've been a fan of J.J. Abrams since Lost, Cloverfield, and the reboot of Star Trek.  Paired with Steven Spielberg, I was expecting something great, especially when critics were praising this film so highly.  Many people will say it's a cross between The Goonies, ET, and several other childhood films, which I will agree is *mostly* correct.  However, I found that it seems to lose it's tone about halfway through and the overall theme of childhood innocence gets lost.  I will say the acting is fantastic.  With children as lead actors, their roles are cast perfectly.  A little cliched, perhaps, but the band of friends fits well.  Kyle Chandler as the sheriff/father fits his role quite nicely as well.  The premise builds a nice story of a strained father-son relationship after the death of the mother, as well as takes us through the bonds of friendship and the childhood fun of making a home movie.  On a cinematic standpoint, the camerawork and score work well with the film.  Abrams has always gone over the top to drop the audience into a colorfully distinctive world full of emotion and life, and this film is no different.  What I didn't enjoy were certain elements to the alien/monster itself, which caused the story to stray from being about childhood innocence amidst a supernatural crisis to being about children stuck in a violent battle between humans and the alien.  Ignoring the cliched components of a secret military train getting derailed, I had expected this film to veer toward being about an ET-like creature, where ET was misunderstood by scientists but was a caring creature deep down that only a child could understand.  This alien, however, doesn't seem to value human life and showed no restraint in lashing out with unsympathetic violence (aside from a random scientist it decided to bond with early in the film).  Some may argue that this is a more realistic or simply different portrayal, which is better since Abrams most likely didn't want to remake ET.  However, I felt that it took away from the warmness that the film could have offered and made it more gritty as it got to the end.  Aside from that, I'm not a fan of movies where suspending disbelief is overly necessary, but this film absolutely requires it.  From the overly dramatic train wreck scene to the battle where kids are running around unchallenged by the plethora of soldiers, I found myself sighing with disappointment.  That and, despite being called "Super 8", the kids' film really doesn't play as big of a role as I would have thought.  In fact, in the last third, it is virtually nonexistent.  It was a nice attempt to create a unique film and I will not deny that the basic premise, acting, and camerawork are fantastic.  However, I just didn't feel the *magic* that many critics said this film had.
 Super 8 is much better when it delivers a coming of age story/drama, character developement and tearjerker than when it delivers the sci-fi/action & adventure elements to the film. The acting was very impressive in this film from all of the mostly unknown child actors with Elle Fanning in her best role to date next to Phoebe In Wonderland and it's amazing to me that this thirteen year old graces the screen effortlessly like she is a verteran actress, it's uncanny. The story of forgiveness and letting go overpowers most of the action scenes especially the ending which may bring some viewers to tears and the natural bond between the kids reminded me of classic films like Stand By Me and The Goonies with a dash of Signs, Monsters and E.T. and is mostly like those films than being a full blown thrilling and terrifying sci-fi/action flick and to be honest this is just a retro family film than what trailers lead you to believe. There were a couple of plot holes that bothered me like where did all the missing dogs go? How did the monster get there in the first place and are there more? Was is just a mad science experiment gone wrong? Ect. When it actually shows the monster it wasn't scary enough and went the King Kong route and made it have feelings which was a tad cheesy and what I'm trying to say is that it didn't go horror enough with not enough terror and suspense for a monster movie or whatever it was aiming for which I still don't know because it tried to juggle a bunch of genres at once which in the end kind of played against it and became less effective as it moves along. I liked how it was paying tribute to all of the classic movies of it's kind of that decade but mabey a little too much because alll it does is make you rememeber the good old days of the movies that you longed for that it tries so hard to become that it doesn't focus enough on becoming it's own movie which sooner or later will be forgotten.
 Good little monster movie. But instead of a monster movie with kids you get a kid's movie with monsters. Good for a view or two, it keeps you interested to the end. As another reviewer stated...its 75% kids and 25% monster.
 This is truly the love-child of J.J. Abrams and Steven Spielberg.  It is half-Cloverfield, half "The Goonies".  Too bad that between the two of them they couldn't think of anything original to do.  On the upside, lots of noisy things blow up.  It is not bad American cinema; in fact, it's quite good, in the same way that a Big Mac is good American cuisine.
 Super8 is an unabashed mix of some John Carpenter, 80s Spielberg and and the pilot of LOST.  Now each of those things in its own right can be inspired, but somehow all of them together don't move past the feeling this is an extended episode of a cable TV show.  I'm not going to point in too many directions to spoil the film, but J.J. Abrahms pulls the Shyamalan card too and tries to lead us with bread crumbs into something surprising.  There are no surprises.  The movie would have been better served sticking to the core of friends out to make a movie instead of going to the recycle bin.  The friends making a movie part actually rings true from the heart, but it quickly goes down the chase movie route and the bulk is been there done that 30 years ago and then some.  Is that to say the movie is not worth your time?  Heck no.  Super 8 is not surprising, nor original, but the movie is entertaining.  Buy?  Nope.  Rent?  Heck yeah.
 this is what i call SO SO. it took very very long for the action to begin, like maybe one hour, there was action before but then return to the blah blah blah...anyway it was entertaining but SO SO
 This movie was a tiny bit better than I was expected. It's like a watered down Stephen King story. The monster/alien was pretty cool looking. It's big reveal was similar to that of Jaws, they didn't show it until the middle of the movie. In the early 80's, a few friends are making a zombie movie with a Super 8 mm camera. When a train derails, an alien breaks loose and creates havoc on the town. I'd probably recommend SUPER 8!!!
 Super 8(released June/11)gives us the one two punch of Steven Spielberg and Hollywood's flavour of the moment,J.J.Abrams.The hype would certainly lead one to believe this is an instant classic,a truly unforgettable cinematic experience,a movie you will see again and again,et al.Well,if you've been around movies along as I have,the hype becomes just that,alot of words/hot air to inflate something up,that may or may not have a pay day in the end.And the hype today is pretty much the same stuff they've been dishing out since the 20s.Does Super 8 have a long half life?Let's see. The plot gives us a group of kids who love to make movies.Each character has their own raison d'etre,as Spielberg and company make each a stand out in their own right,translation
 Good special effects with a so-so story.  Fair overall.  It's not the usual quality you'd expect for a Spielberg production.
 It won't disappoint. Captures the magic,but could have used better lighting to expose and dwell on the creature longer.  After all it was a high dollar production.
 I really wanted to like SUPER 8, and there are certainly elements to like. But as I sat there with my extended family, including a 6, 7, 10, and 14-year-old, I kept wondering who the audience was. Clearly, it was intended for children, since the mother dies immediately in a horrible crushing accent. (Dead parents are the hallmark of all great kid movies, donchaknow?) And then the jokes about what was in the mother's coffin (seriously), because she was brutally crushed, so there couldn't be a body...well those scenes had my kids in stitches. Then there was the movie-long father-son angst about the mother's brutal death - riveting to say the least - and the pot-smoking hippie who drove the kids around declaring how stoned he was. Plus the language the kids spewed. And the military murdering a teacher and...and...and...  What's good about SUPER 8? The child-actors were fine. They were 100% clich&eacute;, but that doesn't bother me. The movie that they make is funny but lasts, literally, as long as it take the credits to roll. There's a clich&eacute;d but sweet coming of age/first romance story that is respectable. The alien angle was too scary for the younger kids in my group, but the concept of the protagonists catching something important on their little camera is compelling. I really do wish it had been more like the Goonies or Stand By Me, to which SUPER 8 has been widely compared.  When I see Steven Spielberg's name on the marquee of a science fiction movie, I'm really torn. My impulse is to run, but I remember Minority Report and think, maybe... But I also still remember A.I., and my feet start me moving toward the door. For SUPER 8, I saw J.J. Abram's name, too, and I was hopeful. Alas, it was not to be. I have to think there were some mighty internal fights over the direction this movie should take. And in the end, I think the audience was the loser. I would have loved to see more of the small-town charm, more of the kids (quieter and with more believable dialog) and less of the angst and brutal mother-crushing.
 I never became enthralled with this movie, and was disappointed after the hype.  Some of the major players were simply too cliched to be allowed, and I never felt much attachment for the creature.  Better luck next time.
 This was a ok movie with a weird plot. My children and I watched it and we are were a little confused sometimes, but it is worth looking at a second time (maybe).
 Even though this film was written and directed by J.J. Abrahms, the film oozes with Spielberg-ness. The film centers around a group of kids who have much more insight and wisdom than the adults, much like ET. The military branch of the US Government moves in, trying to hide whats really happening, much like Close Encounter of the Third Kind. And there's a large hulking space creature that I guess is not quite as malicious as the creature from Alien but he's tearing up a small town. As you'll see, some of the creature's victims are treated similarly to Alien.  The film involves a group of kids of junior high school age in 1979 shooting their own zombie-horror flick; one of whom has just lost his mother. The director Charles (played very convincingly by the young and talented Riley Griffiths), a sort of 12-year-old throwback to Orson Welles, replete with pipe, is the obsessed and ambition filmmaker doing everything he can to make a great film. He is constantly speaking of "production value". My guess is his character may have been somewhat based on the young Steven Spielberg who pressed his friends into little film projects shot with his super-8 camera back in the 1950's. The two other characters which emerge as the main focus are Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning) two people thrust together because of their involvement with the film project who become somewhat intimate in a way that only 12-year-old's can. A supporting character of note has to be Cary, played by Ryan Lee, who carries around fire crackers just to make the older folk cringe.  The group is shooting a scene at a train station with the boy main character and the only girl in the movie. Their production literally becomes derailed by a train wreck which obliterates everything in sight, not to mention the station, although the super-8 camera which continued to film was surprisingly untouched! Of course, this is not just a train derailment
 We thought the acting was good.  The special effects especially during the train crash were enough to make you sit up straight in your seat. After the train crash, the movie got more and more incredible.  With the writer producer team of JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg we really expected a movie in the ET class - it was NOT.  The thing that bothered me most is that depicting the US military as the villain is a movie ploy that is shabby and has gotten threadbare with repeated use.  We just expected better.
 Lot's of hype on this movie but it just doesn't deliver. It's not a bad movie, it's just not a great movie, either. Why the plot would go shades of "It at the ending is beyond me. It didn't work for "It and it doesn't work here. This film tries SO HARD to engender that sense of wonderment we felt in Close Encounters and ET and just never quite makes it. I saw it on opening day, D-Box, I was excited and then, leaving the theater, not so much. There are some movies I can watch over and over again. This will not be one of them.
 Just finished watching Super 8. There was a really slow buildup to the action part of the movie. The train wreck was really good and the special effects were amazing. My big problem was with the kids. I am sure they will grow up and be really great actors. They were written really bad parts for this movie. Why was there so much cussing and bad language by the kids. If you want a family movie be aware that the kids have bad language, are rude and nasty to each other,sneak out of home after midnight, and(while underage) steal cars and drive them. The kids came of annoying and in desperate need of discipline. I hate to sound that way but these kids were behaving in bad ways. They are being a bad example to other kids. Kids today are out of control and movies like this show them that it is ok to act this way. While some adults may just laugh at the way these kids acted in this movie, kids today need to be taught proper ways to behave. I was horrified at how these kids were talking to each other and acting out in public. This would have been easier to take if the actors had been in their late teens, but these kids were around 12 years old. In the late 1970's parents would not have allowed their kids to talk this way to other people and to the parents. Trust me I grew up in a small town in Ohio, where this film is supposed to be set. If you want a movie to watch for family night and want to set a good example for your kids and don't want to have to constantly explain that people shouldn't talk like that or do that, don't watch this movie. 12 year old kids shouldn't be cussing, stealing cars, setting explosives, driving the stolen cars, sneaking out of the house at night, and back talking their parents. This is not cute or funny. It is sad. I am really disappointed that Steven Speilberg put his name on this film.
 For better or for worse, this certainly wasn't what I was expecting. At times an innocent, slice of life glimpse back at childhood in the very late 1970s, the film's sudden, jolting leaps into completely different genres left me disoriented and on edge for its duration. Mixing equal parts of The Goonies, Cloverfield, ET and Red Dawn in the same blender, the final product admittedly feels a bit blotchy and uneven. Rather than running from the stereotypes inherent in each ingredient, like a cast of minors fleeing a destructive unseen monster, Super 8 wears them boldly on its chest like a badge of honor. In many ways this plays out like a picture from the distant past, more concerned with upping the ante and bringing an excess of action and adventure than delivering any messages beneath the surface. A broad, varied lead cast toes the line between strong characterization and oversharing, while their less-than-stellar supporting characters bring the cheese in lethal doses. It's a fantastic popcorn muncher with a fascinating knack for the unpredictable, but much, much more shallow than anything else in the Abrams catalog. Fun for a single viewing, I doubt I'll be back for more.
 Am I the only one who thought this movie under-delivered, was over-hyped, and was unnecessarily bloated with foul language?  I guess seeing Steven Spielberg's name conjured up in my mind a warm, climax-building, plot-developing Saturday afternoon kid-flick, with a memorable soundtrack, and a terrific ending that would make me walk out of the theater amazed, and with an 'how'd they do that?' admiration.  For my matin&eacute;e money I got more foul language than memorable lines, an Alien-esque monster that I could develop neither sympathy nor hate for, and a not-so-epic conclusion that made me ask the question
 Young friends in the late 70's witness a huge train wreck while filming a movie. What they soon realize is that something escaped from the train during the accident and the military will do anything to cover it up.   Super 8 starts out exciting, becomes very slow in the middle and then is exciting again. So I never found the pacing to be too good, while the film also reminded me of way too many Spielberg movies, including E.T, War of Worlds, Close Encounters and Goonies "which he produced among others. While the thing in it "and I won't give away what it is", isn't very original looking.   I will say that the film at least works emotionally and that all of the young actors are very strong in their roles. The look of the film is also faithful to Spielberg which works since the film is basically a tribute to him. But they might as well have gave away more of the plot in the trailers since the movie really isn't too original.
 Nothing really new or amazing here.  An alien escaped a train car and some kids found out about it.  Now they try to uncover the mystery behind the disappearances of local townspeople.  I felt like I was treading heavily through some of the cheesy, emotional plot.  I was entertained; however, and eager to learn more about the alien.
 A train derailment on the outskirts of a small Ohio town unleashes a mysterious creature.  Amid the resulting chaos, a small group of kids (Joel Courtney, Elle Fanning, Riley Griffiths, Ryan Lee, Gabriel Basso, and Zach Mills) have their own little coming-of-age drama.  For the first hour or so, I thought I was watching a 5-star film.  The kids, working on an amateur movie for a local film festival, are hilarious and touching.  Unfortunately, the quality of the film deteriorates as the conventions of the sci-fi action plot assert themselves.  The abilities of the creature are ill-defined; it just seems to be able to do whatever is convenient for the plot.  The naturalistic kids become unconvincing action movie heroes.  In this way, some of the best scenes are derailed even more spectacularly than the freight cars that kick off the whole thing.
 The title of the movie; Super 8, is truly misleading and could convey any thing but the confusion of the moviemaker in opting to a losing scenario. The movie started great, with coherent sequence of events that seemed to lead to a masterpiece of art. Soon, the train crash added great action and drama that was quickly dissipated by a slightly injured truck driver who should have been disseminated into unrecognizable parts in regard to the colossal train accident. That was then followed by another miscalculation on the part of the moviemaker of allowing all the kids who were in the center of the collision scene to survive. Some of those characters were irrelevant to the story and their survival did not serve any purpose but showing the unnecessary exaggeration.  The movie would have still made it to glorious outcome despite the reckless exaggeration of surviving such upheaval. The underlying causes of the train accident would have made the best movie ever had the story stayed away from the frank display of an extraterrestrial monster. Losing confidence in the judgment of the moviemaker made the science fiction less comforting when the viewers should have been eased into believing in a fictional scenario rather than suspecting foul play on the part of the moviemaking.  Many car engines disappeared, many missing dogs and equipments, those were still less unsettling than showing the monster closer to the end of the movie, building underground spaceship and harvesting all metal objects. Had the monster never been shown and left to the viewers to guess its features and motives, one could have remained pondering and enjoying the quizzing scenario to the end instead of feeling fooled by the irrational twisting of the events to served no logical cause.
 I expected this movie to be somewhere between the goonies and ET.  The rating is PG13.  At first I thought it has the potential to become a cult film, like the two mentioned. As the movie follows a group of teenagers, while making a film they watch a train derail and strange things start to happen.  The alien does not show up until the last part of the movie.  The alien fights and eats people.  While it is not a horror movie, the movie does show people getting crushed and blood splattering (warning for parents with younger kids) and this is the reason I am not sure about it becoming a cult movie.  Adults looking for a good alien movie will most likely be disappointed.  Again this is more like ET or Goonies with a darker twist and more blood, but not a bad movie.  Target audience are probably teenagers.
 Set in the 70s and focused on a group of kids making a zombie movie who stumble upon something they weren't meant to know. The characters are nicely fleshed out and there's a definite sense of melancholy and even poignancy at times. In fact, I'd say the characters are the best part about this movie. The introduction of the alien and the ending resolution feels half baked, though. The end credits was done nicely. This film cost $50M to make and yielded close to $260M at the Box Office. A great deal of the advertising of this film early on was done through viral marketing.  CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE
 On the one hand, I'm not a big fan of monster movies that keep the monster mostly out of sight or hard to see throughout the movie. But knowing that was the formula that JJ Abrams used for <a href="http
 these are older westerns but are still very cool to watch. many in the vein of Clint Eastwoods westerns. i enjoyed quite a few of these 20 movies. the picture quality is good and theres lots of action. i recommend.
 A collection of Westerns with some good and bad movies.  Most of the movies are older and some have lower quality pictures and soundtracks as well.
 Its nice that this show has finally been released on DVD. The stage set is a historic one and great to be preserved on video. Just a shame that it wasn't filmed with Randy Rhoads on lead guitar, who just missed this filming. How great would that have been.  The good
 Is it still.. 1998? Where's the Blu Ray release of this amazing show? It's fairly obvious Ozzy has some type of effect on his voice to sound double tracked but it's darn effective and I wonder why he didn't use it more often..this is a buy but would be a MUST BUY for double the price on Blu Ray. How did $haron mi$$ thi$ opportunity?
 I'll get right to the point. Brad does an admirable job on guitar considering he only had a few days get get down every song and solo before touring with the band. But it should have been Randy up there, nobody else. For anyone whose been a die hard fan since blizzard of oz or a guitar nut, it's just difficult to watch since it reminds us of losing a kind person and a total phenom of a guitar player. I remember when this show first aired on mtv, and while it was enjoyable, I was just shaking my head "no the whole show. If Randy was in in this, it would certainly have secured his status as a true legend of the guitar, right alongside EVH. Hopefully, Sharon will make the after hours footage an official release as well.
 I just purchased this video. This is NOT the Speak of the Devil album. Maybe the tour (1982), but the original album was recorded at The Ritz in New York. Just look at the song listing! I was very bummed. I have been waiting for the real concert since 5th grade. This is a great video, don't get me wrong, but claiming it is the Speak of the Devil show is incorrect and misleading!!!!!!!!!!
 Jane Horrocks is a British comedian who amongst her many talents is a great mimic of female vocal artists. This film was originally a stage play based around her.  The plot of the film is simple. Jane plays Little Voice a young woman who lacks self confidence and whose life has been destroyed by an overbearing and grotesque mother. The mother continually belittles her daughter who is so lacking in any social sills that she sits in her room each night playing old 50's and 60's records owned by her father. It would seem that the father was also destroyed by the mother. She sings along to these records and is able to mimic such greats as Billie Holiday, Judy Garland and Marilyn Munro. (Okay Marilyn Munro was not a great but you know what I mean) Michael Caine plays a seedy music entrepreneur who is limping along in obscurity heading career wise somewhere worse than obscurity. He has a brief drunken fling with Little Voice's mother and hears her voice coming from her room. He immediately sees her as an unexploited talent that might just bring him back into the game. The film centres on a concert organised by Caine and its aftermath. Broadly the film is a morality tale in which the mother and Caine get what is coming to them and Little Voice is able to achieve something more than fame and that is normality.  The film is both good and bad. Horrocks at its centre is brilliant and it is her talent that is responsible for everything good about it. Her performance scenes are breathtaking made more remarkable by the use of her own voice. It is the other characters and the rest of the film that is the drag. The morality tale is rather telescoped and the character of the mother a repellent and grotesque rather than being real. The end a little bit of an anti-climax. One would imagine that this stems from the difficulty of converting the play to a film.   Never the less the performance of Horrocks is so strong and the premise so clever that the film is worth looking at despite its faults.
 I actually enjoyed the film when I watched it; it was only after reading some of the more critical reviews here that I started to think about it and realize that it didn't entirely work for me. (Maybe the moral is not to think about films too much, if you just want to enjoy them.)  I think that problem with the film is that it was conceived as a showcase for Jane Horrock's vocal impersonations.  A stage show was built around them, with a story that, according to people who saw it, was much deeper in character development.  Apparently the film's version cut out much of the mother's character, which would make the film more meaningful and believable.  Besides that,I think that the main problem I had with the film was that I didn't much care for the much lauded performance. I did laugh out loud at her "Marlene Dietrich but her "Judy Garland was sort of creepy and her "Marilyn Monroe was pathetic.  So this whole story was constructed around this performance and, at the end of it I had to say "Much to do about Nothing.  We find out, at the end, that "Little Voice's real name is "Laura, hence my reference to "Laura Wingfield", another pathologically shy heroine with an overbearing cruel mother, in "The Glass Menagerie.  Tennesse Williams did it much better!  Laurence Olivier did a star turn as "Archie someone, another down-on-his luck British entertainer, in the film, "The Entertainer. Here Michael Caine gives another terrific performance of the same kind of guy.  He almost makes the film worth seeing.  The character of Little Voice is not very believable.  She goes from practically catatonic, rarely speaks, never leaves the house, doesn't make eye contact, etc. to a vibrant happy person helping her new love train his pigeons.  It's a nice thought but really strains credibility.  However, if you just want a feel good film that doesn't make you think too much, this may be just the thing.
 Case Closed (Detective Conan in Japan) is a fantastic mystery anime that spans 11 seasons, almost 600 episodes, and soon to be 14 movies. It follows the story of a genius 17 year old named Jimmy Kudo who solves horribly difficult mysteries that leave the police dazed and confused. Well one day while out with his childhood friend (Racheal Moore) he sees a man in black doing a shady deal and while he watches it happen another man in black comes and knocks him out. To get rid of Jimmy they decide to use an untested drug on him that was supposed to kill him. Instead it turned him into an 8 year old child. He then decides to take the alias Conan Edagawa so that the men who druged him won't know that he is still alive and to protect the ones around him. With the new name he moves into Racheal's house and begins to help her dad (Detective Richard Moore) solve cases in the hope that one will lead to information on the men in black. Each episode follows pretty much the same formula. A crime happens and then Jimmy/Conan collects clues and reavels the culprit.    All that aside. This box set is just a cheaper re-release of season 1. It has all the same episodes as the original season 1 release. One thing it doesn't have are the few extras that the original release does. So to buy this one would be cheaper, but you would get no extras eventhough there are very few to begin with in the original. I am sorry I have gone on a small rant. I am not saying not buy it. I nfact I encourage you to buy it. I am just angry that funimation as decided to re-release season 1 rather than continuing to release the other seasons.    So if you love mystry then I highly recommened that you buy this anime. I just gave it a 3 because it is a re-release.
 I think the story is excellent, along with the anime, but the dub of the series stink! I infinitely prefer the subbed Detective Conan, which you can watch at dctp.ws because the original Japanese voices are much more realistic and somehow feel as if they are more "emotional". Also, the subbed versions have the characters original Japanese names. I personally think replacing the names was a big mistake, and they should be their original names. For example, Jimmy Kudo is Shinichi Kudo, and Rachel Moore is Ran Mouri. One of the only names that stays the same is Edogawa Conan. Lastly, Funimation only has a fraction of 600+ episodes of Detective Conan, and so if you watch Case Closed, it will not develop the plot properly and introduce all the characters. So, overall, I think this is a good anime, but Funimation should have released more, released original names, and actually put satisfactory dubs!
 I bought a new season 1 set that is supposed to come with a lot of little neat extras. there were no extras and the dvd cases were broken allowing the dvds slide around in the cases. the dvds themselves work fine but the total package wasn't as high a quality as i expected.
 Although I am a big Laurel and Hardy fan I will be totally honest about this dvd. In a way I am glad to have these two films on dvd. The quality on the two films do differ. However I feel that the version of Utopia is far superior than the version that was available on video tape. The version of The Flying Deuces is not bad, but it is out of sync. Both versions are complete american versions(the european version of Utopia is longer than the american version) but until that version is available this will sufice. Granted Utopia all around is generally a bad film, but compared to their 1940-1945 films at MGM and 20th Century Fox where they had no say or control on the films they were making, it in a way shows some of thier old style and gags from their Hal Roach films. Stan Laurel was very ill during production and it definitely shows in his appearance and he later regretted completing this film. Today I am glad, as I am sure many people are ,that he at least was able to finish the film. In closing until better versions become available this dvd even though far from perfect is still ok.
 one the whole its not a bad film but it far from the best of laural and hardy films but if your a real fan you wont be that disapointed.  HOWEVER....DURING THE FILM I DID NOTICE A SLIGHT DELAY IN THE SYNC WITH THE  SOUND OF THE FILM!
 Don't get me wrong, all four of these shorts are great, but haven't they been released enough? DISORDER IN THE COURT, MALICE IN THE PALACE, SING A SONG OF SIX PANTS, and BRIDELESS GROOM have been released on about fifty different videos, and now on DVD. BRIDELESS GROOM, SING A SONG, and DISORDER have been released in better quality by Columbia once or twice, but Shemp's most famous short MALICE IN THE PALACE is not on any Columbia Tristar collection yet. I like these shorts, but DVD's should be better that videos and need different shorts. After all, Columbia still hasn't released 55 of the Stooges films.
 The Lucy show DVD set was cheap. There were no official air dates of each episode, which would be good information for fans, and the episodes were not restored much, and, all of the episodes are out of order...like the first 4 are in color, and then theres one from the first 3 seasons, in black and white...I'd wait for a better edition DVD package unless you're a diehard fan, but, on the record, they picked some fairly good episodes for this 10 episode DVD 2 pack! The shower episode, Lucy takes vacation and new roommate episodes were great!
 Please realize that these b-westerns were made in the 1930's to be weekly entertainment.  We didn't have TV's and the movie was king.  However, times have changed.  Is this movie still worth watching?  Yes. The Star Packer has one plot gimmick-a hollow tree trunk in the middle of a road in a western town. Once you accept the tree trunk, the movie is actually a decent movie. The story doe not bog down and keeps moving.  A westrern has to have some good horse riding in it, and there are some good western action scenes which includes a couple of horse chase scenes. If you like this movie, you might like another early Wayne movie titled  Desert Trail. 
 "Beauty & the Briefcase has its share of charming, embarrassingly funny moments but works for an ABC Family romantic comedy.  Actress Hilary Duff is all grown up and she returns in a "Sex and the City-esque style of storyline in "Beauty & the Briefcase", an ABC Family television film that is an adaptation of the novel "Diary of a Working Girl by Daniella Brodsky.  The film featured a collaboration with ABC Family and Cosmopolitan magazine and aired on April 18, 2010 and attracted 2.4 million viewers.  The TV film was nominated for "Favorite Family TV Movie for the People's Choice Awards 2011.  The film is directed by Gil Junger (popular TV director and director for "10 Things I Hate About You movie and TV series, "Greek", "Hope & Faith", "According to Jim") and a screenplay adaptation by Michael Horowitz ("Burn Notice").  VIDEO
 The DVD of Ron's Howard's Oscar winner about troubled math genius John Nash tops the theatrical experience, despite some technical flaws. The video looks handsome in its scenes of Eastern academia, fall colors warm but a bit flat at times. The nightmarish cold war scenes impart a definite chill with midnight-rendezvous blacks and cobalt blues. True flesh tones help sell Greg Cannom's often terrific makeup work.  James Horner's swirling, math-inspired music sinks deep subwoofer roots via the Dolby Digital. The dialogue sounds muffled at times. Star Russell Crowe, in particular, seems to swallow more than a few lines, but it sounds like a mix or production issue. The problem can be mitigated by hiking your center speaker volume -- a fix that's a [bad] throwback to the early days of the DVD format. On Howard's commentary, the review disc's center track took a sudden leap in volume (at 1
 The new generations barely are aware about the existence of  Fareneheit 451 , a fundamental sci-fi text written by Ray Bradbury, that carves in relief the chilling reality of a recent future, where the increasing frivolity of the modern times makes most of us simply have no time to read and so we have to conform with the reading of history without words; I mean the human knowledge reduced to cartoons, futile candies for a funny entertainment and pop corn images that vaguely intend to depict the complex and fascinating universe of the culture. Maybe Ray Bradbury had smiled quietly when he saw for the first time a video clip don' t you?  When you try to adapt the personal universe of such complex mind in order to intend to seduce the masses through a sugary plot, you are committing a moral crime, due the nestled reality of any human being may not be told with such linearity; even the humblest person in the world has his likes and dislikes, contradictions, phobias and little sins, because the innocence - in its purest state - is exclusive property of the saints.  In this sense, if you want to get close to a light approach of a brilliant mind, then go and astonish by yourself, but at the moment you leave the hall you, don' think you have become aware about the life and times of this man; barely you have explored the anecdotic character, and nothing else.  Brilliant performances.
 Yes, Ron Howard is a heck of a director.  And he's never better than in showing the difference between what's inside the mind of someone afflicted with schizophrenia, and the reality that everyone else sees.  Even I, a practicing psychiatrist, was surprised to discover that Howard/Crowe/Nash had been leading me down a primrose path to hell.  It's elegantly understated, very watchable, and completely accurate.  But it may be the only accurate thing in the film, which is completely misleading. I haven't read Ms. Nasar's biography, which I understand is considerably more honest about Mr. Nash's life, so I do not blame her for this film.  The film is completely misleading. Mental illness is not like a cold that randomly affects some of us, who then take better care of our health and it goes away. Hallucinations can not be willed away.  Mr. Nash did not earn the Nobel Prize BECAUSE of some special creativity his disease gave him.  He did not even earn it THROUGH his psychiatric symptoms;  early in his disease, during (no doubt) a remission of his symptoms, the part of his brain not ravaged by the disease manifested it's greatness before schizophrenia made a mess of his life.  That came later, and fortunately he got treatment for it. But the disease remains.   I fear people will watch this film and think, "Wow, you can have schizophrenia and still win the Nobel Prize! And that thought is an insult to the victims of schizophrenia.  I include in those "victims their family and friends, because their lives are devastated, too.  If you want to learn what mental illness is like (and not just what great film making is like,) watch "Niagra, Niagra.  This is a film that shows the hell that untreated mental disease becomes for everyone involved . . . not a trip to Oslo.
 If you truly like this movie..take the time to read the book. You will find its not as charming as the movie and the abuse and harm he caused was of great concern. He is a genius, but it was not a goverment caused stress..it was plain and simple mental illness.  Their wedding was not all rainbows and unicorns..they were divorced for many years while he was locked up or traveling aboard. He was selfish and drained his mothers and family's finances. Read the book to find out how it really was.
 But, it deviated so much from true events. Ron Howard should have respected Mr. Nash's life, and not attempt to make this a moral story of triumph over mental illness. The biography is much more interesting. I recommend the book.
 I saw this movie for two reasons. I didn't think I would have to tolerate car chases and bomb blasts for two hours and the film, to be sure, relies on neither. However, I can't help but wonder why people are calling this a great movie. Although I like Mr. Crowe as an actor, his work in this film seems overly self conscious and his accent wears on you by the end of the film. The one bright star is the female lead. She is a wonderful actress and I hope to see more from her. If you want to see a truly great film get "Remains of the Day". Hopkings and Thompson define great acting in this film.....
 I didn't hate this film.  I have seen plenty that are much worse, and that were a greater waste of my precious time.  However, after seeing all the hype and all the award nominations, I came to this film with high expectations, and it simply did not deliver.  What could have been an extremely compelling story ultimately comes off as feel-good fluff much of the time. Plenty of historical fact has been omitted from this movie, but that is no different than any number of movies that are  based on a true story.   There is no big crime in this; if you want a faithful, comprehensive picture, go read a book.  This is a Hollywood movie, for crying out loud.  Trying to cram a person's entire life story into 136 minutes means that lots of details will have to be left out.  The problem is that the omitted details make for one hell of an interesting story!  Bisexuality, numerous affairs, an abandoned illegitimate child, a marriage that was much rockier than the film implied, rank anti-semitism...it all adds up to an individual who very complex and interesting.  The fact that the man has been a complete lout at times does not lessen the heroism of his struggle, or the significance of his achievements. The fact is that just about all of us are equally capable of simultaneously being heroes and cads, but we prefer not to face the dualism of our existence. Here was an opportunity to confront that dualism, in one of its more extreme manifestations, and explore it.  Ron Howard could have done that, but he copped out and left us with a sugar-coated, pre-fab, feel-good movie.
 This is a typical Hollywood "based on real life movie
 a bispic of the meteoric rise of john forbes nash jr , a math prodigy able to solve problems that baffled the greatest minds. and how he overcame years of suffering through schizophernia to win the nobel prise. be warned you will be board for at least half this film
 This is a fine movie, a good film, watchable, enjoyable, entertaining and, at times, informing.  What it is not is groundbreaking, compelling, affecting or, simply, great. Russel Crowe's performance was typically good, but nowhere near his stunning turn in The Insider.  In this movie he is playing the troubled genius, and there's really nothing all that new to his performance. Beyond Russel Crowe, everything else is sort of facile.  Technically well executed, the film simply doesn't have the impact that many of it's reviews--and accolades--would seem to indicate.
 A Beautiful Mind tries to do the self-contradictory by presenting a slick, Hollywoodish story about the obscure and diabolical world of schizophrenia. That it is based on the life of a real person, the mathematician John Nash, doesn't add much psychological credibility to the film; again and again, some director's or technician's device (e.g., Nash scrawling hieroglyphic equations on the Princeton library window or having scattered letters from a magazine take on a glowing life to show how Nash perceives them as a code) gives us the feeling that we're being taken on a Disney World ride through the mysteries of the mind. Nevertheless, the film is quite watchable for about two-thirds of its length -- after the dull exposition that sets up the central events and before the mawkish conclusion. Credit goes primarily to the stars, Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly. Crowe, despite his status as the hunk du jour, clearly has satisfying acting technique and apparently good instincts; whatever reservations I have, it's fair to say that he brings the Nash character to compelling life. If only he didn't push the awkward-loner, vulnerable-brain-box motif so far! I suspect that Ron Howard, the director, instead of shaping the performance and asking for more subtlety at key moments, kept urging Crowe to pull out all the stops.  I'm not suggesting that he indulges in scenery chewing -- mostly he keeps his technique within reasonable bounds, and some of the time it serves us well. But, in spite of his stardom, Crowe doesn't yet have the confidence to hold back where some reticence would actually strengthen the role. When (if?) he trusts himself and his audience more, he's going to be an actor to reckon with. Jennifer Connolly is luminous. I'd never seen her before, and she gives her role depths and corners where the script gives her colorless outlines. She's strikingly beautiful, but doesn't coast on her looks, and provides most of the movie's genuinely touching moments. The film's only other actor of note is the egregious Ed Harris, who gives us the umpteenth version of his snake-eyed glare and growling line readings. It's a mystery to me why so many people think he's a great actor. Screen presence, sure; range, from X to X prime, as Nash might put it. Good cinematography helps, featuring warm interiors that reveal the polished allure of the halls' old woodwork and exteriors that capture the sharp-focus chill of autumn and the sturdy solidity of venerable buildings on the campuses of Princeton and MIT. The musical score (one of the movie's few understated directorial elements) is effective, too. The widescreen DVD transfer is first-class -- something you can't count on in DVDs -- with none of the background pumping and motion jerkiness that can result when the compression necesary to fit a movie onto a small silver disc is performed poorly.  A Beautiful Mind has its rewards; too bad they come only in patches.
 Noble Prize winning mathematician John Nash's descent into schizophrenia is far more fascinating than his recovery in the heralded Ron Howard directed drama, "A Beautiful Mind". Nash's delusions, which occupy most of the first half of the film, are frightening flashes of cimematography that startle the senses into belief in much the same way a schizophrenic's delusions would. The second half of the film, his recovery, offers much less in cinematic value as Nash buries himself in mathematical equations as his delusions become less aggressive but forever present. Russell Crowe is the epitome of a schizophrenic Math professor almost to the point of amusing caricature, but the performance is disciplined excellence. Jennifer Connelly, as his wife seems merely there, no more or less than the sympathetic role offers, (I'm in the minority here). Her atrocious make-up in the final scenes, some forty years later, make her look like The Bride of Frankenstein. I would like to have seen Nash's groundbreaking work on economic theory better explained, even in layman's terms. It would have added much to his abandonment of reality. The inevitable emotional summation of Nash accepting The Noble Prize before throngs of applauding admirers was a bit anticlmactic. I mostly however enjoyed this film.
 It's hard to fault  A Beautiful Mind  for the performances or, for that matter, the direction.  Crowe and Connelly are superb, and believable, as the brain-sick mathemetician and his long-suffering wife.  The film does move along with nice pacing and it's not an effort to become emotionally involved in their lives.  Frankly, where the film fails are those scenes that depart from their relationship and bring us closer to the film's namesake, the so-called  Beautiful Mind  of John Nash. Frankly, neither John Nash, nor his mind, are in the tiniest sense made  beautiful  by this film.  The man, an eccentric genius laid low by paranoid schizophrenia, is sympathetic only in the sense that one might feel sympathy for anyone who is mentally ill.  Sure, it's sort of interesting that he eventually won the Nobel Prize Winner for his mathematic theories but when the film tries to explain those theories, the viewer gets only the most rudimentary insight into what must really be a fascinating, somehow mathematically based, theory of economics and human nature.  Naturally, the script writers assumed that most viewers wouldn't be interested in anything more than third grade arithmetic, and leave it to Nash to scribble heiroglyphic equations on windows, blackboards, and anything else he gets his hands on to show how  complex  his theories must be without really attempting to explain how they work. The same holds true for his mental disease.  Most psychiatrists attribute the development of severe mental illness, such as paranoid schizophrenia, to a combination of genetic (family history) and environmental (infant/childhood trauma) factors.  This film discloses nothing about this man's life prior to graduate school.  He simply acquires his mental illness without any explanation, whatsoever.  The audience is supposed to swoon with sympathy for his plight and, in fact, based on the film's box office (and the Academy), apparently, a lot of folks apparently found Crowe's performance affecting.  Indeed, it is to Crowe's everlasting credit that he made the character he played into someone to whom audiences could relate. Once again, though, one is left wanting to know more.  Why did Nash create the imaginary characters that populate his diseased mind?  One can, given the times (mid 1950's) imagine why an anti-communist operative (played wonderfully by Ed Harris) is one of his spectres, but why the gregarious room-mate, and (especially) why the room-mate's young adoptive daughter?  What in Nash's past, if anything, prompt these denizens to constantly plague his life?  No clue is given. I suppose the real goals of this film were
 Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, and an strong supporting cast offer extraordinary performances in A BEAUTIFUL MIND--and fortunately so, for the subject of the film has undergone a Hollywood homogenization that renders the film both timid and tepid.  Still worse, both script and direction are unfocused, and much of the film is taken up with a tricksy plot device calculated to manipulate viewers into an unexpected identification with Nash's mental illness. The plot device in question is one recently seen in a number of plot-driven films such as THE SIXTH SENSE; here, however, it proves extremely transparent and feels out of place, and since it requires the film to shift gears several times it contributes to the film's lack of flow.  Moreover, it has the effect of presenting the nature of Nash's illness in very glossy terms that fail to really reflect the seriousness of his condition.  It all has a  santitized for your protection  feel. But when the cast has opportunity to shine it shines with considerable brilliance, and in spite of the film's numerous flaws the actors hold the attention from start to finish.  I have never been a fan of Russell Crowe, and I found his performance in the earliest scenes a bit artificial, but he quickly comes to grips with the role and delivers a powerhouse performance that remains in mind long after the film ends.  Jennifer Connelly is equally powerful as wife Alicia, and the supporting cast (which includes Ed Harris, Judd Hirsch, and Christopher Plummer) is extremely fine.  This is not a great film, but it does contain great performances, and I recommend it on that basis.
 I saw this movie in the theatre, and was very impressed.  Russell Crowe is a very talented actor, he proved that to in "Gladiator back in 2000; yet it's a little off course from what John Nash's real life is about. I looked into it more, and found out that John Nash was actually bi-sexual.  This is something that the movie never really hinted at all. I'm not to sure, now that I think about it, but that's pretty significant information that is being withheld.  I guess they omitted it to give us a better opinion of the character; at least that's what I came up with. Another thing that was left out was the fact that Nash eventually got divorced from his wife.  Which is no surprise, they almost made it seem in the movie as if his wife would leave him.  But it did allow the film to be more gratifying and uplifting. I did like the movie; even if some key parts were left out to better the film's stature.  I mean, they do say
 This was a really enjoyable movie, but at some points lacking in depth.  I bought it hoping to get more out of it by multiple viewings as well as the extra material.  Boy was that a mistake.   The mathematics was never really explained, just shown to us by drawings.  I finally bought a copy of a book on the Game Theory in Politics to understand his groundbreaking work. A great movie, it just does not have repeat quality like Gandhi or JFK.  Once you see it, you see it.  As a French minor, I may end up playing the French dubbed version simply to feel like I got my money's worth.  Never a good sign. The stuff on the second disk was basically a waste of time to me.  I'm not interested in how they made a heavy drama like this.  Sure, in animation and action movies these can be interesting, but movies like this do not lend themselves to these featurettes. Still, all in all great performances by all.  I recommend highly you see this movie, just don't buy it.
 Film, particularly as practiced in Hollywood, is based on audience manipulation. So it's no surprise that lifelong Hollywood resident Ron Howard is a master manipulator. A life spent inside the machine has taught him exactly which buttons to push to get the desired reaction from his audience. He is so skilled at this that we in audience don't mind the manipulation while it's taking place. And  A Beautiful Mind  may be the most skillfully manipulative of Howard's films. The film hits all the proper emotional notes as it tells its story of love triumphing over adversity. Sadly, it's bunk. Even the most cursory look at the truth behind Nash's life reveals the screenplay adapted from a recent biography of Nash by Akiva Goldsman (who brought us the two most recent, atrocious  Batman  scripts) as sanitized for mass consumption. Gone is any mention of Nash's infidelity and bisexuality, and what are we to make of the  love conquers all  story when we learn that Alicia Nash in fact divorced her husband when his deteriorating mental state became too much to bear. Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly give terrific performances, as does Ed Harris playing an invented character who is better developed than many  real  characters in other films. Howard's directorial skill and Crowe's screen charisma even make witnessing such moments as a paranoid Nash slowly sliding down a locked door sobbing in a heap on the floor seem to carry emotional weight (at least until we think about it for more than twenty seconds). This review began as a recommendation and while the film is more worthwhile than most Hollywood product you'll see this year, I'd say just don't expect to gain any insight into the nature of genius, madness, love or any other especially human qualities.
 3 1/2 STARS... I honestly had no desire on seeing this film. Once I saw the trailer and heard Russell Crowe sporting that horrible accent I knew that I would be dissapointed with him as I was with 'Gladiator'. There was that flaw and the fact that Ron Howard who is NOT one of my favorite director (i.e. Far and Away, Apollo 13, Dr. Suess' How the Grinch whatever) However, I can now say that film is actually good. Ron Howard didn't [mess] it up that bad. Russell Crowe, I can now say, was totally magnificent! I felt for him so much. I mean I actually cared for the poor [man]. Now, I really want him to win that Oscar. I probably sound stupid but he really should. ... Russell can give his Oscar to Rush and keep this year's statue. I was also surprised with Jennifer Connely. I loved her in 'Requiem' and I was kind of surprised that she even took the role seeing that she was being the indi queen for the moment. She will also win for best supporting actress. ...  Still, RON HOWARD should NOT win best director. How can one direct a biographical piece if one takes out the most personal stuff? Howard neglected the fact that John Nash was bisexual. Eventhough he put it in their very cleaverly but totally unclearly, I think that it would have made the film a whole lot interesting. Just thinking that Howard had to ignore that fact just so he could make 'A Beautiful Mind' a mainstream PG-13 rated film is just sleazy.  I also thought the film was rather long than usual. I think this is because Mr. Howard abuses the title card effect to denote that the years gone by. It was totally annoying because I had to start all over again with liking the film. I mean I did a lot but I had to do it far more than once. 'A Beautiful Mind' could have been a great film. It is a good film. I like it. But Howard just [upset] me ... with his hiding behind the bush about Nash's sexuality.
 I know Nash from game theory classes, specifically for his most prodigious econometric contribution that's popularly known as Nash Equilibrium, a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behaviour.  Not only is that pivotal element skipped (except for fine print in the epilogue), casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-codebreaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it.  Russel Crowe may have been twice as credible if he didn't struggle to imitate Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Fred Gwynne as one of the Munsters. Well, Ok, I am over-analyzing. Jennifer Connelly does well to potray a doting wife, but the fact that his real-world wife had divorced Nash is totally ignored. For that matter, we're never even told that their son, also an ingenious math whiz and a schizophrenic, suffered as much at the hands of fate and society as his father.  Why was a more honest, less Hollywoodized depiction of the mathematician so difficult to manage? None of such facts would have lessened Nash's accomplishment or undermined the originality of his contributions, but their omission suggests that the director was not confident in addressing the audience as grown-ups.  If you know little about John Nash -- the troubled, violent, gifted mathematician --  this may come across as a very well made movie, as the numerous accolades it bagged may prove. But the film in its half-baked form is a bit of a gyp for anyone who knows a bit about the man and his much grander complexity. I still give it three stars for holding your attention, but I wonder if anyone would willingly watch it more than once.
 Interesting story, whether accurate or not.  Excellent acting by Crowe, Connelly and, as always, Ed Harris.  Way too long, the story could have been adequately & eloquently told in under 2 hours.   And the music!  The entire viewing experience would have been more captivating and less maudlin with an occasional change in tempo.  I found myself thinking too often "I got the point half an hour ago, move on.   Too bad.  I really like Ron Howard movies, appreciate a good story, and such outstanding acting is not to be overlooked or undermined.  My recommendation is to make sure you are in a very patient frame of mind when you head out the door to see this one.  You will be glad you didn't waste your movie money on a mindless action film or one of the ever-prevalent animated adventures, but this movie may put you in the mood to see another movie! Sorry, Opie.
 Let's be clear from the start
 A Beautiful Mind, nominated for eight Academy Awards, manages to twist enough feeling out of John Nash's incredible life story to redeem an at times ludicrous portrayal of schizophrenia.  Russell Crowe, who endures the role with characteristic fervor of John Nash, was known to be enthralled with Nash to the point where he even attempted to emulate his flurry of hand gestures. The Nobel prize-winning mathematician developed a groundbreaking economic theory while at Princeton, to only be topped by his appearance on the cover of Forbes magazine and to become a professor at MIT, followed by his demise brought on by his schizophrenic delusions. These delusions were portrayed in the film by means of director Ron Howard, but predictably they go astray. Nash begins to believe this "altered world is his reality which is populated by a maniacal Department of Defense agent, played by Ed Harris, an imagined college roommate who seems right out of Dead Poet's Society, and an orphaned girl. These characters are represented so favorably that the audience begins to wonder if schizophrenia is really as slick as it is depicted. Crowe's physical intensity drags the viewer along as he works admirably to carry the film. No doubt the story of Nash's amazing will to recover his life with out the aid of medication is a worthy one, which makes his eventual triumph heartening. Unfortunately, Howard's flashy style is unable to convey much of it.   There are several important elements in Nash's very influential life that have been overlooked. For one, his most prestigious theory which was the Nash Equilibrium, which is a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behavior. Not only is this pivotal element skipped, except for in the fine print of the epilogue, casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-code breaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it. A little less Hollywood depiction would have been nice but the film is still deserving of the four Academy Awards achieved in 2001 for best picture, best director (Howard), best supporting actress (Connelly), and best adapted screenplay (Goldsman). Crowe's depiction of Nash earned him an Academy Award Nomination, which is generous in my opinion.
 The best part of the film were when the leading character was delusional. That's not a good basis for a film to grow off of, especially when sanity brings the viewer a happy boring ending. There was no real romance to speak of, instead the idea of exchanging bodily fluids and skipping any small talk prevailed. The director Ron Howard reaffirms that he does not know how to craft love stories.  I did not find the characters to be believable as portrayed. The acting by Russell Crowe was horrific. The phoniness of his stammering accent reminds me of having sticky fingers. You can't get rid of it and the longer it goes on the more annonying it gets. His wife lacked any character development. She is similar to an immovable pillar which remains in the same spot and the same shape less some aging. I can hear Crowe's character saying, "that's a good wife, now stand over there and cry when I get all the accolade.  The makeup showing the aging of characters appeared planned and formulated. It was great the first dozen movies we saw it but now it doesn't work. I found myself successfully guessing where the plastic pieces were applied to the faces. There wasn't much else to do as I was completely bored waiting for the credits to roll finally releasing me from this yawner.  I will give the movie 3 stars. It was average at best. The editing, soundtrack and portrayal by some supporing actors were the only things saving it from a lower score. Wait for it to appear on TV. This movie won 4 academy awards. It is a terrible example of 'excellence' in film.
 The protagonist John Nash,a mathematic genius,is so talented that he increasingly becomes pshycotic.During the movie the viewer becomes more and more confused and will not be able to understand  A BEAUTIFUL MIND  straightaway.That is the reason for just 3 out of 5 stars.Russel Crowe presents in an amazing way the illness of John Nash.To my mind you have to see the movie at least twice to understand this masterpiece. My recommandation
 I bought this movie because everybody was saying it was good but when I saw it I thought it was long and boring I mean in order to see it you need a dictionary to understand each word they say in it or be really smart , but what I found interesting was the twist which fooled me and I like it because how it was presented. The dvd has lots of stuff for you to watch which is pretty good but thats about it.
 If you are planning to buy or rent this movie to know the story of John Nash, you should read the book instead.  The only similarity between the movie and the biography was that he was nuts and he was brilliant. Another review mentioned this was the true story of John Nash.  Nothing can be further from the truth.  In the movie Nash was working for the government to protect against the Russians.  In his bio he was actually talking to space aliens about forming a world government.  Also there was no mention of Nash's many relationships with men in the movie. A few other facts about Nash not mentioned in the movie was that he has an illegitimate son.  He was not the loving, caring husband the movie made him out to be.  In fact he was a real jerk for a long time.  He didn't even try to care for anyone. I saw the movie and then read the book.  I still think  A Beautiful Mind  was a good movie, but it wasn't even close to being an accurate protrayal of Nash.
 I saw the movie before its Oscar success.  I was dissapointed in the movie then and very dissapointed it won "Best Picture".  Its not as moving or emotional as I would expect....and the story line dissapointed me.....I actually thought the main character was going to get involved with the government and the cold war, etc. (I obviously did not know the story of Nash prior to my viewing!) thinking it would be an action-drama style movie.  He's insane?  What?  What a rip-off.  If he contributed to the world of math, the movie didn't really develope his contribution...I think I would have enjoyed the movie better if they had explored that more than the insanity stuff.  I was reading Neal Stephenson's most excellent book "Cryptonomicon at the time and I thought this movie was in the same line.  Well, I still gave it 3 stars, which is average....definitely not best picture.
 Sorry, but while great film has the responsibility for excellence in script, direction, acting and cinematography, when it lies by selective ommissions from truth, it is propoganda, not art. Biographer SYLVIA NASAR has defended screenwriter AKIVA GOLDSMAN's decision to omit certain details about mathematician JOHNFORBES NASH from his film A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Fans of the GOLDEN GLOBE-winning writer's biography about the former schizophrenic have criticized both Goldsman and the movie's director RON HOWARD for ignoring significant aspects of Nash's life - including his homosexual tendencies, that he fathered an illegitimate child and that he and his wife ALICIA divorced shortly after his schizophrenia was diagnosed. In the film, JENNIFER CONNELLY, who plays Alicia, stands by her troubled husband's side throughout his mental problems, and Nash, played by RUSSELL CROWE, is portrayed as an upstanding and resolutely heterosexual man. Sorry folks, but without truth there's no beauty when beauty proports to be truth and not fantasy. .
 I thought highly of this movie until I actually watched it. This film is not entirely bad but it's not entirely good either. While watching it, I spent a good amount of time waiting for something to happen. It was a bit dull and drawn out most of the time. the dialogue was also equally dull and predictable. As for directing, Ron Howard hasn't done anything that impressive.  I understand that the directors of In the Bedroom and Fellowship the Ring were also nominated in the best director category. Both deserved the award more than Howard. Especialy when you consider the fact that what Peter Jackson did (and is still doing with) Lord of The Rings was revolutionary. Fellowship of the Rings is a masterpiece that will go down in history. A Beautiful Mind, a piece of sentimental, hollywood nonsense, certainly will not. After that helicopter shot of Nash riding his bicycle in the mathematical infinity symbol with what was supposed to be inspiring music playing in the background, I had to resist the temptation of pushing the stop/eject button on my VCR. The message was indeed inspiring. Jenifer's performance was excellent. But that's about it. In fact, if you wan't so see Jenifer at her best, go rent Requiem for a Dream.
 A Beautiful Mind is not a great movie, certainly not 2001's best film, but it's a respectable effort from director Ron Howard, and especially writer Akiva Goldsman, who was partially responsible for the travesty that was Batman and Robin. This biographical drama focuses on the life of John Nash, the genius who developed a radical concept on game theory. I'd rather not say further about the story, since there's a big plot twist halfway through that definitely puts a spin on much of the material that came before it. As most have heard, A Beautiful Mind is largely inaccurate in its depiction of John Nash's life. Did I really care? Not particularly. I'd be a fool to expect a film based on facts to adhere entirely to the truth. Rather, I'm basing my opinion on how well-crafted the movie is, and how well it succeeded on what it was trying to be, that is, a film meant to inspire with its theme of love (and besides, I seriously doubt all the indiscretions of Nash's life would mesh well with that, so I'm wondering if the film's detractors really want to see all of Nash's odd behavior portrayed or if they're just looking for something to complain about). So how does this film come across as a feel good drama? Not bad. First off, I'd like to mention that Ron Howard's direction and Goldsman's screenwriting are easily the film's weakest points, and not deserving of the Oscars they received. As has been evident in previous works, Howard is not a master of subtlety, and as best as he tries, he obviously doesn't have a firm grasp of what's genuinely good drama. A lot of the film's emotional moments are overdone and pure Hollywood; there's typical shouting, crying, and glass-breaking, nothing I haven't seen before.  While I have a lot to complain about Howard's direction, he's fine when it comes to pacing and style, and yes, the film itself does look very lovely and polished. Definitely by far the film's weakest segment is in the last ten or so minutes, when we witness Nash age and receive his nobel prize. That alone doesn't sound so awful, but unfortunately, we get a speech that lamely hammers home the movie's message, that of how we must rely on emotion and love over cold intellect to solve our problems and survive in this world. It had already seemed obvious that was what the film had been striving to say throughout its rather lengthy running time, and I sure as hell didn't need Howard to blindly forcefeed the theme in such a manner. Since I've done nothing but complain up to this point, you might wonder why it is I consider this film above average. The answer's simple. This all works thanks to Russell Crowe as John Nash and Jennifer Connelly as his wife, particularly the latter, who delivers a magnificent performance worthy of far more screen time (it's all the more disappointing to see that we never even find out what she does for a living, considering she was the one supporting Nash in his later, troubled years). Crowe is in very fine form in the lead, both sympathetic and likeable, though some of his tics seem more like obvious attempts at acting rather than genuine eccentric behavior. Schizophrenia is a disease that's dealt with in the film. I've never studied up much on it, though on my paltry knowledge alone, I probably know far more than most Hollywood (most often, as in the case with Me, Myself, and Irene, filmmakers seem to think schizophrenia is just another term for multiple identity disorder). (moderate spoiler) I don't know how accurate A Beautiful Mind's portrayal of this mental illness is, but the Nash in the movie hardly seems like a true "loony, and the film makes the disease seem a bit easier to handle than it probably is (Nash sees a few people who aren't there, and at one point, even reasons that they can't be there). Much like the rest of the film, the handling of this topic feels Hollywood, but also like the rest of the film, it's handled competently and in a fairly riveting fasion. *** 1/2 out of *****
 A pretty good movie.  Outstanding performances by everyone, but a kind of  so what?  articulation of Nash's story.  I think it would have had more impact if we had seen more of both his genius (not the BS with him doing nonsensical stuff, but actually doing math relating to his theory that won the Prize) and his illness.  The movie at a minimum should have given more information about Nash's unique contribution to Mathematics.  All told, it got about 2 minutes, as compared to the amount of time given his hallucinations.
 I'm a huge fan of Italian director Antonio Margheriti, aka Anthony M. Dawson, even though I haven't seen very many of his films. How can this be? Because the ones I have seen revel in low budget schlocky glory. Margheriti is responsible for such classics as "Alien From the Deep, the infamous "Cannibal Apocalypse, and "Killer Fish. He's also the man who brought us several highly entertaining shoot 'em up action/war films, films like "Indio, "Indio 2, "Tiger Joe, "The Last Hunter, "The Hunters of the Golden Cobra, and "Ark of the Sun God. If you need any additional evidence pointing to Dawson's relevancy in the realm of low budget cult classics, he directed the catastrophic "Yor, the Hunter from the Future. If you've seen this disaster, you know how important Margheriti is to lovers of cheese cinema! I'm dying to see all of these films--and a few others--arrive on DVD. Until then, I'm contenting myself with the precious few of this director's earlier movies that have come out, or are soon to come out, on disc
 There are quite a few things wrong with this movie but it still holds the attention without being irritating. Fans of Westerns will probably find it interesting.  The DVD is quite good although excessively grainy in some shots. Colours are good, the images are strongly focused and the sound is clear and clean.
 I remember this one. We were given 3-D glasses going into the theater and were told, "When the guy in the movie puts HIS mask on, put on YOURS!! Needless to say, there were plenty of BOOO!!! moments. Kind of suspicious of how it will look now. But back then.........if you're into nostalgia and remember this, then buy it. If not, you might e=want to pass.
 i first saw this film on tv when i was about 7 years old, and i remember it as being the first movie that ever scared me. the plot is pretty simple
 To 3D enthusiasts this is a one of the best examples of a black & white 2D film with anaglyph (red/green) 3D sequences.  The idea is that when anyone wears the ancient tribal mask (which looks like a decorated skull) they experience strange hallucinations and they become increasingly neurotic and violent.  Wearing the mask is like an addiction, once tried they have to keep returning to it.  The three bizarre 3D sequences are introduced in an effectively corny way - as a voice tells the man in the film to "put on the mask now the viewer puts on her/his mask (ie 3D glasses).  When the film was first released the glasses were shaped and decorated like a mask.  So the film is an inventive piece of harmless hokey fun with appropriately strange 3D inserts.  However, I found the image in this DVD release quite soft, and although the 3D works quite well (given the process and the variations in viewer's tv screens) I don't think it's as crisp as the Video release from a few years back.  I don't know why this should be - it seems to me there really is no excuse for a DVD not being the best ever quality, even if it's taken from a 35mm print.  These films were projected onto huge screens in cinemas, so why don't they look wonderful on our home screens?  So, a good old classic film but a disappointing DVD.
 I don't know what's up with this release...the DVD I got says nothing about included 3D glasses, and indeed there are NONE.  I went to the manufacturer's website, and the same basic DVD cover is displayed, except theirs says, "3d glasses included right on the front (mine doesn't)...weird.  I see another reviewer here claims their copy came with one pair...who knows?  Video quality is a little hazy, but overall probably an improvement over VHS.  Best 3D is achieved when viewed on a computer monitor.
 This is definitely one of those movies that you have to see only when you're in the right mood for it. Otherwise, the low budget, bad acting, and Elvira lead-in will set you up for a  it's so bad it's good   experience, which would be a pity. This one is out there - a milestone in  the history of the  psychotronic  film. The mundane plot is  offset by the most bizarre  dream  sequences I know of (with the  possible exception of  The Electronic Monster , but let that go  for now....) They were directed by Slavko Vorkapich, a well-known montage  artist whose elaborate work was featured in many films of the 30's and  40's. These sequences are initiated by our stupifyingly dull protagonist  donning an ancient Incan? Aztec? Mayan? ceremonial mask (with the voiceover   Put the mask on NOW! supposedly cuing the audience to put on their 3D  glasses with all the subtlety of a large mallet). There's no point in  trying to describe what happens - they are almost plotless, and feature  violent death, astonishingly weird sets (some are reminiscent of Cocteau's  1946  Beauty and the Beast , although far more sinister; others  are more Lovecraftian, as if Cthulhu was in the wings....) and IF you are  in the right frame of mind, they ARE effective DESPITE the obvious low  budget. (I can only imagine what a true-to-form remake could accomplish  with a decent budget.) So - I'd give the dream sequences 4.5 stars, the  rest of the movie 1.5, and Elvira, well.... ;-)
 A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
 'H', a 2002 Korean police thriller finally making its US DVD debut, tells the story of a pair of police detectives tracking a serial killer.  Only, this isn't your usual run-of-the-mill killer.  This killer is reenacting the crimes of a man who confessed to killing six pregnant women ten years earlier.  The new crimes are exact in their replication of the originals.  The police deduce that the original killer has some sort of connection to the present crimes, so they go to the prison to interrogate him.  Thus the film's comparison to 'The Silence Of The Lambs'.  The cinematography of the film is beautiful, done much like David Fincher's 'Se7en'.  There are some very disturbing visuals(i.e. the horribly bloody crime scenes)and some amazing prop dead bodies(especially the dead woman on the bus with her fetus' leg sticking out of her torn open stomach).  The acting, from what I gather because I don't speak Korean, doesn't seem top notch, which is surprising because one of the film's stars is Jung-Ah Yum who was awesome as a possibly evil stepmother in 'The Tale Of Two Sisters'.  But I think the major problem with this version is the subtitling.  I just don't think whoever did them did the greatest job.  Its not that the lines are nonsensical like in old Kung Fu flicks.  It just doesn't seem that the correct words were used to convey what was actually being said.  I don't know though...maybe its just me.  Overall, 'H' is a decent enough film.  There's no real scares or shocks to speak of being that you've seen most of this stuff before.  The film is well put together with the cinematography giving it tons of atmosphere.  The bloody set dressings and prop corpses are fabulous.  But the movie does tend to drag and the ending is a bit of a reach.  'H' is worth seeing but if you want to see a much better film dealing with the same subject matter, check out another Korean production called 'Tell Me Something' or the Japanese film 'Cure'.
 This is a tough movie to rate. On the one hand you have its overtly derivative nature. Other reviewers have noted the obvious references to 'Se7ven' and 'Silence of the Lambs' and that's all true enough. But on the other you hand you have the deft touch in direction. This is, generally, a well directed film. It's as smooth as silk. The pacing, the camera work, editing, music, costuming are all top shelf.  Here's the scoop. A serial killer is on death row after having turned himself in. The police question him in the hopes of getting clues to whomever is killing women using the same m.o. The story gets a bit more complicated but that's pretty much it in a nutshell.  As I mentioned this is a well made flick and it held my attention the entire time. But it DOES have it's problems. First is detective Kang. He doesn't slowly build to a breaking point throughout the movie. He tips after the first 15 or 20 minutes. It just didn't feel right. Then there is the jailed serial killer. He is, I believe, 22 years old and he waxes philosophic way too much for me. And his philosophizing is a bit too vague for my taste as well. And the ending is rather sucky. I found it too over the top and unnecessary.  This adds up to a bit of a shame. It's sad to see this much talent squandered on such unoriginal material. Serial killers fascinate many of us. And I don't see an end to movies about them being made. But there are some great ones out there and it will take some real imagination to keep the genre going. I'd hate to see it lapse into the murky depths as have some other genres.  That being said, this is still a good watch. If you're into this sort of thing you could do a lot worse.
 This movie certainly had me wondering all of the way.  It starts off with some gruesome murders and we are talking some truly sickening stuff here.  We find out the murders look to be done by a copycat.  The murderer who is being copied is in jail so the cops go and speak with him.  These were by far my favorite parts of the movie.  This kid who plays the serial killer is very good.  I have to say that the movie was very well acted and they did a good job telling the story, it was just a little boring.
 I read your comments that said English subtitles before I bought this dvd.  But there is no English subtitles for deaf people.  I know this movie is good but I have a hard time to understand what people said.
 Not the feel good type that I was looking for.  Some may like it, but not me.
 "Montana Territory...1879...where cattle was king...where the law was a gun...and the men who drove the great herds up from Texas made the rules. They were hard men...they had to be hard to keep alive... And not just the men. Cattle queen Maria Singleton (Alexis Smith) is not about to let a bunch of stinkin' sheep onto prime cattle land. She and Rod Ackroyd (Douglas Kennedy), equally prejudiced against mutton, run things in this section of Montana Territory. It's not going to be easy or pleasant when Morgan Lane (Errol Flynn) shows up on horseback with a lot of sheep following him. All he wants is a chance to prove that cattle and sheep and share the same land profitably. While he's trying to do this, sometimes with humor, sometimes with his fists, men will die, the sneaky Ackroyd will get his, a great stampede will take place and Maria will find out that at least some sheepmen don't stink as much as their sheep.  This routine oater is competently enough made, but there's not an original idea in either the script or the direction. At some point Raoul Walsh is said to have stepped in to help with the directing. Perhaps that's why there are some scenes involving Errol Flynn that have a little juice in them. At 41, Flynn looks his age. He may not be entirely convincing in a fistfight, but for the most part the movie shows him using more charm and brains, not brawn. His looks hadn't yet fallen victim to booze and gravity. That would come in the next two or three years. In The Master of Ballantrae, 1953, he looks as tired and worn as Roger Livesey looks corrupted and drunk, but Livesey was wearing make-up. The Fifties saw Flynn as just another alcoholic and the punch line of jokes. His last movie, released in 1959, the year of his death at age 50, was something called Cuban Rebel Girls.  For those who enjoy S. Z. "Cuddles Sakoll, this shtick-carrying character actor, so cute...so wobbly...so predictable, shows up early in the movie and then just disappears. For those who enjoy music, we hear Celito Lindo warbled around a nighttime campfire and Old Dan Tucker sung by rough cowboys in close harmony. For those who enjoy the bizarre, we even have Errol Flynn strumming a guitar and singing "Reckon I'm in Love"...  "I met a certain someone who makes me feel that way. And ever since I met her I'm a singin' in the saddle `Skidoodle diddle daddle' all the day.  Flynn smiles while singing this, but he must have needed a drink afterwards.  If you're interested in the eternal struggle between cows and ewes, you can't do much better than <a href="http
 For the second year in a row we have been graced with the After Dark Horrofest. Well saying "graced my be a bit overboard considering almost every film developed under this festival has been a disaster to sub par at best. We love the horror genre and encourage the whole indi film movement but there has to be some substence to what we're watching or why bother? Short on budget doesn't mean it has to suck. All it means is you have to rely less on killer effects and dish up a good story with some realistic chills. Mulbery Street actually succeeds in this way to an extent. Not so much scary but the concept definately has a chill factor. Who wouldn't get scared by being preyed upon by rat zombies in a tenament home?  Our story takes place in a New York City tenament home where 6 seperate residents are dealing with the fact that their complex will be demolished due to an urban renewal. One great aspect of the film is the believability of these characters. It's not a bunch of young kids aimlessly running around getting picked off as in the typical horror flicks of today. It's actual real people living their everyday lives. The main character is a former boxer and his close friend who are awaiting the boxers daughters return from Iraq. Then there are a couple of guys who live on the upper floor, one being an elderly man who needs an oxygen tank to survive, and a single mother and her son. So you start to actually care for the characters instead of routing for them to vanish. As they all go about their day the super is trying to get the water to work in the boiler room. While working he's bitten on the arm by a rat. Within minutes he begins to have strange symptoms. He goes upstairs to rest and starts to see hair growing on his ears.  The more time that goes by the worse he starts getting and it becomes obvious to everyone that something strange is going on. The news continues to report rat attacks throughout the city. Roughly every five minutes new breaking news appears stating the rat attacks are becoming so frequent they must suspend all subway service and want everyone to remain inside. What they don't know is that these rats are passing some strange virus around which are turning the infected into rat like zombie creatures. It's a lot like 28 Days Later but with a different storyline. From here on out you follow each tenant as they work together to save themselves from the rat zombies. It does become intense at times and overall is an enjoyable and creepy film. The use of atmosphere is key in this one. They really did a great job driving home the chills in that way. The camera lighting is very dim and you get a very claustrophobic feeling while inside the cramped apartments.  Overall the film was good with some flaws. But why be so cridical on an independent film. Considering the small budget they did a great job. The focus on atmosphere was awesome and the acting was really good. A couple cool facts about Mulberry Street is how they had to shoot essential footage in the middle of the crowded streets of Manhattan without any official permission to film there, and how all the actors in this film are friends or in some way related to the director, so none of them received any payments. Not bad when you factor all that in. So if you're looking for a great film you won't find it in Mulberry Street. But if you go into it expecting an above average indi flick you will really like it. It's definately worth checking out.
 While I love horror movies, one about rodents usually aren't my thing.  However, I enjoyed almost all of the 2006 Horrorfest films, so I was excited to find out there were more the next year!  Mulberry Street is the first of the 2007 Horrorfest films that I watched.  I happened to watch it the same week I saw "I Am Legend and while they are certainly similar in subject matter, they're both very different films.  Mulberry Street is pretty good.  The film is choppy and extremely dark, which frequently makes it hard to tell what is going on.  But, that kind of adds to the suspense.  The actors are all superb, especially the performances by Kim Blair and Nick Damici.  The movie spends a lot developing the characters.  All of them are interesting human beings with a story and not the usual "hot bunch of teenagers.  The ending was a little bit of a shock, but I don't need neat, tidy endings all the time anyway, because let's face it life isn't always neat and tidy.  Good film.
 Mulberry Street (Jim Mickle, 2006)  28 Days Later... ripoff that could have been so much better than it is, but actually isn't half bad. Co-written by Mickle and star Nick Damici (In the Cut), featuring cameos from Larry Fessenden and Debbie Rochon, and about a plague of mutant rats chowing down on New York City--what's not to like?  Plot
 I have to say for a after Dark film it was not to bad. Its better than the first batch they threw out at us. The script follows of group of people living in a run down apartment building. The plague is spread through rats and once bitten you transform into rat. Thats right you transform into a rat. Not completely but just some of the features. This makes for a intresting take on the whole eating people thing. Instead of zombies you are rat-people. The movie starts out kind of slow and then finally picks up then they unleash the carnage. It kind of ends there but for the most part it is entertaining. Just dont aspect to much. The acting is average the gore pretty good. I say its at least a rent but maybe you would want to watch this one before buying.
 They could have used any infection and gotten the same result, rats seemed like a cop-out for me. The story seemed to be like Dawn of the Dead if it had been crammed into a single night. Also, are we to believe that in the entire city, only 2-3 people owned a gun? The characters that were enjoyable were killed off or never got enough screen time, and the ending left off in an allusion like we were supposed to feel something, but there was nothing to feel.While entertaining for the first watch, theres no urge to watch it again, except in the background during a party on Halloween night.
 You know how Toho Production makes a bunch of Godzilla films and then as public interest peters out, they decide to go on hiatus for half a decade or more? I really wish this same thing would happen with character driven zombie films.  Mulberry Street is one of those. An epidemic in New York turns everyone rabid and the close-knit residents of an apartment complex join together to hole up and fight it off. The characters were great, the father reuniting with his daughter finally coming home after being injured in the army, the old best friend who have lived in their apartment for 50 years, and all the peripherals were done wonderfully. The acting was definitely impressive. I have to admit I was convinced.  Unfortunately, I've been convinced before. Lots of times. The locales, the characters, the subplots, the start of the epidemic all have changed, but the core has not. And frankly, I'm feeling the genre was already bursting at the seams of over-saturation a few years back. Granted, there have been a films have been the exception by squeaking in with a fantastic twist or hook or just absolutely stellar comedy, but this hasn't done it.  And speaking of comedy, I couldn't help wondering why this wasn't one. New York gets invaded by RAT PEOPLE. At first contamination, the people still look somewhat human but by the end of the film all the RAT PEOPLE look like a bunch of rodent versions of Count Orloks from Nosferatu with their long noses and hungry eyes. I can't imagine why this movie was played straight. With the characters and subplots written convincingly enough, and the fact that they strayed from inserting typical virus-spawned zombies, I believe the writers could have delivered on some truly golden comedy.  Instead, I'm left watching goofy, crazy rat people plod around, attacking people like zombies have always attacked people (albeit with a couple of instances of crawling through walls), filmed like zombies attacking people has always been filmed, paced like every film of zombies attacking people has ever been paced, and leaving me just plain bored.  I see that Director/Co-Writer Jim Mickle has a new film coming out this year called Stake Land and Mulberry Street certainly gave me enough to have interest in catching this one, but it didn't give me enough interest in itself, sadly.  I suppose if you've managed to never see a character driven zombie film, it's a pretty good one. But if you've already seen a few or, like me, well more than your fair share, it's a little bit too late in the game and its new addition of rat people would be better suited to a comedy.  I was really feeling 2 1/2 stars on this one, but since it really wouldn't be a bad place to start getting into this kind of film I swayed towards 3. I'm just not going to recommend it to any of my fellow zombie movie gluttons--unless after all the zombie films you've seen you've always imagined a movie where Count Orlok splices his genes with a rat, clones himself, and invades New York...and that you've always imagined this movie being played dead straight without any camp value to be found.
 low budget entry in the AFTER DARK HORRORFEST gets credit for its avoidance of stereotypical characters and effective camera work to compensate for its low budget.  its cast of unknowns is very effective and the sense of doom is disturbing.  its not your typical zombie flick and is above average, albeit a little bleak in its ending.
 <a href="http
 I just munch this type of movie up but i was still left wanting something else to eat. The movie seemed to take forever as far as getting something going here. Once it did, it was hard to make scenes out due to the darkness in the film and the acting was just ok but for some reason, I just could not give it a two star. The movie did have its scary moments and i am glad i did purchase the DVD at a cheap rate.
 "Mulberry Street was one of those films that I feel sat on the brink of being a really good movie, but no one gave it a push to send it over.  I thought the idea of rats passing on the virus or whatever to humans who then became more and more rat-like and cannibalistic was really clever.  It's too bad that the movie took that idea and ran away from it instead of with it.  The acting was decent.  You managed to have the opportunity to get to know the main characters well enough to care (or not care) about them as the film progressed.  I enjoyed the idea of the man who was loved by all but basically kept his thoughts and feelings to himself.  I liked the idea of the gay male who was so friendly to everyone.  I even liked the idea of the daughter coming home to hell after her tour of duty.  But, then, like a bolt of lightning, everything burned at the end.  I managed to hang in there to the bitter end thinking, "Okay, here is where it all comes together.  Here is where Daddy saves his daughter at the expense of everything.  And, was I disappointed?  Heck yeah!  They really screwed up a perfectly mediocre movie that was almost worth watching with a 2 minute ending that an eight-year-old could've done better. If you don't mind all of that and can dig really hard for potential, it's worth watching; otherwise, watch it on someone else's dime.
 8 films to die for i was a lil dissappointed with this one rats umm i dunno what to say rent this one it was ok not great and not terrible worthy to rent red box!!
 This is a pretty good movie but, it has a "been there done that feel to it. The actors do a good job with what they have to work with and the movie captures the time period without making it look too ridiulous. Swimming as a sport to watch, is like watching paint dry so, that doesn't help the film either. It's worth a look if you see it on cable, as the based on a true story film does inspire you...a little.
 ***1/2  "Pride is the latest piece of sentimental uplift set in the movie-spun world of real-life sports.  You know the drill.  An idealistic coach takes a ragtag collection of recalcitrant youngsters, and through discipline, hard work, and a litany of inspirational speeches, turns them into a winning team overflowing with character and pride.  When the youths have to battle racial prejudice on top of everything else - as in "Remember the Titans and "Glory Road - well, that's just additional icing on the feel-good cake.  It would be easy to be cynical about a movie like "Pride.  It clearly knows all the right buttons to push as it manipulates the emotions and stacks the decks in ways that could call into question the integrity of its makers.  Yet, for all its slavish devotion to the formula, "Pride works as a movie, thanks, primarily, to the actors who approach their roles with an earnestness and sincerity that bring the concept to life on screen.  Terrence Howard portrays Jim Ellis, a former competitive swimmer, who in 1974 is sent to dismantle a failing rec center run by the Philadelphia Department of Recreation.  Once there, he meets up with a group of inner city boys whom he teaches to swim, and who, as a team, make the transition from hopeless underdogs to state champions in the course of a single season.  Of course, it goes without saying that Ellis has to contend with the initial cockiness and lack of discipline of his own swimmers, but he also has to battle the prejudice of the other all-white teams against whom they compete as well as a local street hoodlum bent on drawing the boys into a life of crime.  Luckily, Howard receives strong support from Bernie Mac, Tom Arnold and a handful of fine young actors who acquit themselves well in the role of the swimmers.  There are times when "Pride lays it on a little thick, when it seems more interested in tugging at our heartstrings than in telling a completely believable story, but I suspect that most members of the audience will be as awash in goose bumps and tears by the end of the movie as the script itself is in cliches.  But then, like it or not, that`s the name of the game when it comes to inspirational sports stories these days.
 This is a very dandy package of two movies
 Ok, here it is. I am a huge fan of Abbott and Costello movies. Africa  Screams is a decent one and has many funny moments but its not their best.  Jack and The Beanstalk is ok but thats about it. You won't go wrong  watching these movies though. So, on this DVD double feature i went Ape and  Not Giant if you get my drift. Ape for Africa Screams and throw out the  magic beans for Jack and the Beanstalk. 3 stars is all i could give!
 Although I am a big Laurel and Hardy fan I will be totally honest about this dvd. In a way I am glad to have these two films on dvd. The quality on the two films do differ. However I feel that the version of Utopia is far superior than the version that was available on video tape. The version of The Flying Deuces is not bad, but it is out of sync. Both versions are complete american versions(the european version of Utopia is longer than the american version) but until that version is available this will sufice. Granted Utopia all around is generally a bad film, but compared to their 1940-1945 films at MGM and 20th Century Fox where they had no say or control on the films they were making, it in a way shows some of thier old style and gags from their Hal Roach films. Stan Laurel was very ill during production and it definitely shows in his appearance and he later regretted completing this film. Today I am glad, as I am sure many people are ,that he at least was able to finish the film. In closing until better versions become available this dvd even though far from perfect is still ok.
 one the whole its not a bad film but it far from the best of laural and hardy films but if your a real fan you wont be that disapointed.  HOWEVER....DURING THE FILM I DID NOTICE A SLIGHT DELAY IN THE SYNC WITH THE  SOUND OF THE FILM!
 There must be some fairy tale or long time story told in China. I have recently viewed two movies that are so very much the same story, told in very different ways. One, <a href="http
 There really isn't much Stephen Chow in 'CJ7', so don't bother watching it for his appearances. Most of the screen time is taken up following a young boy who's poor father (Chow) works very hard to send to a private school. The boy does not fit in with the affluent and aggressive students, and his problems become complicated by the arrival of an alien pet his father finds in the dump.  Fans of Chow's films may greatly enjoy the scenes where the young boy dreams of the miraculous things his new pet might accomplish for him at his school. One of these scenes features a hilarious homage to 'Kung Fu Hustle' that was worth the price of the movie for me, but which would be lost on someone unfamiliar with that film.  Overall
 The version I received was a Taiwanese version dubbed in Mandarin and not in Cantonese. There are commentaries in Cantonese but the movie is dubbed in Mandarin. I like the movie but I wanted it in Cantonese.
 I found this to be an entertaining movie but not one of Chow's best. There were many references to Kung Fu Hustle as well as Shaolin Soccer which were funny but overall the story was lacking. It's a fun movie but not the greatest. I'd say rent it.
 Different from Stephen Chow's other films (Shaolin Soccer, Kung Fu Hustle), CJ7 is an alright, fun one and a half hour family friendly experience.  It takes some getting used to, however since it's a family film and on top of that, Chow doesn't really play the main character. Plus not a whole lot of kung-fu action...  Yeah the CGI effects are cheesy but all in all a light-hearted somewhat touching film. It's not a must-see Stephen Chow film but if you're looking for something to watch when you're bored - CJ7 will suffice.
 i bought this movie cause i was told that it was good....it was ok.  Not bad for 5 bucks i spent.  the story is very good but it has some of the same bull that most run of the mill horror movies have.  the don't go in there parts are stupid cause any reasonable person would not do some of the stupid stuff the girl does.  im a big fan of criminal minds and it kinda reminded me of the show.
 In rural Pennsylvania a psychopath (John Savage) kidnaps a young boy and cuts him. The boy has a medical condition where he does not feel pain, which the psycho mistakes for "no fear. In awe the psycho make Martin (Spencer List) his apprentice, picking up women that no one seems to know is missing.  Nearby, Allison (Alexandra Daddario) moves in with her uncle following the death of her parents. She jogs past the abandoned building where the psycho lives and she becomes curious...  The acting was about what you would expect for a "B horror movie. There is stabbing and blood, but there lacks a certain horror aspect as we don't know most of the victims. I thought I had the movie figured out, but the ending came off as a surprise. The movie sets up for a sequel. Not the worst horror film out there, it just lacks character.  Language and brief corpse nudity.
 Bereavement is a modern horror movie, but tries to be more. It's about a psychotic man that abducts a child, Martin. Martin then begins to experience this man's terrifying crimes. Overall, it's too much of a typical slasher to really excel in the genre.  What did I like? The overall theme of abduction and nature vs nurture in this situation is creepy. It's got some beautiful shots and great music. Also, there were some moments (the hook to the leg!) that actually made me flinch, which doesn't happen often. The ending was also decent and slightly different from a typical horror ending.  What did I dislike? The constant loud and often unnecessary screaming got annoying after a while. There is a scene where she ends up in a freezer and when she turns on  the light, she starts screaming ferociously. But there really isn't anything to scream about since the room is basically empty and everything is covered in rags. Also, the second half of the film quickly turns into a typical slasher. You've probably seen some of the scenes before in another movie. The acting was very mixed; some did well and others did poorly.  Overall, if you're in the mood for a slasher and you've seen the rest, I recommend checking out Bereavement. If you have Netflix Streaming, it is available as of 6/29/12 if you want to save your money.  There is brief nudity, and excessive violence and gore.
 Violent, bloody, gory - and not very well done. Sorry. This film is a prequel to Stevan Mena's first film, Malevolence, another not that great movie, both are about psycho killers, typical slasher movie stuff. The concept itself is interesting - a character study on how a psychopathic killer is crafted under the tutelage of another psychopathic character, but I'm always leery of movies that are directed, produced, written, and even scored by one person - if there's no one around to tell y ou "No - how do you know you're not making crap?
 Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.  Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.  The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.  Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.  The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.  Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.
 As more time goes by, I personally believe it becomes more challenging maybe even difficult to make a horror movie truly scary, fresh and original.  This is mainly due to the plethora of remakes, stale ideas and clich&eacute;s that submerge the horror genre of film.  As for this independent horror movie named "Bereavement", it is able to succeed in some areas and fail miserably in others.  The movie has an interesting plot, rather two plots that end up blending into one.  I actually really like this formula, it was vey engaging.  Story plot one, in 1989 a young boy named Martin who has a rare medical condition that allows him to not feel physical pain is kidnapped.  He is kidnapped by a man who is a psychopath/serial killer named Sutter.  Sutter finds young women, kidnaps them and takes them back to his condemned slaughterhouse and uh...slaughters them.  Now since Martin can't feel pain and he is already a bit touch, Sutter believes Martin is an omen to continue his good work and follow his path of restitution.  Story plot two, fast forward five years later, a 17 year old girl named Allison (played by the attractive Alexandra Daddario) comes to live with her aunt and uncle and 10 year old cousin after her parents die in a car accident.  Allison's uncle is played by Michel Biehn and I have to say I really enjoyed seeing him in a staring role again.  Biehn has a really subtle presence that is so believable.  Well needless to say Allison is ambivalent about staying with her extended family and moving from Chicago to a more rural town.  This promotes some conflict and interesting character development.  Now that Martin has spent five years under Sutters' "guidance it leaves much to interpretation of how watching a man torture and slaughter women can influence one's development. It isn't long before Allison and her family cross paths with Sutter and Martin, which results in some interesting and gory outcomes; it is a horror movie after all.  I have to say that I truly have some mixed feelings about this movie. I found the set up and the pace to be perfect.  The acting was impeccable, for this type of film; there really wasn't a bad performance.  The boy who played Martin did a wonderful job. The unfortunate part was the movie, at least for me, fell apart in the last half hour or so.  The once smooth pace became befuddled, redundant, over the top and suffered so many horror film stereotypes.  I found these pigeonhole movie ruses disenchanting since this movie was doing such a good job of breaking the "norm".  Once the film was over, I felt a bit let down.  I didn't realize until after I watched this movie that it is a prequel to "<a href="http
 Bereavement is the 2010 prequel to indie slasher film Malevolence, written and directed by Steven Mena. If you haven't heard of Malevolence, I can't say I'm particularly surprised. It was a small, almost no-budget slasher film, the story of some bank robbers and their hostages who hide out in a house that turns out to be home to a serial killer.  The one noteworthy plot point to an otherwise aggressively average film was the reveal in the last fifteen minutes that the killer was a boy who was kidnapped by a killer two decades before and brought up to take over killing people. It was the most disturbing concept in the original film, finding the older killer's journal where he talks about how strong the boy is getting, knowing that he would one day become a victim as well.  So it's no surprise that Bereavement takes up that plot as its basis. It is the story of Martin, a six year old boy with CIPA kidnapped by serial killer Graham Sutter. Sutter believes that causing pain cleanses people of sin, and that Martin's insensitivity to pain makes him a pure spirit, the only one sinless enough to deserve to absolve others. So begins his lengthy apprenticeship as Graham carves up a variety of people while Martin watches.  Parallelled to this story is that of Allison, a 17 year old who comes to the small rural Pennsylvania town where Graham works in secret. Allison (played by Alexandra Daddario before her 'star making' turn as the girl in that Percy Jackson movie) is recently orphaned and is coming to live with her uncle Johnathan (played by Michael Biehn reminding us we're all doomed to middle age eventually). She slowly begins to explore the wide open spaces that are now her home, and her and Martin are brought together slowly.  As a horror movie, Bereavement is honestly not particularly great. It's well made, but there are almost no scares in the entire film and when the third act bloodbath finally happens it seems more like lip service to the demands of the genre than something someone was really invested in. A large part of that is because it's a prequel, and so much of the story surrounds the future of Martin, a boy you already know is going to grow up to become a killer.  That said, the movie does invest heavily in its characters. Allison's slow awakening to the world around her, coming out of her grief, is well acted and the small human drama between her and her uncle is genuinely interesting. At the same time, Martin's experiences with Sutter's bloody tutalige are a weird mixture of angry, violent, and sympathetic and sweet. Sutter is a monster, but he is clear-minded in his insanity, and he seeminly takes great care to groom Martin in his image.  There's an interesting story here, about the nature of evil in people and how the circumstances in which one is raised create the person. It's a slow burn and it seems content to take its time building up the characters into people with actual motivations and personalities. It's a rare thing in the genre, and it makes it easy to forgive a lot of its other flaws. Unfortunately, all the subtext of the film eventually gets spelled out and then shoved aside in favor of the genre trappings, Allison in peril and Martin ending up exactly where we already know he will. So when all these interesting characters start getting bumped off, it doesn't heighten the fear, it just seems like so much wasted potential.  Bereavement is better than average for a serial killer movie, to be sure, but I kept hoping it would be something more. Unfortunately, like all genre films and all prequels, it suffers by its expectations. I would have rather seen something revisionist, even at the expense of retconning away the first film, if it would have made a better story. As it is, Bereavement is good parts that never quite come together to make a good film. It is, in the end, more a blip than anything of note, cut down in its prime just like so many of the film's victims.  DVD Notes The movie comes with a 30 minute making of feature that seems more like a home video shot on set than a professionally produced piece of ancilliary material. It's a lot of actors goofing off and director Stevan Mena explaining himself to the camera. This is followed up by a much more conventional promo piece that can be easily skipped.  There are a number of deleted scenes, detailing two rather meaty subplots that were excised completely from the film. They aren't necessary, but they are good character beats. One in particular, involving Sutter being haunted by the memory of his victims, is genuinely creepier than anything that made it into the actual film.  Then there's a commentary by Mena. Mena seems like a nice guy, but he's obviously in love with his film and his actors and watching him talk to himself for 103 minutes about how great everything turned out is more great sleeping material than an informative commentary. It's not a train wreck, but it's perfunctory, which might be worse.
 It's my own fault that I expected more from this movie. I chose it in a rush and based on only one review that said Bereavement is a psychological thriller. Had I researched even a little more I would have quickly learned that Bereavement is a slasher flick.  The movie has a scene in which a teacher very briefly touches on the age old nature versus nurture debate. That is about as psychological as the movie gets.  In the opening scene we meet Martin, a little boy abducted from his home at six years old. Flash forward five years and Martin is living with and witnessing the violent acts of a stab happy maniac. Oooohhhhh... Will Martin end up being a product of his genes (nature) or a product of his experiences (nurture)... The fact that this movie is a prequel is a huge clue.  Character development and plot are lacking, but hey, they really are not that important anyway to this movie. We learn enough about the individual characters to establish the reasons for their decisions (many, many stupid decisions). I was very grateful to not see any scenes in which women wearing high heels run from imminent homicide.  However, adolescent boys will be most grateful for the very generous helping of scenes featuring Alexandra Daddario as the beautiful, tight-tank-top wearing, young, busty heroine. Ms. Daddario was every bit as talented in this movie as she was in "Percy Jackson & The Olympians. (For what that's worth.) The other members of the cast were not as easily recognizable to me but performed every bit as well as Ms. Daddario. (Again, for what that's worth.)  If you are a big "Texas Chainsaw Massacre fan, this movie has many of the same endearing qualities and much higher production values. Personally, I like a lot less blood and gore and more story, but I get that this is a horror film and know that it is right up the alleys of many members of a much younger demographic.  All in all, I didn't hate it.
 BEREAVEMENT (2010) is a ghastly exercise in psychopathic misogyny, crimes perpetrated by a violent maniac who adds outrage to the mortal woundings he inflicts in a dungeon-like abbatoir by forcing a six-year-old boy he'd previously kidnapped to watch the slaughtering of bound and sometimes impaled young women. Graham Sutter's murder spree is in response to orders he receives from the skull of a dead bull, which is mounted on a wall in a place of honor. He often has one-sided arguments with this... thing.  Martin's got a condition that doesn't allow him to feel physical injury, so when Sutter slices open his cheek or pins his hand to a wooden table by ramming a carving knife through it, the boy has no reaction. Viewing Sutter's murders does cause young Martin to flee...at first, and try to help some of these condemned girls to escape. It's easy to anticipate what this poor kid will do later in the story.  The first stomach-turning killings are of nameless females. Soon though, we meet a teen named Allison, the uncle and family who adopted her after her folks were killed in a car wreck, also Allison's boyfriend William and his dad, which is essentially a cameo by John Savage. Like his character in <a href="http
 Well I had mixed feelings after watching this movie and to be perfectly frank, had they had a couple of different actors and a bit more money in the budget, it could have been a whole lot better. Now that isn't to say or imply that this movie isn't worth seeing, but I personally had issues with not so much the movie itself, but the portrayal of all the stupid "blonde bimbos that seem to be so pervasive in horror movies. I mean really isn't there any females out there that have even a few brain cells between their ears and the ability to NOT scream and whine and cry at every conceivable moment? The only decent female character in this movie is the main character Alison.  Also, regardless of the community size, but especially a small farming community, wouldn't it seem to be a VERY BIG DEAL if young women were constantly turning up missing? Not quite so in this movie though.  Now I am not going to give the plot of the story away, but it did have a few interesting moments and a couple of semi-okay twists, but it is definitely not a <a href="http
 Bereavement  This movie started out pretty good. But as it progressed, it became predictable. That isn't to say that it wasn't good, just not as much to scare or thrill you with. The gore factor isn't so bad because the scenes are really dark. I normally watch these kinds of movies so it doesn't bother me as much as it might for someone who doesn't normally view horror movies.  Martin Bristol is kidnapped from his backyard swing set, he is just six years old. He is kidnapped by a serial killer. Because of Martin's disorder, CIPA , the serial killer takes Martin's silence for no fear and finds this an acceptable trait to keep him around to help him clean up his messes. Martin spends years with this serial killer watching him kill.  The characters in Bereavement aren't particularly endearing. What kept my interest mostly was trying to figure out the little boy Martin. The movie touches on the theory of what makes a serial killer- things like environment or what's ingrained in the person that makes them want to kill.  As someone mentioned, this is a prequel to Malevolence. In Malevolence, the little boy, Martin Bristol, from Bereavement is now several years older and is involved with the killings in Malevolence. Bereavement certainly piques my curiosity to see Malevolence again. Malevolence has less substance in the way of background of the killer and after seeing Bereavement it makes it more interesting. Overall, I think Bereavement is a good flick to rent but I don't think I would spend the money to buy it.
 Bereavement seems to start off as two different movies in one.  On one hand, you have the crazy serial killer who talks to the skull of an animal who kidnaps and kills teenage girl by stabbing them repeatedly in their stomachs.  He has also kidnapped an "apprentice a young boy who does feel pain.  Across the town there is a coming of age story of a teenager (Alexandra Daddario, Percy Jackson) who moves in with her uncle after her parents die in a car accident.  She has to adjust from growing up in the big city of Chicago to small town Pennsylvania and naturally this involves a boy from the wrong side of the tracks.  About an hour into the movie the two genres finally collide when Daddario sees the small boy in the window of an abandoned meat packing plant and goes in to investigate.  Naturally a bad idea.  Bereavement attempts to be a thinking man's horror movie and almost achieves it.  It is a nice diversion from the genre than your run of the mill slasher flick without a discernable plot.  But if you do like horror films where the kills get bigger and more elaborate, this is not for you.
 This story is low on the horror, high on the gore.  Strange on the morality, even the folks who don't smoke or have sex end up poorly.  The acting was okay.  The cinematography was not so bad.  The story was rural, limited, and the set up for a sequel is weak at best.  I cannot recommend this movie.
 "Bereavement, the prequel to "<a href="http
 This was a moderately lackluster effort with no real scares and a story that was not fully realized.  The film attempts to make a statement about the influence of nature vs. nurture, but misfires completely.  I don't want to say anything about what goes on in the movie, so I will make this veiled.  We don't know anything about the little boy who is taken, other than that he can't feel pain.  We don't know if he had a super nice life or, really, anything about him or his home, as the film glosses over this very quickly.  He could have had a horrible home or a great home; we don't know.  The ending is not something that you wouldn't see coming and it doesn't say anything about the apparent subject of the movie in any real way, as we don't have any background on the little boy.  On top of this, we never really understand the killer's motivation.  He seems to be super sorry for working at the slaughterhouse or some such nonsense, but this isn't explained and is left for the viewer to decide if his insanity is simply run-of-the-mill insanity, or some sort of ideological madness.  At any rate, the killer's motivation is not explored and renders his acts meaningless; blood for shock.  If I had to really say other things that are wrong with this movie, I would say that everything is simply perfunctory.  Everything in the movie just is and there is no reason for it.  People do dumb things as in all horror movies and the outcome is the same.  I would give this 3/5.
 Okay, I may have misinterpreted other reviews, but one shadow stabbing another shadow is not gorey, is it?  It seems almost censored.  This is NOT FRIGHTENING.  It is suspenseful.  If that's what you like, you'd probably prefer a better plot, or better acting on the part of the serial killer, one of the main roles.  What irritates me most about this movies though is what bothers me for all generic horror movies.  That is... the women screaming, they all seem like the same person with differnt faces.  Their whining and wailing after beening tied up for days seems very implausible.  What would be plausible, go into shock I'd think.  What he does is not much different from crucifixion without the nails, thus shock.  But not so shocking.  Their justification for him killing women is so absurd, it's hysterical.  You can't take this movie seriously on many levels.  Highly overrated
 BEREAVEMENT is an extremely dark and disturbing film.  Director Steven Mala pulls few punches in this brutal look into the mind of a psychotic serial killer. A prequel to 2004's MALEVOLENCE, the movie focuses on a small Pennsylvania town unknowingly harboring a killer who abducts, tortures and murders young girls.  He also kidnaps a 6-year old boy who suffers from a condition that prevents him from experiencing any kind of pain.  Their subsequent association is the most chilling aspect of the film. Michael Biehn, Alexandra Daddario and Gerard Funk give solid performances and Spencer List is chilling as the little boy. BEREAVEMENT is not a pleasant cinematic experience, but it definitely has an impact.
 I watched this movie with two other horror fans that I get together with once to twice a month for movies. This review is going to reflect all three of our opinions.  The visuals were excellent particularly the lighting. Too often horror substitutes darkness for acting or suspense.  The acting was average to below average in quality but much of this reflected the very two-dimensional nature of the majority of the characters including the female lead whom was set up to be the heroine throughout much of the film.  The best acting came from the boy you can see on the cover and he never said a single word.  Good horror has to go beyond gore. There was a fair amount of gore here but primarily it was not overdone at all.  We need to feel something for those characters in danger to connect in some fashion and care about what happens. Sadly the script didn't develop our expanding pool of victims in any real way so we felt nothing.  The serial killer however was fairly developed even undergoing some change and growth in the film.  We got to see a bit about his past, we could figure out his mental problem, we saw him struggle with it and his warped sense of morality.  We just really don't feel like siding with the killer and thus we never were emotionally invested enough to say this was beyond three stars.
 Unlike many modern horror films, Bereavement does have an overall storyline.  I.e., it's not just multiple scenes of violent killings strung together loosely by a so-called "plot.  The serial killer of this story kidnaps a young boy and "apprentices him.  A grieving young woman moves in with her uncle & his family nearby, in the same rural community where the killer operates.  She discovers the boy, then begins to try and save him.  The acting in this film is pretty good, including Brett Rickaby as Sutter, the killer, and Alexandra Daddario as Alison, the neighboring teenager.  Two "name actors, Michael Biehn and John Hurt, have relatively minor roles.  Ms Daddario is a particularly beautiful actress and previously appeared in Hall Pass and the Lightning Thief movie.  The movie contains some compelling images, such as a couple of shots of psycho Sutter on the roof of his slaughterhouse, silhouetted against a sunset sky.  The plot device of the boy's condition is used very effectively.  I would have liked a "happier ending, but will concede that the there is more shock value in the way it ends now.  There is a lot of blood & gore in this flick, although it's not all gratuitous.  Still, this movie is not for the faint of heart.  The filmmaker, Stevan Mena, is a multi-talented guy.  Besides writing, producing and directing, he even wrote the music!  (a la John Carpenter)  His score for the film works very well to heighten the suspense.
 I have not seen the film that this is a prequel of so I cannot comment on that.  This film starts with a little boy who has the inability to feel (Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis though I can't recall what they called it) being kidnapped by a man who we become quickly aware is a serial killer.  The man takes the boy and raises him to follow in his serial killing footsteps.  Several girls are kidnapped and killed until they finally kidnap the wrong girl.  I was excited to see several of the actors listed on this film, and I'd have to say that most of the acting is above average for an indie horror.  But this film never really pulls the viewer in.  Perhaps because we didn't know the boy before his kidnapping, or we never really know any of the girls who are being killed.  My biggest complaint with the film is some of the directing and screenwriting.  We see several girls kidnapped and killed... all from the same small town, but no one seems to notice.  There is no warning out about girls going missing, no comment that anyone even notices that they are gone.  Also there is no follow up with the boy's family to see that they did anything to find him after his kidnapping.  There is just a serial killer, a little boy and whichever girl they have at the time.  Now granted we get to know our final girl... that her family was killed and now she has to live with her aunt and uncle.  She doesn't seem to mourn them, doesn't really seem to show much emotion at all through the film.  Everyone seems a bit hollow.  Sure they may be saying caring words but there was little familial chemistry between anyone.  My biggest annoyance probably won't bother many others - the screams... I'm sorry but when you start getting hacked up, the screams won't be one long unwavering sound.  The screams were just girls screaming with no correlation to what was happening to them.  In the end, this movie is alright, but nothing that anyone needs to see.  I was hoping for something a little more cerebral, especially since the director seems to have been going for that.  But the film never really rises above "b status though it is to pretty and visually slick for a B movie.  When the film ends it won't cross your mind again or lead to any great discussions.  And since it is from the perspective of the killers, there really isn't any shock or stay with you afterward type scares.  You'll watch it and forget it.
 This horror film is based on a semi autobiographical novel by Rula Jebreal. It is a prequel to Malevolence which I liked more. This movie centers on a boy who is taken from his home. He is made to watch horrible things his captor does who is a psychotic killer. They live in a farmhouse in an isolated area which prevents others from knowing what is going on there. But then a girl moves into a nearby farmhouse and suspects there is something going on. The acting is fair but once you've seen the first stabbings there isn't much more to it until the last 20 minutes or so. I found myself wanting to fast forward through the middle of the movie but didn't so I could properly review it. I was hoping something different was going to happen but that wasn't the case. I didn't find this movie scary but has a lot of gore. Gore for gores sake. Music and suspense cause me to be scared. The hint of seeing something or hearing something that may be scary. When it's just in your face stabbing and gore it doesn't scare me as was the case with this movie.
 ST. CLAIR DVD multi-packs are reasonably priced, and offer fine quality video/audio transfers of unrestored public domain material. Discs are single-side recorded, plastic storage cases fairly sturdy, liner notes appear on box's back cover and most DVDs include bonus items.  Disc #1 of ST. CLAIR's COMBAT AMERICA box set contains seven volumes of "The Air Force Story. Disc #2 has six entries in "The Great Generals series. Disc #3 features documentaries by Frank Capra and others.  MILL CREEK's <a href="http
 It fulfills the contract for a sequel and maybe a third spin off will come from it. The movie was a B-
 "Why Did I Get Married Too reunites the four couples again for their annual marriage retreat, this time in the Bahamas. It's pretty much the same scenario and plot from the first installment, but this time it's just not that interesting to watch. Sheila's ex-husband shows up alone and unexpectedly to the retreat just to "diss Troy (Sheila's new hubby) and make everyone uncomfortable. Angela is talking trash once again, and provides the most laughable moments. Lou Gossett, Jr. and Cicely Tyson have a cameo appearance as an elderly couple who still love each other after years of marriage. Their story provides probably the only endearing moment of the entire film.  Then there's the usual dialogue about marriage - the guy talk, the girl talk, some drinks, some jokes, some insults and then when the couples return home, that's when all of the trouble begins. I won't go into all of the details, but it's just not plausible that four couples, who are friends, would have so much extreme drama going on in their lives at the same time. This movie was just drama for the sake of drama, and it added nothing to the first "Why Did I Get Married? which was an excellent movie. I don't know why Tyler Perry even bothered to make a sequel other than to perhaps keep Malik Yoba employed and to show that Janet's acting skills have slightly improved.  Like everyone else, I love Tasha Smith's "Angela character, but she was just way over the top this time. (No man would stay married to a woman who clowns like that in public ALL THE TIME.) The ending was completely unnecessary, considering that this was supposed to be a "romantic comedy". It's obvious that TP didn't really know how to end the movie, so he kept piling on more & more drama until he finally ran out of ideas. (For example, showing up clowning on someone's job just to embarrass them after you've already smashed up the crib? Was this necessary?) I was exhausted after the movie ended. Just way too much melodrama within a 2-hour period. Hopefully, there won't be a "Why Did I Get Married 3? (or "Why Did I Get Married Again?"), but somehow (unfortunately) I think there will be one.
 Taking place 3 years after the original, Why Did I Get Married Too? finds the same group of college friends on a week long retreat to discuss and improve their relationship/marital issues. Terry (Tyler Perry) and Diane (Sharon Leal) seem to have bounced back from their previous issues and are devoted parents to their young son and daughter. The loudly overdramatic Angela (Tasha Smith) and Marcus (Michael Jae White) are still fighting, although he's gotten a job as a sportscaster and finally has his act together. Angela is still obsessed with the idea that he's cheating and her irate behind screams out her suspicions to anyone who'll listen. After divorcing her abusive ex-husband Mike (Richard T. Jones), Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to the more loving sheriff Troy (Lamann Rucker) and the two now have a baby boy. Last but not least are author/professor Patricia (Janet Jackson) and Gavin (Malik Yoba), married for 14 years and viewed as a model for the "perfect couple (of course there's no such thing) among their friends.  Instead of going back to Colorado, the gang vacays at a lush Bahamas resort that seems like heaven on earth. Unfortunately, paradise gets ugly with the unexpected arrival of Mike. The unworthy fool wants Sheila back, but girlfriend's havin' none of it! She's not the passive doormat she once was and has no fear in standing up for herself. To make matters worse, Patricia announces to the group that she and Gavin are getting a divorce.  Much like the first film, the ish really hits the fan once everyone goes back home. The civility between Patricia and Gavin crumbles once Gavin stakes claim to the money made from her books. Pat's not going down without a fight and things get beyond nasty. Terry suspects his wife of infidelity, a deal between Sheila and Mike threatens to destroy her marriage to Troy, and Angela's antics get even more out of control. Can these couples get it together or will the drama do them in for good?  Before I go into the cons, I have to talk about Janet's performance. While the original showcased Jill's impressive acting chops, the sequel is clearly Ms. Jackson's and she shuts it DOWN! Especially once Pat drops her icy "keep it together although everything's falling apart facade and loses her mind. "YOU WANT CRAZY?! I'LL SHOW YOU CRAZY!!!! Her big brother Mike passed away in the middle of shooting and it's clear that the intense scenes were cathartic for her. The pain, anger, and sadness shine through and are at times hard to watch.  Now to the not so good things. Way too heavy on the melodrama for my taste. The strength of the first Married was how relatable and believable the issues were and how they were dealt with. This time around it seems like Tyler Perry had more drama than he knew what to do with and didn't know how to go about mending things in a believable way. The scene at the hospital was a poor attempt, I'm afraid. Angela and Marcus' fights were obviously used for comic relief, but didn't we go through all this in the first movie? It's such a retread and a time filler imo.  Despite the disappointments, the movie wasn't a total failure. The other cast members did well with their performances and I love Janet's ballad Nothing that's played as a short instrumental throughout the film and heard in full during the credits. The lyrics pull from the story ("Tell me what could the problem be, that's got you drinking way too much .... "You can even have the password to my phone") and calls for a significant other to drop all "jealousy or insecurities and know that nothing that come between them. Beautiful. In closing, Married Too isn't as good as the first, but it has it moments. Check it out.
 I enjoy Tyler Perry's work and after seeing Why Did I Get Married, of course I had to see the follow-up.  The story line was ok but the character Angela was just too much and too loud!  No one would be married to this woman and why should spouses give each other their cell or email passwords.  Just because you are married doesn't mean you can't have privacy...it's called TRUST!!  Husbands, wives, and couples in a committed relationship should stay out of each others purses, wallets, and electronic devices.  I'm married and my husband NEVER answers my phone.  One time my phone was ringing and I asked him to get it for me, he said let it go to voice mail.  If you want to check your spouse's cell, just get a detailed bill.  I assume most married people are on the family plan anyway.
 I thoroughly enjoyed "Why did I get married? despite being dragged to the theatre to see it. I was in a relationship at the time and was told I was similar to the one of the characters.  So when the sequel arrived, I was excited to see what had 'become' of them? Had Angela and Marcus finally worked their issues out? Would all the characters be happier as it seemed they were at the end of the first movie?  **Spoilers**  The movie opens and you get the backdrop that the couples are going on their annual retreat but this time to the Bahamas. A lot has changed. Children have been introduced and strains have been added to other marriages.  What I had enjoyed about the first flick was the 'bond' between the couples as well as their bonds as girlfriends and guy friends.  In the second film, each character seemed to have changed and left a different feel to the film. The same actors were used but you could sense that they all were somehow not the same.  It's a movie I would watch again to see if I missed something in the theatre.. but I'm not sure I'd own this sequel.
 I loved the first movie "Why did I get Married and thought I would enjoy this one as well.  Whereas the first film dealt with serious marital issues there was also quite a bit of comedy laced in, which I liked.  The second one didn't have any comedy (or not much) and everything was so gut-wrenching and sad I almost couldn't take it. All of their problems were huge and just seemed so depressing-- it did make me cry a lot. It's very well acted but I guess I was looking for a little less serious themes, as in the first one.
 I didn't see the first movie so missed some of the back story.  Exceptional acting here and very touching performance by Janet Jackson.  Good values and practical information for marrieds.  Tyler Perry is a master at what he does - all different things - and this is one of the best.
 did not like the way it ended the first one why did i get married was much better and i did not like the way it eneded.
 Tyler Perry has been films about marital problems and women struggling to find a foothold (mostly African American)for several years, these films have been successful and have found a niche audience. Mostly his films are very well made and have good plotlines. WDIGM2 is a sequel to WDIGM and supposedly tries to move the story forward. At the heart of the story is Patricia (Janet Jackson) and her suffering husband Gavin (Malik Yoba). Terry ( Tyler Perry)  who suspects his wife Diane (Sharon Leal) is cheating on him, Angela (Tasha Smith) is convinced her husband Marcus (Michael Jai White), is cheating on her. Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to former sheriff Troy (Lamman Rucker), having relocated cannot find a job. These suffering couples meet at a marriage retreat in the Bahamas (so lovingly captured ) to reflect on their marriages. Trouble starts when Mike (Richard T Jones), Jill Scotts ex husband arrives. The film follows these couples and their imploding marriages. The actors do a decent job and Janet Jackson is an improvement. Tyler Perry directs and once again does a decent job in making this very predictable tale interesting partly because he is skilled in his craft. Production values are superb but I wish that they had concentrated on the script a tad bit more. On the whole, I enjoyed the movie and yes, there is going to be a sequel. I gave it three stars. 10/27/10
 success sprouts triteness with rapidly produced projects.  Perry needs to go back to the drawing board
 I gave it three stars because Janet Jackson was good. 5 stars for her.3 stars for her and the whole movie. Tyler Perry is using the same material. Nothing changed. Angela in the airport acting like a fool was really dumb. But Janet was awesome. I loved her. Other than that I can do without.
 The Movies are Great classics and that is the only reason I did not send them back. They could had done a better job on recording to the DVDs. Video and Audio Quality was some what ok on 2 or 3 movies, but even then they looked as if they use no Contrast,and a continually alot of spotty snow, crackle audio.
 I was a little disappointed by the brevity and lack of substance or suspence. But these movies were made a long time ago and I did enjoy seeing the great stars from that era.
 Consistently beautiful and interesting composition and staging. Completely unengaging on an emotional level. I found myself often appreciative of what I was seeing but caring not at all about what I was watching.
 The Bottom Line
 This is one of the great European films, and it's just great that it has been given an almost proper release, BUT, there are HUGE bright YELLOW subtitles almost right in the MIDDLE of the screen. Why? This makes the film almost unwatchable. They are so OBTRUSIVE it is almost better watching the dubbed version. Don't buy this. Wait and see if there is a less horrible version released in Europe.
 I enjoyed Clouseau as always.  I was glad to add this DVD to my collection.  The service was also good.
 "Scary Movie parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Blair Witch Project will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves.  This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
 It's a funny movie, though funny-stupid. It's the parody of couple of the movies, which makes it even more interesting and funny. "I know what you did last summer", "Scream", and "The Matrix are couple of the movies that you might recognize while watcing Scary movie. It's dumb, but it's funny. You don't have to think a lot while watchig it. Fun to watch with a group of people.
 Silly humor is probably one of the trickiest art forms.  Parodies also fall into that category.  And this film is a perfect examples of what separates an amusing movie from a classic.  To begin with, a lot of this humor is just too lowbrow.  I have nothing against lowbrow, but gross out jokes get old real fast, so you've got to have something else.  Unfortunately, this movie has too many one joke scenes that stretch on too long.  It's a very fine line between funny and kind of stupid, and clearly the Wayans Bros. don't always know the difference.  The other fatal flaw involves parodies.  When you make a beat-for-beat parody, you risk losing the part of the audience that hasn't seen what you're making fun of.  There were jokes here based on fads I had to strain to remember.  And we're talking about a movie made about five years ago.  It's an okay film with a few chuckles.  Nothing special.  If you're a fan of the genre, you'll probably enjoy it once or twice.  But that's about it.
 i liked this movie alot, but there were some things that were boring and sexual. If you want a funny movie this is it, but be ready for some R scenes. WARNING
 This would be a great movie to watch with a large group of people. THere are far too many, shall we say, disgusting parts to actually sit down and watch this one on your own. While Scary Movie does have its moments (The I know what you did last summer (or Halloween) scene is great), there are enough other problems to overshadow the funny parts. Had they left out most of the sex jokes, it would have been a much better movie.
 Parody films are always a dicey venture. They're the easiest type of comedy to do, but can be the hardest to do right. SCARY MOVIE actually pulls it off, but not enough to call it a success.  Strike One
 I'm hardly a fan of bathroom humour in general and watched this movie expecting to sneer at it.  But I ended up enjoying it.  Quite a bit.  It's actually nice to see a movie that's not only totally bonkers and completely no-holds-barred in its crude humour, but also has no pretenses whatsoever to being anything greater -- and therein lies the charm of Scary Movie. The best thing about this movie is newcomer Anna Faris.  Despite the presence of comedy stalwarts like the Wayans brothers and Shannon Elizabeth (Dish Dogs, American Pie), Faris easily walks off with the movie with her Katie Holmes impression.  By taking some of the more outrageous gags seriously, Faris makes funny gags even funnier, and every time her arrow-straight treatment of scenes metamorphoses into an absurd gag, the contrast is delicious. Most importantly, Scary Movie treats its own absurdity with a grain of salt.  Absurdity is an overused device, and many an indie film has sunk to the bottom because of self-importance and a holier-than-thou  hip  factor.  Scary Movie never tries to make any grand statements, and instead of trying to pretend to be a satire (eg. South Park), it is content to remain a parody and therefore is easier to warm to.  It realizes that nothing this heavyhanded can be truly satirical and succeeds by keeping its ambitions small. My one objection lies in the amount of violence against women.  I have to admit, the funniest scene for me is the  I'll kill you myself  scene, but it gets to be a bit much.  Was it really necessary to see the broken leg, for example?  Or the garage-door gag, which isn't even all that funny?  Violence against women is a motif in slasher films, but in a comedy like this, too much of it adds an unpleasant tone. The DVD edition, aside from the ability to select chapters, really doesn't carry much unless you have a DVD-ROM.  I don't, so I'm relegated to just one short, fairly obvious documentary about the concept of the movie (not great, though not bad), and some deleted scenes.  One of these is terrific, but I can't help thinking this DVD edition a little short on bonus material.  Perhaps the bulk of it is in the DVD-ROM -- still, couldn't they have let us DVD-player owners in on it?
 Simultaneously the funniest and most pathetic movie I've ever seen. How does Scary Movie accomplish that? Easy. They take some truly hilarious dialogue and sprinkle it with perhaps the most hackneyed plot and scripting ever seen in motion pictures. This movie would have been so much better if it didn't constantly make reference to the fact that they were following a script. That worked in movies like I'm Gonna Get You Sucka and Hollywood Shuffle, but Scary Movie totally overdoes it by using it as a means of progressing the  plot .  Anyway, the movie is still worth seeing only for the insanely funny killer and rips on Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Everything else should be ignored if at all possible.
 This movie was entertaining. It spoofed on all of the scary movies of the past 5 years and it did a great job. It wasn't a stupid comedy like we are  used to. Carmen Electra was beautiful like usual, even though her character  was short-lived. The Wayans perfectly fit the characters. There were so  many parts that I was amazed they kept in the movie, I am glad somebody  didn't try to cut them out. Too much censorship now-a-days. The movie is  not a mind challeging experience, but one you can just sit back and enjoy.  It runs less than two hours, which is nice. If you are a fan of comedies,  aren't looking for a serious movie and aren't easily offended, you will  enjoy this film.
  Scary Movie  parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as  Scream ,  I Know What You Did Last Summer ,  The Sixth Sense , and  The Blair Witch Project  will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves. This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
 i thought it was very crude and disgusting, but kinda funny in a way. like, for example, i don't think that a guy shoving his penis through another guy's ear or someone taking a pic of a guys small penis is funny. but i think that a woman trying to get through a whole in a garage door is funny, lol. but i guess it was alright. i give it 3-1/2 stars
 Scary Movie, definitely cleaner than its sequel, has its funny parts and its idiotic parts...The first 15 to 20 minutes is hilarious, but the rest of the film just has bits and pieces that are funny. Little of the raunchiness is funny, but you kind of have to laugh for its failed attempt...Scary Movie rates 3 out of 5 for its effort and its 15 minutes of fame...otherwise this film is poor...
 Okay, come on, you didn't really expect a parody to be scary, did you? But neither was SCREAM, and it was still a brilliant movie. Right off the bat, I'm going to say that I enjoyed nearly every minute of watching SCARY MOVIE. So why only 3 stars? For a start, not all the jokes work. Many of them are hilarious, from the simple stuff like the first  fart joke  to the parody of  Amistad / Titanic , and the way the actors recite their lines virtually verbatum from SCREAM, but in a way to make you realize just how ridiculous the lines sounded. Others however, like the cheap  Matrix  spoof and the  it's like we're in a movie  jokes, are neither funny nor original. The creators of SCARY MOVIE knew that not all the jokes would work. Their answer is to throw them at you so fast that before you can start to really hate one, they move you on to the next. With regards to acting, the performances are corny, and they know it. That's what makes it so funny. The actors who play Bobby and Greg, however, seem to be taking their roles a little too seriously. Anna Faris, who plays Cindy, does a great job of treading the fine line between being ridiculous and being too sincere. All in all, this is an enjoyable movie. The DVD doesn't contain that much in the way of extras, but it's worth the price. The nice thing about this movie is that you'll find something to enjoy whether you're a SCREAM fan or a SCREAM hater, because it both mercilessly attacks it and gently pokes fun at it at the same time.
  Scary Movie  is getting a lot of comparisons to  Airplane  and its spiritual descendants, the  Naked Gun  movies. And while that's cleary what's intended,  Scary Movie  falls far short of the mark. For one thing, the secret to the success of  Airplane  wasn't that every joke was a gem. Rather, the jokes came so fast and furious that you eventually found one that made you cry with laughter. And with multiple jokes a minute, that ended up being a pretty good amount of laughs.  Scary Movie,  though, is a Wayans brothers film, and is paced more like the superior  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka,  which took on the blacksploitation film genre. In both films, a great deal of time is spent recreating an authentic environment -- much of  Scary Movie  is shot-for-shot identical to  Scream  or  I Know What You Did Last Summer  -- and inviting the audience to laugh at it. That works for  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka  -- the films of the 1970s were already so ridiculous that only time and distance were needed to make them hilarious -- but not so well for  Scary Movie,  as nothing's particularly funny about looking out of the back window of Carmen Electra's house and seeing the exact same shot of the backyard pool that opened  Scream.  It's technically impressive, but not funny in itself. Beyond that, the Wayans brothers this time around are obsessed with male genetalia, homosexuality and women's feelings about oral sex, with a few fart jokes thrown in. If that's the height of humor to you, grab this movie, and godspeed. But if you are hoping there's more, the bad news is that there's not much else to recommend this movie. We get some spot-on impersonations of the actors of  Scream  and IKWYDLS, some surprising non-horror spoofs tossed in (including one very nice one for when the real killer is revealed) and several scenes that have good shock value to them, but if you know they're coming, they're really not all that funny. (The movie theater bathroom scene parodying the opening of  Scream 2  could have been much funnier if the writing had actually gone farther than it did, which is unusual for a movie that doesn't otherwise ever NOT go too far.) The biggest surprise of this movie, really, is Carmen Electra, in this film's counterpart role to that of Drew Barrymore in the original  Scream.  For the first time ever, she shows that she can actually act. She also gleefully tears into her own public persona, from the men she  dates  to the secret of her career-making figure. The movie is diminished once her part ends, and -- hard to believe I'm saying this -- hopefully some director will have noticed what she does in this movie and gives her a chance to be more than a sexpot in some other film. None of this is to say that  Scary Movie  is a bad movie -- my wife and I are big fans of the  Scream  series (well, the first two, at least), and we found this to be a fun rental -- but it just doesn't merit repeat viewings like  Airplane,   The Naked Gun  or  I'm Gonna Get You Sucka  do. This is a rental.
 Scary Movie is a spoof of recent  horror movies (I Know what you did Last  Summer, Scream, Scream 2, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project)   and it even makes fun of non-horror films like (The Usual Suspects,   Titanic and The Matrix). When it's not making fun of movies though   it's making fun of everything else, how this movie round up with an   R-Rating and isn't NC-17 is beyond me because I don't think I've seen   so many penis jokes, gay jokes, or racist jokes in one movie. Scary Movie   offers alot of laughs but what got me giggling the most was the special-ed   student and part-time security guardd Doofy, the retarted deputy who's   obviously poking fun at Dewey from Scream. He was the showstealer   for me because all his lines were just hilarious and were delivered   great by Dave Sheridan. Also good in their roles are Shawn   Wayans as a gay football player who slaps the butt of each player   as they go by in the lockerroom, Marlon Wayans as a pot smoking horror   film buff. Newcomer Anna Faris as Cindy gets alot of laughs as well.   She has alot of funny scenes where she actually pokes fun at herself   alot of times in the movie and is just totally natural about it which   makes her scenes work even better. If you thought (There's Something   About Mary, American Pie or Road Trip) were raunchy well then you've   seen nothing until you've seen Scary Movie. Don't get me wrong some   jokes don't work but most of them do. Scary Movie is the funnest time   I've ever had at the movies, I can't recall the last time I laughed   so hard. It's the first time I can actually say that I really enjoyed   a stupid movie.
 One of the raunchiest multi-spoofing flicks to come across the way in a long time, the Wayans brothers have surprisingly succeeded in drawing audiences in for their eye-popping sight gags and flagrant innuendo, grossing millions of dollars in the process and earning the begrudging respect of films critics everywhere. It borrows themes from quite a few blockbusters, the main ones being  Scream  (1 and 2 of the tiresome trilogy) and  I Know What You Did Last Summer , teen-mania slashers that were BEGGING to be satirized. It also pokes fun at the quixotic visual effects of  The Matrix , makes mention of the M. Night Shyamalan Oscar-starved film  The Sixth Sense  and borrows renowned cinematic techniques from  The Blair Witch Project  and  Titanic . There are probably many more bits and pieces of other movies I've missed while watching it, but the broadly vulgar material makes it hard to recognize.  Scary Movie  is the athenaeum... of toilet humor carried by the no-holds-barred directorial style that the Wayans brothers offer. Some of it was almost too much to handle for certain people; they claimed that  Scary Movie  was hurdling the boundaries of bad taste and that the rating systems should've bequeathed unto it an NC-17 classification on account of its appalling gags and the impropriety of full-frontal male nudity... It also makes blatant jokes about homosexuality and the minorities (ex. - Anna Faris types the words  White woman in trouble  to hastily summon the police in an emergency).  Although we have witnessed many a character performance before from the creators of this picture, the other cast members are amusing and memorable. First off, we have Anna Faris (a blue-eyed version of Katie Holmes) portraying the crisis-ridden Sidney from the Scream films, a victim of her own stupidity. Her character is aptly named Cindy Campbell and she is the straightest performance in this movie, making the laugh quotient that much more abundant. Remember Nadia, the sexy exchange student from the teen sex farce  American Pie ? Shannon Elizabeth is back, this time playing a complete airhead as Buffy Gilmore, a carbon copy of Rose McGowan's bimbo in  Scream  (and she gets slaughtered just as quickly). Dave Sheridan (a poor man's Jim Carrey) is a little tough to take at times with his overexerted and shameless interpretation of Doofy, Buffy's mentally-handicapped brother. As always, SNL's Cheri O'Teri is a riot as the Gayle Weathers replica Gail Hailstorm, the fanatical TV reporter who chews people up and spits them out without a second thought. James Van Der Beek makes an amusing cameo, but the most brazen performances come from the Wayans brothers themselves. First, we have Marlon - haven't we seen this before? He's not really an actor, although he seems to think that his doobie-smoking, low-intellect dude routine will never wear thin. He played virtually the same part in  Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood . Shawn is not much more impressive (he's more annoying, in fact) except that he's more wiry here than in  Don't Be A Menace... . On the whole, they are virtually the same person. Their brother (and more prudent filmmaker) Keenan makes a brief cameo in the aforementioned  Titanic  premise. I think what really kept this film up in the air for so long was its fearlessness and the Wayans brothers...attitude about their crass masterpiece. When making an omelette, eggs must be broken and Marlon and Shawn are gleefully chomping on the shells in the midst of their million-dollar success. For those who have a sensitive palette regarding sex, drugs and violence, this is not your taste. Seek other flavorsome fare in the PG department.  Scary Movie  is warts and all.
 This is definitely a film aimed at teenagers and students. I've seen worse, it was fairly funny in places, but don't expect anything too much. One to watch with friends when your bored.
 This movie makes you laugh histarically, but it's jokes are somewhat repititious and if you see this movie more than 3-4 times, you get bored.
 Well, what can I say?  If you have been reading the other reviews, you know of the films major problem
 Every genre has it's spoof so it should come as no surpirse that 'Scary Movie' was made.  If not for the writing talents of the Wayan's Brothers it could have been much worse, but at least it manages to be entertaining.  The DVD offers some nice behind the scenes footage and deleted scenes which make purchasing the film worthwile.  All in all, it's worth purchasing (if you have a coupon).
 I have to give this a okay rating.  It was not a terrible movie but it's nothing ground breaking or great.  I was mostly interested in this movie because of the drinks.  The acting and dialogue can get pretty bad in this movie.  But if you enjoy a &#34;bar film,&#34; this is not a bad one.  Considering it's from the 80s, it is a good movie but there are other bar films that top this.
 not sure what the problem is, or if its even the fault of the actual dvd, but the picture quality is pretty awful.  its grainy, and dark.  i get a better picture when im' watching something on regular tv, on a station that is NOT HD.  other than that, it was delivered quickly which was nice, just the quality has bummed me out a bit...
 ... I thought I was in for a turkey, but found myself watching a pretty decent flick. Yeah it's poorly made and the camer crews shadows can be seen in a few frames, but it is still a pretty good movie. Tom Cruise plays an ambitious young man who arrives in New York City and becomes known as a flashy bartender in a hot club. After falling for Elisabeth Shue's girl-next-door character, however, his desire for success causes him to travel down a more selfish path with an older woman. The film, directed by Roger Donaldson, is built on entirely on appearances and flash. The more interesting and underlying themes, however, particularly the hero's obvious Oedipal dilemmas, are lost beneath this window dressing, as if everyone involved was afraid to commit to the story's intrinsic value. All in all, unless you're a die hard Tom fan, there isn't much here for you, but if you just don't have anything better to do I suppose it's okay to watch, you know on those days where there is nothing on t.v. and it's raining outside.
 This movie brings back so many wonderful memories of my cousin, sisters and I singing along, just being silly! Great movie...one of the VERY few roles I think he did well at
 When the very first line uttered is internally inconsistent and utter nonsense it gives you a good idea what you're in for. The things people will see this for are well done, physics defying action pieces but there's never any real suspense because the whole thing is completely predictable - like a really expensive Roadrunner cartoon.  I heard that Dwayne Johnson put on thirty pounds of muscle for this role. I'm not sure why. The role doesn't require it. My guess is that he wanted to make sure he looked like a credible opponent for his fight with Vin Diesel, but he ended up looking like he could snap Vin in half without trying so the fight lost credibility anyway.
 One of the better of the F&F series, but it's like watching Ocean's Eleven (2001) on steroids. Plenty of action, but more shoot 'em up than the rest of the series. I guess you got to have lots of shooting with "The Rock in a movie. Probably in his contract. Anyhow it's fast and bloody, so it will be a big hit. Look forward to the next one, since the ending shows a tease about who comes back from the dead next time.  Nothing else to say that already hasn't been said. Good movie, but not fantastic.
 Was this film part of the Fast and Furious series or "The Italian Job 2"? At times I wasn't sure. A lot less street racing and nice cars in this film, a lot more over-the-top action scenes and steroid-enhanced testosterone. Oh well, at least it was better than Tokyo Drift!  Ranked in order of enjoyability
 This one was different from the rest. There was a lot more drama, and talking, mixed with some action. I guess I had high hopes for even A LITTLE more racing scenes is this whole movie.  It was more of an action movie with guns and muscles than what the original The Fast and The Furious started with.  Even though the director said they're trying to "evolve", get away from the racing stuff. It was a little disappointing to only see one real race, which wasn't exciting at all.  Then when you think there's going to be a race, they edit it out completely.  Probably because we know whose going to win in the end, sure, but it's still fun to watch.  "The Rock (Dwayne Johnson) was a great addition to the movie. His character in this playing "Hobbs was hunting down Dom, Brian and the team.  Also bringing back some of the other characters from the four movies before his one was a great addition.  I don't know, you be the judge.  If you like action movies with guns blazing mixed with some standard cars and destruction. Then you may like this movie.  If you only liked the other other fast and furious movies before this because of the street racing, cars, or feel of it.  You may or may not be disappointed.
 A great set-piece and stunt near the beginning of the movie and a marvelously destructive chase scene at the end but nothing much between the two events.  Fans of the franchise will no doubt be well pleased.  Fans of knuckle-headed action movie can probably find better stuff to waste their time on.  'A-Team' for example was a much better knuckle-headed waste of time.
 I had heard pretty good things about this movie; that it was by far the best of the series etc....It really wasn't that good.  It was ok, for an action movie, but not worth the $20 for a blu ray.
 Though I bought and downloaded the HD version, the portable copy that I moved to my Galaxy Tab 10.1 is so grainy Toreto looked like bald Mario on Atari. I suggest Amazon would offer a variation of movie video screen size formats to match with a portable player, not just "one screen size fits all".
 Throughout the entire saga, it has always been about cars and the street racing scene... You had RX-7 (twice), Supra (twice), Skyline GTR 33, Skyline GTR 34 (twice), Evolution (twice), that super sexy Veilside RX-7 in Tokyo Drift, the monster Doge Challenger with the massive blower sticking out, S2000 (twice), Saleen Mustang, Corvette, Doge Viper, super trucks, NSX ,RX-8, Silvia, and 350Z just to name a few and most of these cars were in involved stunts that anyone who claims to be mildly interested in cars will find exciting.... Sadly, this movie does not have that aside from a short drifting sequence which was a bit played out since you had a whole movie dedicated to drifting, right!?  I had much higher expectations for this movie, I'm not saying that it wasn't tolerable, but it was more about the characters Dom and Brian than it was about the cars the street racing scene than the rest of the saga... you could have taken away the Fast & Furious name and it would have worked even better as a movie... because people didn't have those expectations associated with the name.  The movie  is exciting, at times predictable, and I think playing to the drum of Hollywood where everything is Brazil these days, but that's fine too. The addition of all those characters from the entire saga was cool to see but they added little value to resolving the plot... I mean adding so many super drivers didn't do something that say other drivers that Dom could have rustled up in Brazil could have done...  Now... my biggest tiff with this movie... The cars! Sure there were some really cool cars there, like the Classic Vette (a monster of a car!), Ford GT40, Dom's Doge, the Porsche, 350Z, and a few others... but the cars didn't really do much besides that short drift sequence!! Less than 5% of the movie! Really think about it... compare it to the other movies in the saga... there's not much there about the cars themselves... it was more about the characters and resolving a situation / plot!  I'm not going to even discuss the ending with safe stunt... I think others have torn the flesh off of that one enough! But the ending... oh man, how can you just end it with a shot of the GTR and the Doge like that... you had a brand new GTR and you never used it for the movie!!! RETARDS!!! Had they not done that at the end I would have been much happier with this movie!! It should have been more about the cars and the street racing scene!
 The movie was fantastic but,has horrible language in it.You can't see a good action movie anymore without it saying offensive language and it was a dissapointment.
 I ordered this movie which was supposed to be in "brand new perfect condition", I received it far from promptly which wasn't was a big deal but when I opened the package the case was smashed in (when it was stated case in perfect condition, still in orginal wrapping and everything) and also when I played the movie it had a glitch in it (the movie freezes during one scene)I had to start the movie all over and fast forward to the next chapter completely. So that was upsetting considering I was expecting a movie in brand new condition which obviously means no scratches or skipping. The movie itself I loved, first time I saw it (which is why it was even more frustrating I had to miss the whole part where it stops working, during the last car chasing scene too!)
 You can't give this movie 5 stars...you just can't. It is far from perfect, also it is cliche'.  Oiled up muscle bound guys looking straight out of the gym, hot ladies in slim bikini's, racial jokes, stereotypes, people walking in slow motion while explosions disperse behind them and they are unaffected in their motivational attitude, impossible survival scenes that would kill you 100% of the time, etc.  BUT...if that stuff is what you are looking for or doesn't bother you, this movie is very enjoyable.  There were parts of this movie as a cynic I was like "hey wait a minute".  But after my girlfriend was like "It's just a movie".."just watch it  I sat back in the theater and thought well then to heck with it and it was very enjoyable.  Like an adult cartoon.  Sure characters
 In 2001, the first film in The Fast and the Furious franchise was released in theaters. And truth be told, until now it was the only film in the franchise that I'd seen. The films are all about cars and little to nothing else, so if you're like me and are the rare breed of man who doesn't give a crap about cars then the franchise isn't really something you're incredibly enthusiastic about. Ten years and over $955 million worldwide box office dollars later, Fast Five, the fifth film in the franchise, has been released. Fast Five is over the top in every sense of the word yet still doesn't stray too far from what fans love about the franchise.  Fast Five is mostly outrageous car sequences for over two hours. Just crazy and practically impossible stuff that Criss Angel would be pressed to pull off on his best day. The use of CG during the finale of the car chase with the bank vault is probably the best example. Hell, anything with the cars pulling the bank vault through the city really. Maybe it's because I skipped three movies, but a handful of insanely talented drivers trumping an entire police force seems really ridiculous to me. Not to mention the main drug lord in Rio. Remember Alien vs Predator? Both movies were awful, but just think of what could have been. One of the things that made the Aliens so dangerous was their vast numbers. I mean the second movie was mostly one Predator against an entire battalion of Aliens. Despite how well the Predator first started off, he eventually gave in to the massive horde of Aliens. That seems like the logical way to end things. It'd be like one man trying to fight an entire army. Things aren't going to be pretty yet Fast Five just tells you that, "Nah, sometimes Superman lends his powers to other people...and they use those powers to drive cars.  That doesn't mean Fast Five isn't entertaining at times. The massive amount of destruction alone is awe inspiring. Fast Five is less about racing cars and more about pulling off one last job while dodging the cops. It's partially a heist film, which is a pleasant surprise. That same chase involving the bank vault is unbelievable, but it's also unbelievably entertaining. You'll lose count of how many cars get totaled or thrown off a bridge during the finale. Fast Five is at its best when metal is scraping against metal and when speeds are well over the speed limit.  I almost feel like Fast Five would've been better if it had even less of a story since it's fairly simple and mostly just a front for everyone to drive fast and destroy the streets of whatever town they're in once again anyway. So because a job went bad and because family is the most important thing, a group of incredibly skilled drivers attempt to steal every dime from the biggest crime lord in Rio? It just seemed like seeds were planted in the film to take the franchise in a new direction. Sequels seem like they will be more heist oriented and that could be interesting with cars like this being involved, but Fast Five felt like it fell kind of flat in the long run. Like it was juggling heists, racing, cars, the FBI, appropriate screen time and lines for each returning character in addition to new ones, and throwbacks to characters that weren't even there this time around rather than focusing on a few of those things rather than all of them to make the entire film stronger. That doesn't mean the film won't make a killing because it's guaranteed to, but the film offers cars, hot girls, and a lot of outrageous destruction. People looking for a more well-rounded film will walk away disappointed.  After being asked what I thought of the film, I replied, "It was...okay-ish, I guess. That's pretty much the best way to describe Fast Five. It isn't terrible, but it probably isn't worth steep movie ticket prices either. If you're a die-hard fan of the franchise, then you can expect a pretty similar experience. The flashy and unrealistic destruction depicted on screen will probably be what you take away most from it. Fast Five does offer some decent popcorn entertainment. If you can leave your brain at home, it's a pretty wild ride. Otherwise Fast Five feels fairly similar to Transporter 2, which isn't a compliment at all.
 Of course you have to suspend your disbelief to enjoy the films that make up the Fast & Furious franchise. The first four made for an exhilirating theatrical ride. The 5th installment was just too ridiculous even for the most vivid of imaginations. The gang of loveable lawbreakers were pretty much transformed into a squadron of super heroes who can take on any army...in this case, the Rio Police Department. The movie trailer has already shown us parts of the infamous action sequence where Diesel and Walker drive off a cliff, manage to seperate themselves from the car in mid air, and land unscathed in a lake (there should've been a pair shark fins protruding from the water, if ya' catch my drift.) I won't spoil the ending, but since when were those fast little cars known for their towing capabilities? Although the film makers went over the top this time, the rating doesn't deserve anything below 3 stars. The stunts and CGI were exciting, and you got to respect the stunt men and women who are risking life and limb to entertain us. It was nice to see Tyrese, Ludacris, and Jordana Brewster come back, and Dwayne Johnson was a great addition.
 The movie was excellent thats really the reason I bought it.  However it did not come with its original case which I really hated.  I collect movies and without the case it was pointless buying it from this buyer.
 This review is just about the Blu-ray disc itself. For me this is an excruciating poor BD to navigate. I have an older Panasonic BD30 player, and I realize that that might make things extra slow for me. But this disc is slow to load and as happens on Blu-ray Discs at their worst, I pay a steep penalty for watching a feature on the extras menu - at the end of every feature I have to wait what seems like a really long time for the disc to return me the the previous menu. Also, pausing the disc too long puts me into some sort of Universal wallpaper that offers no clue as to how to get back to where I was. It was trial and error to find a remote sequence that worked, and in one case I just had to power down/power up the player to get off this screen. Super annoying, and I know this can be part of BDs in general bit this disc is as bad as I've seen in that regard. There is a lot of interesting extra content to watch, but the super-annoying BD process wastes a lot of time in between them. Sometimes I like to browse these or skim them to see if they are interesting to me. Or if I'm short on time, power watch the extras. But there's no way to get through these fast and that's BD at its most annoying.
 This is a fun movie to watch - lots of action, really sweet fast cars, very hot women (But there's one that's a little too skin and bones for me...) but several are very HOT... - I've seen all 5 of the fast and furious movies and this is the best of the 5, the first is very good also.  Some of the stunts were obviously very dangerous and I was like no way they'd be dead (over and over again) - sometimes my prior physics/engineering training keeps me from really enjoying a movie because I can see how unrealistic they are ...  but it's fun and some of the scenes are just classic ..  it's a little slow at times and lost my attention - so that's why I'm giving this 3 stars because if it could keep me glued then it would get more - and it isn't getting more because it isn't realistic enough to hold my attention all the way but honestly it's a very fun movie to watch - enjoy
 Fast Five is the latest in the action-driven, visually stunning, Fast and the Furious series. I would think it's the last installment, but these days I suppose anything is possible. It begins with brother and sister Dom and Mia Toretto (Vin Diesel and Jordana Brewster) along with ex-law enforcement officer Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) as wanted fugitives on the move and in need of gainful, thought not legal, employment. Once they find a job and prove unsuccessful in performing it, they are now sought by a drug kingpin and faux philanthropist who contracted them in the first place.    Rather than knuckle under or retreat, the trio decides to bankrupt their unscrupulous foe, and thereby render him powerless. For this they need help and that is the reason they bring any living associates they from the previous films that played a significant role. All the while their nemesis has informed the American authorities as to their location in an effort to spoil their plans. Enter The Rock, playing U.S. Marshal Luke Hobbs, with the unflinching assistance of the Rio police, who are paid agents of the aforementioned kingpin. In addition, Hobbs has a very rigid view of his responsibility for the larger portion of the film.    Fast Five isn't anything its predecessors weren't. Save for a little misdirection at the end. It's about beautiful cars, beautiful women, and the occasional fistfight or shootout. In that regard it's a success.
 I don't mind if the BluRay is double sided or if they offer two or more Discs. I do care about buying a movie in BluRay movie and get subpar quality. The movie is VERY good, the audio (DTS 5.1) and subtitles are VERY good. The video quality is very poor, I know the film was supposed to be grainy, I own the DVD and I saw the movie in the Theaters, but the transfer makes the grain move like ants. IF, in the future, Universal decides to take things seriously and make a better transfer; I'll buy it because the movie is so good. Meanwhile, I think I prefer to watch it on DVD than in BluRay.  I love it when movies are released in BluRay format, I really can't wait for many titles to be released in this format, but please, Studios should build credibility for this format by doing it RIGHT, not just GOOD ENOUGH. Is this the new AMERICAN Mentality?
 I think this is a very well put together history of F1, with some content that overlaps other DVDs I have but this title seems much more complete.  However, in this video you will spend a lot of time looking at parked cars while listening to a narrative of their accomplishments, leaving a bit to be desired as far as seeing them in action on track from the cockpit or the tv cameras.  The extra features include some text describing interesting incidents of various champion drivers - this is again the kind of material I would have preferred to see, not read about.
 The animation doesn't flow very smoothly, but the music is wonderful.  My daughter was still singing the songs weeks after we returned this video to the rental store.  She has been asking for it for her birthday. (4 years  old) Followed the story fairly closely. Talking animals add to the fun.
 This was a movie we rented through Amazon/Roku because Netflix didn't have it.  Interesting to have movie Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon) in scenes with TV Oscar Madison (Jack Klugman) where Felix is the drunk and Oscar is the voice of sobriety.  Not great (a little Alcoholics Anonymous preachy and the characters aren't terribly likable), but a nice cheap evening.
 I have not seen the original television film from which this was based, but I hear that it was not a comedy in the least.  Now, just because you cast Jack Lemmon doesn't mean you're automatically going to get a comedy, for he'd proven that he could at least attempt to tackle drama, but at this stage in his career he was much more suited for the comedic side of life.  That's why it is so surprising that a film this unsure of whom it really is falls on Lemmon to bring a sense of stability.  He actually manages, above anyone else in the cast, to deliver all that is required of him.  He's witty and funny when needed, charming when needed and dramatically sound when needed.  He's the films shining moment.  Sadly, in my personal opinion (which I see is very uncommon here), the rest of the film is a mess.  The rest of the performances are either awkward or just incomplete (or seemingly insincere) and the script is so `all over the place' that it's hard to decide just what kind of movie this really wants to be.  I had these same sentiments after watching Scorsese's `Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore', another film that couldn't decide if it wanted to be a comedy or a drama.  It's not that they can't be both, for there are many dramedies that work; black comedies that understand the balance needed between funny and serious.  The issue I have with this film is that it doesn't know how to mesh the two together properly.  It winds up feeling rather awkward, not knowing if we're supposed to laugh or cry and so we just become frustrated.  The film tells the story of Joe Clay, a public relations man who enjoys a good stiff drink.  He falls in love and marries Kirsten Arnesen, a spunky young secretary who is not a fan of the drink.  She has an addictive personality though, and so once Clay introduces her to alcohol she is instantly hooked.  They soon realize that, while they can't seem to enjoy themselves sober, their lives are being wrecked by their addiction.  After loosing job after job Joe finds the courage to at least attempt sobering up, but Kirsten finds it increasingly difficult to even contemplate a sober lifestyle.  I have a hard time thinking of the subject of addiction as anything less than horrifying, and so the films comedic undertones feel out of place to me.  I also felt that the film's script is rather manipulative in many areas, forcing us to take one viewpoint as apposed to presenting us with an honest portrait.  Look at `Trainspotting', a film that centers on the grotesque side of addiction with the element of humor and yet it remains startling and brutally truthful; something I did not find in this film.  If not for Lemmon I'd have to say that this was a waste of my time.  Lemmon is so good here.  He gets that balance I was talking about and he sells it rather well.  There is a scene where he is in a drunken rage trying to find a bottle of booze amidst a greenhouse full of potted plants and the scene is almost played out in a comical fashion, which appears almost campy at first, but he makes this switch towards the end of the scene that ties it all together and makes the humor work in an almost horrifying way.  Sadly, the rest of the cast couldn't pull that off.  I found Lee Remick very awkward throughout the entire film.  She couldn't get the comedy down and she fell flat and unrealistic in her dramatic scenes.  It's a shame, because I adored her in `Anatomy of a Murder' and was expecting her to just completely wow me here.  Charles Bickford was almost too serious for the film, so serious that he seemed out of place.  If the film had taken the tone it should have then his performance would have worked, but it just seemed a misfit for what Blake Edwards had going here.  It is probably one of Lemmon's finest performances, which is sad because it may be one of his weaker films.  The sad thing about the script is that it never really gets to the heart of the issue at hand.  It's a mere surface, no real depth to it.  Maybe it was the times, but it never really got down to the grit of addiction.  Everything seemed very textbook (the loud obnoxious drunk, the noticeable hangover, the negligence, the AA meeting), thus taking away from a feeling of realism.  I know that this will meet with criticism, for this seems to be a very well loved film.  What can I say, it just didn't work for me, and I really wanted it to.  Lemmon was one of the greatest actors to ever grace the big screen, and here he turns in a very smart and effective performance; I just wish that the rest of the film kept up with him.
 "Hobson's Choice, (1954), a classic British comedy, product of Shepperton Studios, runs a brisk 107 minutes in black and white. This feel-good domestic comedy was directed by the great multi-Oscar winning David Lean.  Boozy widower Henry Horatio Hobson (Charles Laughton--<a href="http
 Put in metaphorical terms, this movie is the equivilant to  ny-quil . It's like, why see this when you can see  Howard's End .  They're both the same movie, it's just that  Howard's End is a whole lot better.  Take about your snooze fest! Whoa is  this film slow, boreing and bothersome! The 3 stars are for Emma, Anthony,  and the money this movie saved me on sleeping pills.
 Mickey Rourke does a fine job making a P.I. look like an amoral thug. DeNiro supports as a client beyond reproach with a somewhat aloof demeanor.  There is murder, mayhem, voodooism, blood-letting, cannibalism, incest, brutality, and assorted other barbarisms. It does what it sets out to do rather successfully. You might find the foregoing colorfully filmed acts artfully accomplished and intriguing to experience as necessary fulfillment of the creative staffs concept. You might find them off-putting and good reason to eject the disc. In any case, be aware that this is not Sam Spade, the Thin Man or Marlowe.
 A seedy gumshoe (Mickey Rourke) works a missing persons case in New Orleans, unaware that he has a terrifying personal connection to it.  This connection and the true nature of his employer (Robert DeNiro) only become clear to him at the end of the film, but they should be clear to any attentive filmgoer long before that, even if you haven't read the Amazon review, which gives away a major plot revelation.  Director Alan Parker scores points for style, but his story is a constant barrage of horror movie and private eye conventions.  DeNiro's performance is broad, overly mannered, and clich&eacute;; the identity of his character is immediately apparent, robbing the revelation at the end of the film of its impact.  Parker's direction and interesting performances from Rourke and Lisa Bonet keep it watchable, but a bit more self-restraint and imagination would have improved this film a great deal./
 2-headed Shark Attack. Come on people, what were you expecting? This is the type of movie Ed Wood would have made had he been alive today, and it would have been the one he would've been remembered for. This is cheesy, this is bad. But at least, it's entertaining, unlike many of the high budget, high concept blockbusters these days, which are dull and unimaginative. The only reason I'm not giving this four stars is because of the disappointing ending. The filmmakers missed out on a great opportunity to set up the sequel
 2 headed shark attack is a good movie but it has some flaws to it. I will tell you about it in my review right now.  The bad things about this movie is that the asylum is lacking in computer graphics,the acting is ok but,is like the graphics it's kinda youtube graphics(the graphics are low classed). The camera working needs work because the movie is mostly computer graphics they need to show more stuff that does not need any computer graphics. Now the nudity scene it doesn't make any sense in this movie, they shouldn't have any nudity in it. When the shark was chasing the boat, the shark's only head left it was switching sides of it's body and it's pretty embrassing to do that. And finally about the story, this movie would be more better by showing how the shark came into being.  The good thing about this movie is that it has a good level of gore, nice level of violence, good action thats happening in some parts of the movie, some suspense. And maybe everybody would like a really good ending.  So keep telling what you feel about this movie ok.
 A 2-headed shark and Carmen Electra?  Man, I live for B-movies like this one, and nobody does it better than The Asylum.  I was a little worried when I saw Brooke Hogan in the cast list, but we're still talking about a bloodthirsty 2-headed shark on a rampage here (not to mention a gaggle of college girls in bikinis) - what could possibly go wrong?  I'll tell you what could go wrong and does go wrong in this movie - the entire cast is horrible.  You could have built a replica of the Trojan Horse from all of the wooden acting on display here.  And annoying!?  If I had to choose between getting eaten by a 2-headed shark and being shipwrecked with the characters in this movie, I would be giving "suicide by shark some serious consideration.  Naturally, there are also all sorts of continuity errors, bad special effects, and giant plot holes, but what else would you expect from The Asylum?  Heck, it's part of their B-movie rip-off charm, if you ask me.  So some kind of Podunk college offers some kind of Semester at Sea program, which leads to a bunch of scantily-clad college kids sunbathing, flirting, and goofing off onboard a boat while their professor futilely tries to teach them how to use a sextant.  I thought the professor looked like he should be Jerry O'Connell's stunt double (except he isn't a good enough actor to be a stunt double), and now I know why - it's Jerry O'Connell's brother Charlie.  Professor Babish does have one thing going for him, though - he's married to Carmen Electra's character (she's apparently some kind of doctor, but she can barely wrap an injured leg and apparently did her residency at a tanning salon).  Both of them are useless when the ship hits something in the water and suffers a small but significant hull breach.  Luckily, the ship happens to be a short distance away from an atoll, so the professor and kids take a dingy to the island while the crew tries to repair the ship.  That's about the time our two-headed shark shows up to ruin everyone's day.  I won't even try to describe all the stupid shenanigans that go on the rest of the way.  Even if these people didn't needlessly put themselves in danger time and time again, they would only be safe for so long because the atoll they're on is quickly sinking into the sea (which I take as a sign that God hated these characters as much as I did).  Geoff Ward deserves special mention, as he makes a strong run at "most annoying character ever as a brainless, muscle-bound punk whose arrogance is only rivaled by his cowardice.  Heck, Brooke Hogan plays the only character with half a brain in this entire movie.  Two scenes stick out in my mind.  At one point, a certain adult character falls and skins his leg - and cries about it like a two-year-old who had her favorite doll stolen.  You would think this guy is dying a most painful death, when all he really needs is a Band-Aid.  None of the people actually being eaten by the shark carry on like this putz.  The other scene is classic, though, and pretty much stands as the saving grace of the entire film.  The two-headed shark flips this one dude up into the air with his tail, dives down, and then jumps up to double-chomp the guy before he lands back into the water.  I had to rewind and watch that scene over again - it almost makes up for all of the horrible CGI effects and stock footage shots of the shark.  Speaking of bad special effects, the filmmakers originally wanted to have the shark's second head growing out of its forehead.  Now, that would have really been stupid.  I have to say I'm pretty disappointed with this film.  Mutant monster movies starring B- and C-grade actors is supposed to be The Asylum's bread and butter, but they really let me down with this one.  2-Headed Shark Attack does feature more gore than I'm used to seeing from The Asylum, but that's about the only positive thing I can take with me from this movie.
 Pros
 I have read so many mixed reviews about this but in the end, after all that waiting, I enjoyed it... it was a great, fun B Grade Movie and after seeing the great, and In my opinion scary/intense trailer for this epic looking movie I must say that this film although wasn't scary, was still a little over decent!  Plot
 2 Headed Shark Attack is a creature feature that is obviously trying to cash in on the minor success of Piranha 3D. And it's not a bad movie, but it lack the bloody shock value of Piranha. There is gore, but it's not over the top. If you like Sy-Fy original movies, you should check it out though, as it's better than a lot of the movies shown on the Sy-Fy Channel. And it's got Carmen Electra looking 20-something at 39.
 I know Republic had to be economy-minded, but this is ridiculous
 This is the 3rd of 4 Dick Tracy movie serials, as usual it features Ralph Byrd as Tracy, and that is pretty much where the similarity between the serials and the comic strip end.  And in typical serial fashion there are fights galore, lots of chasing, but it's all good fun, if you are interested in the Tracy serials, this wouldn't be the one to start with.  For some extra fun keep count of how many hats Dick loses throughout the 15 chapters!
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film. This film which is one of several involving the character Lemmy Caution remains popular to this day as one of the few science fiction films with no special effects. It is a good view of a technocratic society an has elements which at the time seemed like fantasy but in our computer age seems more feasible. The film also has a voice over that is really deep and raspy that sounds very interesting. The DVD does not have any special features but still is a good one to buy.
 There is no excuse for the exclusion of the English version from this DVD. After all, the lead actors (Karina, Constantine) did their own dubbing, and it was terrific. In the 1970s, the English version sporadically appeared on network TV in New York (always on Saturday afternoon, for some strange reason). It was always enjoyable, and I looked forward to finding it here in pristine quality, but no dice. Fortunately, I own a VHS copy.  Criterion keeps messing up stupendously on their supposedly "definitive DVD releases. For example, The Last Emperor was a 4-DISK release that OMITTED THE DIRECTOR'S CUT, which included over 50 minutes of previously unseen and totally exquisite footage, although it included the (useless) television version. WTF? I would ignore this as an anomaly, but the same was true of Godfather II (Criterion actually deleted footage, if one can believe that)!  Usually, I'm no fan of dubbed movies, but when the lead actors dub their own unique voices, it's unforgivable to exclude the English version, especially when one considers Criterion's prices. If they're trying to put themselves out of business, they're on the right track.
 The action in Alphaville is set in a future where everything is run by the big computer Alpha 60. It's hard to take this film seriously, the futuristic vision is very 1960s
 Not to be confused with 1958's Night of the Blood Beast, Blood of the Beast is a low-budget, independent horror film that dares to be different.  The result, in my opinion, is an artistic mish-mash that proves tedious in its over-pursuit of the avant-garde.  Not content to develop a unifying vision for the whole, director Georg Koszulinski employs different visual techniques as the movie evolves.  I just think he tried too hard, and the resulting lack of consistency diminishes the viewing experience.  The 67-minute film opens up with about ten minutes of stock footage from the two World Wars as the narrator brings us up to speed on the Third World War and the devastating impact it had on humanity.  With chemical weapons unleashed by both sides, the resulting draw reduced the globe's human population by a cool three billion souls and left 98% of Earth's surviving males sterile.  In order to propagate the species, scientists turned to cloning and seemed to enjoy remarkable success with their efforts.  Until, that is, the first strands reached the age of nineteen and a little flaw in their genetic code began turning them into, for lack of a better word, zombies.  The film basically centers on two different groups of people.  First, we have a trio of teenagers who were out hiking when the first strand mutation kicked in; they don't understand why a stranger ran up and sank his teeth into one guy's arm until they manage to be rescued by some of their friends.  This whole group of people ends up running for their lives as the night closes in.  On the flip side, we have a father and teenaged daughter holed up in a farmhouse with the Reverend, who has plenty to say on the subject of the unnatural clones and the apocalyptic scenario their creation has now wrought.  The story itself, as you can see, is rather pedestrian (with obvious similarities to Night of the Living Dead).  The cinematography, on the other hand, is anything but pedestrian.  Whenever anything actually happens to a character, the viewer's senses are bombarded with constantly fleeting images, including plenty of negatives (as in black and white turned inside out), all of it layered with murky visuals and artificial film defects (such as you would see at the start of old-timey film reels) - needless to say, it's very difficult to actually see whatever is taking place on the screen.  This lasts up until the last fifteen minutes or so of the film.  Those final segments are shot in the style of ye olde silent film, complete with place cards rather than actual dialogue by the actors.  Things really turn artsy-fartsy here, with symbology coming to the forefront.  We see, for example, a number of shots of cows staring at the camera - personally, I have no idea what that meant, but I can only assume it meant something.  I can't help but think Koszulinski must have watched The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari right before filming began, as this final portion of the film seemed quite evocative of early German impressionism.  I, frankly, got tired of it before the end.  The cinematography as a whole just didn't work for me because the director's efforts in this regard seemed too obvious.  Certainly, one must credit Koszulinski for his attempt to present the viewer with something different, but this film just lacks the subtlety to pull the whole thing off.  In other words, it looks and feels at all times like a student film.  Blood of the Beast is this director's first effort, however.  As he further develops his talents and refines his own true vision, Koszulinski has the potential to give us a film that will make him the talk of the town - or, at the very least, the underground.
 Both the music and DVD quality are good, well above average.  At first, I didn't find Dave's talking in between songs much of a problem.  By the end of the DVD, I realized that it had become a distraction for me and detracted from my overall enjoyment of the concert.
 If you liked Dave and Tim Live at Luther College, you'll enjoy this one as well.  It is the same dual-acoustic live performance without percussion, sax, bass and fiddle, but with an updated song list.  Dave plays the "straight man to keep the beat while Tim goes crazy up and down the frets.  Conservatives beware
 After hearing tons of recordings and live performances by Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds, I have to say I wasn't that impressed with this album. They seemed very unenthusiastic.  I was so excited to listen to it only to be very disappointed and I have only listened to it a few times, guess I'll sell it used on here!  If you want a great CD check out Into the Wild Soundtrack by Eddie Vedder!
 This isn't bad for what it is, but what drew me to Dave Matthews Band back in the mid-90's was just that... the band. Part of the appeal, to me, of Dave Matthews Band's music is their musicianship, both in-studio and on-stage. Every member brings something complementary to the overall sound, like pieces of a puzzle that fit together perfectly. So if you're a big fan of acoustic guitar work or you like DMB just because of Dave, go for it. But if you're a fan of the entire band and their overall sound, this may not be the best choice for you.
 Purchased this Blu-ray to test out my new hardware and it certainly shines, great sound and good looking video make this a true reference disc. The performance however, is not on par with the Luther college gig, and make no mistake, this is not the DMB so some may be dissapointed with the content. My biggest gripe though, is with Dave's inane babel between songs. This guy really needs to stick to the music and put a cork in it, kinda ruined the experience for me. Hey, maybe let Tim do the talking!
 I'm a big Dave Matthews fan - I've seen DMB 40+ times in concert and was excited to pick up the Live at Radio City Music Hall cd's.  After a couple of listens, I gotta admit that it's definitely pretty average in my opinion.  I keep waiting for a track to take off but even on my favorites (like #41) they just seem to languish.
 Sounds OK, but nothing really new.  It's great for the hard core fans...
 This is a great quality DVD and the music is great, but Dave acts like he's twacked out in some parts and talks way too much. If you're looking for a DVD to pop in and rock out to, this is not it. If you're looking for something to relax to, this is a good choice.
 Nice Blue ray, but wish it was on one disc and got rid of some of the so so songs. I also agree with the one reviewer that said he only watched this once in a year. I may watch it again but not anytime soon.
 Dave Matthews is great during a live performance.  You cannot go wrong.  Tim Reynolds however sounds like a little kid hitting the high keys on a piano, while you are trying to play a serious piece.  Maybe it worked during the performance, but it does not work on the CD.  This probably explains why this CD is cheaper than other live Dave Matthews Band CD's.  However, for the price, it is a good buy, just skip the pieces you don't like.
 What's with all his Live recordings with Tim sound the same?  They do that annoying guitar vibrato? Good songs, good singing.  Enjoyable cd, just feels like more of the same with Dave. Tim plays well but people that think he is a guitar G-D need to seriously take a step back and listen to some of the 80's and 70's guitar legends.  Those guys had as much if not more talent than Tim.  Tim is a GREAT guitarist, but not the end all be all of rock artists.
 When I listen to music I want to be left feeing high. This dvd was a tad depressing ...Musically, it is great, Reynolds is a wizard on the guitar and the chemistry is awesome.  I just don't wanna hear Dave babbling on about mistreated soldiers, blah, blah, blah...the dvd comes with the story in print, which *should* be read and brought to people's attention, just not during what should be an uplifting musical experience.  Who wants to hear bummer stories @ a concert!?  Not me personally.  It left me feeling like i had just watched a benefit show for wounded vets...In other words, don't watch the dvd expecting good vibes...It's a bum trip....I sure hope they edited all of Dave's banter out of the cd, especially the wounded soldier rap....Just shut up and Play Music.  (please)
 Early & I mean Early Jack nicholson !!! - Not a bad movie for It's Time But You can Find it The budget racks of Dollar Stores & Big Lt's For a Pitance !!!! I'm not Sure it may even be Public Domain ? in which case you can Download it For Free Legally ! I'd not pay much more than @ bucks for The Terror Personally FWIW ?
 Jeff Bridges is a likable actor, and likable in this movie.  I don't think it was a stand out performance, but as I collect DVD's that have car racing, chasing, crashing, and the like .... I needed to add it to my collection, and it was a nice addition.  If you like Jeff Bridges .... and auto racing, car chasing, and auto sports, it's a fun movie.  The bonus, was Valerie Perrine.  Not the greatest part for her, but she can always attract me to buy an inexpensive film, with her in it.  She was so hot!  Playboy nude or not .... she while not the greatest actress of all time, in my opinion was one of the most attractive .... and she did an adequate job in this role.  Overall, not Jeff Bridges best, but with Valerie Perrine, and lots of cars chasing around .... it is an enjoyable flick.
 Had hoped to get a copy of this somewhat classic movie, but it was sent in dvd zone 1 format and zone 2 was not available. However I was not charged for the item.
 A young couple wants to spice up their sex life until it results in someone's murder.... Nothing really too much to say about this story, except that it's probably already been done in any number of Shannon Tweed or Shannon Whirry films. I will say that it is different in that the female lead is a hot latina, which isn't common in this genre.  Being unrated it does get somewhat kinky at times, but that is more dialogue-related than actual visuals. It's got a handful of decent sex scenes, but a comparatively little amount of nudity considering. I'd say for the price it's quite a good buy for the skin collector. It's interesting to note that they're really pushing the fact that Mario Lopez is in this film, but the truth of the matter is that he is hardly in it at all. Even though his head fills up most of the cover, he barely even has a supporting role in this movie. Why they think that his name is a cash cow is beyond me, but he is technically the "biggest star in it. Funny people, those Hollywood marketing "geniuses".
 If this season would consists of two collections (like the first two), there would have been 5 stars on top of this review.  Still, it's better than nothing, though I had this nagging feeling the season didn't reach it's full potential. A few more episodes might have done the trick. 
 It takes a special kind of girl to know exactly what she wants... and not give up anything to get it.
 I think "Beverly Hills cop III was an extremely regrettable turning point in the nice career of one of the most talented and funniest black comedians Hollywood has ever seen - Mr. Eddie Murphy. Before it he used to be funny or at least much funnier. He appeared in the rather enjoyable flicks like "48 Hrs.", "Coming to America", "Another 48 Hrs.", "The Distinguished gentleman", "Boomerang and of course "Beverly Hills cop I & II - two beloved movies that will always be his very best works.  Then someone decided to add part three in the so far terrific "Beverly Hills cop saga. This time Axel Foley was on the mission of revenge and the comedy was unfortunately replaced by action. Who forgot that most of the glamour behind these movies came directly from the humor? Even though John Landis - the man behind hit comedies like "The Blues Brothers and "Three Amigos! - sat in the director's chair the end result just wasn't that funny anymore or at least it was funny very rarely and that's a bad thing if we compare part three to its absolutely hilarious precursors. ...and as it happened, after "Beverly Hills cop III Eddie Murphy got roles from the movies like "Vampire in Brooklyn (with only couple of excellent scenes), "Metro (that apparently wasn't supposed to be funny in the first place), "Doctor Dolittle (cute little film for kiddies who love furry animals that talk), "Holy man (interesting but more confusing than amusing) and "Nutty Professor II
 It was about time that Paramount came out with a BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since this movie didn't come out till 7 years later after BEVERLY HILLS COP 2 did and 10 years after the original BEVERLY HILLS COP did, except BEVERLY HILLS COP III wasn't nearly as funny or as good as the first 2 were since there was no John Ashton(Sgt. Taggart), no Ronny Cox(Capt. Bogomil), and no Paul Reiser either, which kind of soured this sequel which I'm sure is another reason why Siskel & Ebert gave this movie 2-thumbs down when it was released in the movie theatres back in the Spring of 1994, which is perhaps the reason why Paramount hasn't gotten around to making a BEVERLY HILLS COP IV since BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 bombed at the box office.  Something else I noticed about this movie was even though Axel teamed up with Beverly Hills P.D. again for the 3rd time since Axel's cases that start out in Michigan always seem to lead to Southern California, about half of this movie actually took place at Paramounts GREAT AMERICA amusement park in Santa Clara even though it had so-called taken place at an amusement park in the L.A. Area called WONDERWOLD, but the amusement park was actually located in the Bay Area near San Jose, but I'm sure their reason for using GREAT AMERICA for the amusement park in this movie was due to the fact that GREAT AMERICA is owned by the Paramount movie corporation and I highly recommend GREAT AMERICA to anybody needing or wanting to take their kids to a fun amusement park besides DISNEYLAND, KNOTTS BERRY FARM, or even UNIVERSAL STUDIOS for that matter, but I don't highly recommend BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since it was obviously a downgrade from the first 2 BEVERLY HILLS COP installments, so you could say that this was like a definite insult to BEVERLY HILLS COP I and II.  In addition you could say that this was the first BEVERLY HILLS COP installment that had some filming taking place in Northern California and one of the very few movies that I know of that took place in the San Jose area as well, since most movies tend to take place in either L.A., New York City, Hollywood, or San Francisco.
 Beverly Hills Cop III  (Paramount, 1994)  Ten years after the first Beverly Hills Cop went through the box office roof and became a benchmark in action comedies, a few of the cast members came back for another go-round. In Detroit, detective Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) is gearing up a bust on a major car theft chop shop operation with his team (including Jon Tenney and Joey Travolta), with his boss Inspector Todd (Gil Hill) along as an observer. What Axel doesn't know is that moments before their arrival, some smooth operators with machine guns showed up at the chop shop, collected a van full of something that was stolen on their behalf, and paid off in lead. As the bust comes down around their ears in a hail of gunfire, what Axel does know is that he has seen Inspector Todd shot dead by the leader of the baddies - a steely eyed buzzard (Timothy Carhart) who then hightails it, along with the van full of McGuffins. However, they've left a trail...and you only get one guess where it leads. Well, two, because, yes, it is indeed Beverly Hills California. But where in Beverly Hills? How about the world famous theme park Wonder World, led by that lovable old Uncle Dave (Alan Young)? And no, I don't know what you mean when you say the words "Disney or "Walt. This is entirely different.   Axel shows up and enlists the help of Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), now promoted from detective to being the DDOJSIOC for all of Los Angeles. (Oh, that's Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command. Something about interfacing all the various law enforcement agencies when crimes go across city limits and county lines.) Sadly Taggart has retired, covered with a couple of lines of dialogue and they plain forget to even namecheck Lt. Bogamill, although both gentlemen can be glimpsed in a picture on Billy's desk.   Billy introduces Axel to his new old cop buddy Jon Flint (Hector Elizondo) who fills in neatly yelling at the boys for the rest of the movie that he's too old for this sh--wait, no, that's Danny Glover who says that. Oh well, Flint yells at them anyway, just like Taggart used to. Still miss John Ashton though.   Axel heads out to Wonder World to see why there were clues pointing to the park back in Detroit and to maybe find out why all clues found in Detroit crime scenes always point to Beverly Hills. Flint offers to set up a meeting with chief of park security Ellis DeWald, but is called away, leaving Axel to head out there alone. Before he can even set foot in the park, Foley runs afoul of the park's jerkweed security force, and soon finds himself dragged bodily to DeWald's office where he first meets DeWald's boss, park chief of operations Orrin Sanderson (John Saxon). Imagine Our Hero's surprise when DeWald finally shows up and it's the same motherloving jackwagon who shot Todd back in Michigan!   Now knowing there's something more than fishy going in the home of Rufus Rabbit, Axel goes into full Foley mode, making waves every chance he gets as he works to bring down DeWald and his whole criminal organization. He gains some allies, including Wonder World operations rep Janice(Teresa Randle), Treasury agent Fulbright (Stephen McHattie), Uncle Dave himself, and even our old buddy Serge (Bronson Pinchot), now out of the art game and selling stylish weaponry for home defense. Even with this much help, will Axel be able to stop the slick and nasty DeWald?   Everyone pretty much agrees the first BHC is a classic. There's a split on BHC II, some love it even more, others find it too impressed with its own coolness. But nearly everybody seems to agree that BHC III sucks, including Eddie Murphy.   Well, I like Beverly Hills Cop III. Quite a bit. Oh, it's not a perfect movie. It doesn't meld the comedy with the action as seamlessly as did the first movie, and some of the trips it makes down the comedy road don't work. But the action side does work; quite well in fact. It actually makes sense that an older Axel, really hit by the loss of his mentor, the irascible and salty Inspector Todd, would tone down the quips and improvs and concentrate on getting his hands around DeWald's pencil neck. So I don't mind that Murphy is a little lower key here. It's a great cast down the line - look how many I listed up there  -and of course Landis continues his penchant for slapping film directors into as many of the 1 and 2 line parts as he possibly can. The production got to use a real amusement park - Great America -  owned by Paramount, so the settings look good, with some early digital flimflam giving the park a different appearance in the wide overhead shots - watch how the camera "jerks when it pans down across the park to the gate twice during the movie. Plus, they got the Sherman Brothers - Richard and Robert - the composers of Disney's notorious It's a Small World - to write a similar tune for this movie called The Wonderworld Song! Robert cameos too! And following in the villainous duo footsteps of Steven Berkoff and Jonathan Banks; and Jurgen Prochnow and Brigitte Nielsen - Timothy Carhart and John Saxon make for some terrific bad guys.   In the end, I like this one a tiny bit more than BHC II - I'm one of those who thinks Eddie and the movie have started believing their own press in the second movie. This gets a definite recommendation for action junkies, and a qualified yes for others seeking action entertainment. Check it out!
 Well this third and last by the moment Beverly Hills Cop movie is not like the 2 firsts with great action and chases and thrills instead we have some gags and the John Landis style with great directors cameos(George Lucas) and his trademark humour and hits. In the Dvd extras content I must say that this is the most flop of the 3 that's why I give only 3 stars of 5. Paramount Studios should give some extras more to have the level that had the 2 others.
 Many think this film the best or one of the best the Brothers Marx ever did.  It's probably a matter of taste (well, it's certainly a matter of taste), but I think the first MGM comedy by the Marx Brothers is scattershot.  Groucho, Chico and Harpo are in top form, and when they're on -- and allowed to dominate a scene -- the film is terrific.  The stateroom scene is still funny after 70 years, and the finale at the opera is Marxist anarchy at its finest.   But when they're off screen (at least a third of the movie), you're left with an embarrassing melodrama I'm sure the movegoing audiences of 1935 found as sappy as I did.  Bad enough the young Italian lovers sound like they're from New England section of Italy; worse are the musical interludes, which bring the film to a halt and destroy any comedic momentum the Marxes have created.  A scene where Chico, Harpo and Jones show off their musical prowess goes on far too long and completely stops the film.  Their earlier comedies had musical interludes, but they were woven into the films better.  The opening number in Duck Soup, for example, is a lengthy set-up to the first joke; ditto the  We're Going to War  number.  When the young lovers in A Night at the Opera sing  Alone,  there's nothing but the youngsters staring moonily at each other.  Their voices are fine, but the studios of the time were never short of movies with beautiful youngsters singing to each other.  It's unnecessary here, and it reminds you the Marx Brothers aren't on screen.    A Night at the Opera  was the Marxes' most successful comedy at the box office, and probably the most popular film they ever did.  But time has been kinder to their earlier Paramount productions.  Those films are stagebound, but they have a madcap energy the MGM films never recovered.   If you're a real fan of the Marx Brothers, you've probably already seen this; the rest of you should start with Duck Soup or Horse Feathers.  A Night at the Opera was, unfortunately, the beginning of the end for this legendary team.
 Otis B. Driftwood
 I've done yoga off and on in the past, both via video and also live classes.  This video is definitely not for beginniners.  Some of the poses are intermediate (at least in the live class they were) and in that class we moved into these poses much more slowly and used props to help us.  10 minutes into the DVD, she has you doing the triangle pose and another one (whose name I forget) where you stand on one leg with one arm touching the ground and the other arm and leg in the air. And this moves alone at a fast clip.  I'm also taking away another star because there's no warm up and her verbal cues do not always match what she's doing.  You have to be able to watch the DVD to follow her prompts - not an easy thing to do when you're in down dog! Otherwise I liked this DVD and would recommend it for intermediates.  It has beautiful scenery and Suzanne Deason herself is a pleasant and likable teacher to spend some time with.  It just seems to be mislabeled as "beginner. For a beginner, there are some poses on here that I definitely could not hold.  I thought it was a good workout and taught me about different poses for strengthening, but it seemed more advanced for beginners in some parts with the balancing.  I wasn't expecting easy, just maybe a slower paced beginning.
 I notice the reviews are really mixed on this tape, but I say it's just OK. I have lots of yoga tapes, and this is the one I reach for the least. I think the instructor's delivery is rather unenthusiastic, although I find it soothing in the relaxation portion, and I feel like I need to hold the poses longer to really benefit from them. It does work the lower body, and it's short enough to do before you go to work, but I just can't get excited about it.
 I don't see why they feel the need to re-release this 1985-86 Season of this police drama out on DVD since Anchor Bay already has the first 3 seasons out on DVD along with the fact that they still haven't released the remaining 4 seasons of HUNTERs 7-year run on NBC yet either.  My guess on why they're re-releasing HUNTERs 2nd Season out on DVD is perhaps due to wanting to compensate for all the flaws & boo boos they made on the first 3 seasons of HUNTERs DVD box sets since Anchor Bay did kind of a cheesy job on them.  However, HUNTERs 2nd Season is a definite upgrade from HUNTERs 1st Season as well as the season when Bruce Davison joins the cast & crew as Hunter & McCall's superior officer (Capt.Wyler)at the fictional Metropolitan Police Department in L.A. replacing his predecessor Capt. Dolan(John Amos)and when John Shearin joins the cast & crew as Hunter & McCall's remarkable streetwise fellow officer(Lt. Ambrose Finn)which made his first appearance in the "Blow-Up episode & when Hunter & McCall's doofus fellow officer Det. Bernie Terwilliger#James Whitmore, Jr.) gets transferred to Internal Affairs & eventually gets promoted to lieutenant.  As a matter of fact, James Whitmore, Jr. directed quite a few episodes of this police drama too like "Night Of The Dragons", "Rich Girl", "The Big Fall", "The Set-Up", "High Noon In LA", "Sniper", "Avenging Angel etc.  In this season, it was also interesting seeing *Gary Graham in the "Killer In A Halloween Mask episode before his co-starring days on the short-lived Fox series ALIEN NATION  *Robert O'Reilly in "The Set-Up episode before his co-starring days on STAR TREK
 I haven't finished viewing all the dvd's for this series. I have been unable to view so far 2 of the programs out of 3 dvd's because they are garbled. Other than that, it arrived quickly. I still have another dvd to go before I'll know whether any other shows will be unwatchable.
 Even though I like the actors, and the plots were what one would expect, the dialog and editing left me wondering why I liked the program when it aired on TV.
 Take a cheeky eight-year-old, put him in a situation he has to slapstick his way out of with the kind of antics most cartoon characters wouldn't survive, and what you have is one of the most wildly popular, commercially successful comedies of all time.  And when it's over, though most likely you'll have had a good time, you'll be tempted to ask the question
 Ive ordered products from this seller before and theyve been amazing, but halfway into this movie the first time we watched it, it skips and completely freezes, so we have to skip ahead an entire scene. It does that every time we watch it.
 Home Alone, staring Macaulay Culkin (Home Alone 2) and directed by Chris Columbus (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone), is a childish movie.  A very childish movie.  One that succeeds in entertaining but something that you enjoy as a little kid and laugh at when you're an adult.  Even the concept of the movie is dumb.  Like I said, it is not funny, it's just entertaining.  Let me tell you something comedy fans
 home aloneis porably one of the ulimtmate familymovies.I frist saw it when i was 12. i then proccedto see two moretimesin the theatres. then i got the  video. now iam 22 and stil llike it.culkin gives a good perfomance proboly  because he flimed it before he hit it big.i thiunk he did not want tobe a  big star and thats why some of his later perfomance were not as good anyway  this is cute and good movie.
 Product was great and in good condition. The price was a bit high though for a used DVD.
 Home Alone is one of the top grosing films ever and is a family classic but it's not a great film. Yes the film is funny and it's a fun family film for the whole family but it's not a great film. Maybe I dont find it great becouse I've seen it so maney times and i dont find the traps funny anymore(I liekd the traps in the sequal better). The story is un beievale as a boy is left home alone by mistake during christmas and he sets the house full of traps to catch 2 bumbling robbers. Culkien is great and Stern and Pesi are funny. The movie is a good christmas film.
 Version
 The climax of this movie, in which an eight-year-old boy booby-traps his house to prevent two burglars from robbing it while his family is away on Christmas vacation, is quite entertaining. He uses ice, tar, fire and whatever else he can find in the house to make even something as simple as walking up the stairs or turning a doorknob a dangerous experience for would-be-robbers.  In a more serious movie; one that doesn't sugarcoat its violence in slapstick comedy; the two burglars, named The Wet Bandits because one of them likes to clog the sink and leave the water running when they rob a house, would probably be dead. Here, they just hurt and humiliate themselves in amusing ways. There's a scene involving a spider that's actually laugh-out-loud hilarious.  What's annoying is the boy, Kevin. I guess he's supposed to be cute, and he might look cute, but the way he acts; the character and the actor who plays him; is the worst thing about the movie. When a Wet Bandit falls victim to one of his pranks, he celebrates with a "Yes! When he glides across a sheet of ice to escape a policeman, he lets out an exaggerated "Wooah! It's just annoying.  With that, I think Home Alone would be better if Kevin's character were presented in a more realistic way. I'd also like to see some background to how he's able to come-up with such an ingenius Battle Plan. There are no scenes of him making booby traps before his family mistakenly leaves him home alone; an inclusion that would work wonders for the plot's believability factor.  marcellee.com
  Supergirl  was an attempt of the Salkind's to spin off there wildly successful  Superman  series. The film wasn't very well  received, and therefore no sequels resulted. In retrospect, the film's  major flaw is it's lack of direction(Jeannot Szwarc was a hack), and the  uniformly awful performances in the first half of the film. As the movie  progresses, it actually get's better, and the climactic scenes in the  Phantom Zone and Selina's fortress are actually exciting. The flying  sequences are the best in the  Super  series next to the first   Superman  movie, and the effects are all quite good. The Anchor  Bay video is actually a dreadful transfer, though I'm sure that this has  more to do with source material than it does with thier efforts, as they  are usually very concerned with picture and sound quality. This has some  added footage that was not in the original American release print, and with  one exception(Nigel's blonde girlfriend should have stayed on the cutting  room floor), they improve the film. Not great, but certainly interesting. A  total widescreen remaster on DVD with Dolby Digital sound would likely  improve things even more; are you listening, Anchor Bay?
 Helen Slater (a dead ringer for the woman of steel) appears as "Supergirl", a survivor of Argo City in pursuit of the Omegahedron...a device that can turn any thought into reality. A likable adventure. Co-starring Faye Dunaway...who overacts as a wannabe witch. (By the way, When DOESN'T Ms. Dunaway overact?) Also Brenda Vaccaro as her sidekick....who stinks up the screen. Go back to TV commericials, Brenda!
 This movie is a good old fashioned disney movie, clear cut good guy fighting the bad guy. Though the best film to relate this film to would be <a href="http
 I grew up watching this movie and was so excited to see it on here.  Having said that, I realized while watching it that I loved it so much because I was a child and it's a good, clean adventure story.  As an actual movie it's not all that great but if you have kids they will probably love it 
 We had bought a similar movie, Duma, which my family absolutely loved and thought this might be similar.  Watching Cheetah was a total 80s flashback--I had no idea this movie was out in the 80s but now that makes total sense given the wardrobe, the tube socks, the hair, etc.  I had assumed that it had been shelved way back when and was brought out because of the success of Duma.  The movie is enjoyable for a once-through.  Duma is MUCH better.
 MY RATING- 6.3 This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine. The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music! However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers first season star Ian Hendry. Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
 I remember seeing 'Get Carter' as a kid and being swept along by director Hodges subversive intentions. You identify with Carter's strength, self assurance and success with women and want him to succeed but when vengence finally arrives you are repulsed and he ceases to be human. He becomes a monster. As such, I think this is one of the few exploitation pictures that is genuinely anti-violence. The plot though, is more like a B-movie western with a truly absurd body count. Lone gunfighter rides into town to avenge his brother. Visits the Saloon. The old barman routine. Sizes up the bad guy. Gets involved with the floosies. Has gunfight with the hired killer at dawn. This departs from the usual western cliche with a hilarious lack of chivalry. Only one man gets to 'draw'. The only element missing is the Sheriff who fails to see Carter wandering around with firearms in broad daylight, not to mention a gunfight at the OK dock. "You'll get us nicked! Wails a cowboy to his cowhand who's blasting away with a shotgun. Fat chance of that, mate, the Sheriff seems to be both blind and deaf. Carter's eventual tally is something like seven people in a day (I count the couple in the car and the girl in the trunk.) Average score in a western, but rather unlikely in the north of England. But maybe I haven't lived. There's three tasty geezers in the commentary. Well, only two as it turns out. Director Hodges seems to be have been fed laughing gas. Wish we could share his hilarity. Caine's contribution is surprisingly prejudicial to your actual working classes. He identifies rather too much with his character and menacingly claims to be from a family that had a 'reputation' that people ignored at their peril. Ooh, mummy. He then trots out a series of dispiriting East End cliches about the Kray's. Salt of the earth, loved their mums, helped pensioners and kept the streets safe from pondlife. Deary me. He contradicts the safety of this 'altruism' by revealing that it was he that suggested a family should be in the car Fletcher lands on courtesy of Carter, the inference being that gangsterism affects us all (er..?) Despite Caine's constant attempts to create a frisson regarding his roots, his portrayal of Carter doesn't always convince, especially in his mannered delivery. The commentary then frequently grinds to a halt due to the participation of the Cinematographer whom I took to be Jewish. Sadly, no Jackie Mason-like wit is forthcoming, only a hilariously monotonous and protracted rendition of where he put the lights, tripod, gaffertape, etc. I think it's time to get Carter.
 Michael Caine stars in this revenge crime drama as a Gangster from London who decides to look in to the suspicious death of his brother.his investigation ends up ruffling some feathers,and Jack becomes a target.i won't say anything else about the story.you'll have yo watch the movie to find out more.i' will say that this is not what you would call an action packed movie.it moves at a moderate pace.it's not boring.things are always happening,just not at a frenetic pace.and every scene occurs for a reason,even if it doesn't appear that way.at least that's the impression i felt.but it's really the acting that's the anchor here.Caine is great as the title character who won't give up,until he finds the answers.the supporting cast is also good.for me,Get Carter is a 3.5/5
 first off i do not care for micheal caine second he is no action star the movie seemed long and boring at most parts my favorite part in the whole movie was the end i know by writng this i am making alot of people mad cult classic no
 I love play with me sesame but the cases these come in are crap! The discs came loose. I wish they were packaged different but it is still a good show
 Too bad Sesame Street seems to have taken down all their online game content (August 2008) So much for their educational mission! I guess some of it is available on these DVD/CD-ROM releases, but it sucks that low income families have to buy them instead of getting the content online, as they've been able to for the last few years. (T-Mom)
 Not much to add as many of the other reviewers describe this piece of goofy frivolity perfectly.  The "high point is the football game at the end.  Playboy Playmates, breasts, and goofy hijinks.  There really isn't much reason to watch this other than the fact there are a lot of topless women in this movie.  'Nuf said.
 this vhs was blurry. needs more gator action & with enough length. i was kind of a long and white lookin gator. if u can find it, widescreen would be better.
 In employing the central character from Henry Morton Robinson's book as a brush for painting a landscape mural of the 20th century, Otto Preminger attempted too much and consequently accomplished too little.  Preminger's Cardinal-in-the-making is a man who has just too much to do for a character in even such a long movie.  [...]  In taking us along on the journey to Cardinal Fermoyle's fate, Preminger seemed compelled to demonstrate to us that the 20th century was awash in conflict between traditional values and a budding sexual revolution, that abortion debate was in our future, that Prohibition came and went, that the Western Hemisphere was earning the right to demand central billing on the world stage, that the Nazis were on the march (and, boy, were they a nasty lot).  In the end, Father/Monseigneur/Cardinal Fermoyle feels more like a tour guide than a man of deep faith who learns first to understand, then humanize, then telegraph that faith to others.  One just has that feeling of pushing away from the table after a very big meal but still feeling hungry.  We get close, so very close, to the feeling that Fermoyle is a truly remarkable man of faith . . . but the fullness of the sensation remains just out of our grasp.  The fault is primarily Preminger's, but just a wee bit of it might rest with Tom Tryon.  While he was generally up to the role, I kept thinking about another tall, dark, handsome actor who perhaps could have pulled a bit more substance from the role
 This film, made a long time ago, is an old chestnut, but still there are some good bits in it.  If one likes pomp and ceremony, you will like this.
 Robert Blake as  Big John  Wintergreen is the important part of this film. Not to say that the motorcycle chase setpiece isn't worth watching. Not that the end of the film isn't ironic and powerful. But Bobby Blake simply *owns* this film. As Arizona motorcycle patrolman John Wintergreen, Blake gives  an excellent portrayal of a man who remains idealisticdespite the cynicism that his job normally engenders. As other reviewers have mentioned, this film forms an almost certainly unintended (and somewhat tenuous, but nonetheless real) stylistic trilogy with  Easy Rider  and  Vanishing Point , examining issues and aspects of the counterculture of the 70s through the lens of America's addiction to gasoline.  Of particular ironic (and iconic) interest to myself and other Viet Nam veterans is the scene betwen Big John and the truck driver... And the poignance of the ending is unquestionable, reflecting the cynical view that  No good deed goes unpunished.  ((Why was a still from this film displayed with other photos, awards and trophies on Captain Furillo's office wall on  Hill Street Blues ?)) ((Incidentally, while director Guercio was, as has been mentioned, horn band Chicago's producer, before that he played bass for Frank Zappa in the Mothers of Invention...))
 The first hour of the film is spot-on, totally worthy of its "minor cult classic status. Unfortunately, the second half of the film is a bit of a let-down, for various reasons, including a rather preposterous resolution of the crime -and perp (excluding, of course, the oft-discussed final five minutes, which are as good as any in the film).  As a murder mystery (which it is only in part) it starts out well,but then doesn't seem to know what to do with itself (unlike, for instance,"Bullit a film that has an urban setting but an equally fascinating lead performance/character)  But Robert Blake's acting is excellent and the cinematography is fully appreciated, especially on wide-screen DVD.
 I saw this movie as a kid and later when it was released on VHS picked up a copy of it. The movie is visually impressive and its style is more like what you would see years later in music videos. Robert Blake is excellent in this quirky yet dark story about a pint sized motorcycle cop whose ambition sees him investigating a murder case. Hippies, pigs, nymphos and detectives with erectile dysfunction are abound.  I liked the movie and just remember it as being something different and not what you normally expected at the time.
 I had seen parts of this before, but watched the whole thing through today.  I must say, as great as parts of this film are, it nevertheless disappoints on many crucial levels.  The acting, (while largely cheesy) is enjoyable in a pic like this.  I do enjoy Robert Blake's performance though, even though Detective Harvey is WAAAY over the top!!  (the coroner guy was very good also). I definitely see a link to "Easy Rider", and indeed, both films represent a (then) new wave of modern western, even maybe similar in some ways to Peckinpah's "Wild Bunch and "Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia". Actually, as powerful a film as Easy Rider is, I don't think it's a very good film either. But like Elecra Glide, it does invoke that new "take to the highway consciousness of the counterculture of the early 70's.  And as in Easy Rider, the cinematography in Electra Glide is fantastic!  The amazing Conrad Hall (the original Outer Limits, and tons of other shows and movies), shows Arizona in all its beautiful glory, this film really looks great!!  And it is such fun to see late guitar great Terry Kath and former bassist Peter Cetera from the group Chicago, after all, this was a James William Guercio film).  But the pacing, acting, story, and editing are, umm...flawed IMO. Mild recommendation.  Great soundtrack, including guitar great Larry Carlton!
 The freedom afforded young American directors in the seventies heralded some of the most adventurous and terrific films in the history of cinema.  It also produced alot of self-indulgent claptrap.  Unfortunately, "Electra Glide in Blue falls more in the latter category than the former.  Director James William Guercio would like to invoke comparisons to John Ford(hence, the Monument Valley locales) and "Easy Rider".  Instead his film seems like a wacky episode of "CHiPs".  I have nothing against a filmmaker who tries to pace his film deliberately.  Guercio's direction, however, feels hamhanded and labored.  Not that he's helped by a script that contains any number of preposterous scenes.  One that comes to my mind is the long one involving a barmaid (Jeannine Riley) who dresses down a detective(Mitchell Ryan) for his inadequacies.  The film is redeemed by some terrific acting by Robert Blake as the highway patrolman who has big dreams that are undermined by his integrity, Billy "Green Bush as a fellow patrolman who isn't working with a full deck, Elisha Cook as a mentally challenged man, and Royal Dano as the Coroner.  It goes without saying that Conrad Hall offers up terrific camerawork.  Look close for a young Nick Nolte as an extra in the commune scene.
 All in all it's not a great movie.  I found the plot somewhat convoluted.  The acting is awful at times.  Most of the main characters are people I would not associate with but John Wintergreen (a young Robert Blake) was all right.  He had an overdeveloped sense of fairness, right and wrong that would eventually do him in.  The movie has a quirky personality.  At times it's intentionally funny but some of the great scenes are when it's unintentionally funny.  I liked the background music.  More than a few times it was perfectly suited as background for the associated scene.  The chase scenes were well done, at times overdone.  The raw, seedy side of the Southwest was the perfect backdrop for this movie.  I could almost smell the stale cigarette smoke, beer and urine.  The scenery was at times Kodak perfect.  Twenty-five years ago I really liked the last song - the one that plays over the credits. Today, I find it preachy and very 60's.  I'm surprised the movie has not achieved cult status.
 Even if this is not as good as Ray Harryhausen at his best in "Jason and the Argonauts and "The 7th Voyage of Sinbad", it is certainly as good a quality as the later Sinbad's he did. Anderson's creatures may be a little rough around the edges by todays special effects standards but it is still quite entertaining for the whole family. Most children will find it great fun. There are numerous monster creatures and several interesting good characters. Kerwin Mathews and the rest the cast do above average performances. The sets and music help draw us into this wonderful adventure fantasy story. If you like Fantasy movies you will probably enjoy this one. Did you miss the price on this DVD? Talk about a bargain! Even if you for some odd reason you didn't love it you could donate it to a good cause. I got the DVD and even though released by Good Times it is an excellent transfer. The picture and sound are great. Good quality DVD and replayability. Most kids will love this.
 ASIN# B000050SKH I gave this film 3 stars based on "the Film because... -It was such a blatant band-wagon move after "The Seventh Voyage of Sinbad".  It's hard to watch without noticing parodies. -The giants inexplicably all have goat's legs, just like the cyclops in SVOS!! -Same director and lead actors as SVOS...  in the SAME ROLES!!! -Some scenes drag on, even action scenes!  "let's show more monsters LONGER!!!  The witch scene on the ship NEVER ENDS!! -A little magical helper, just like SVOS.  He even makes the same bargain for his freedom!! -Battle between giant and serpent, just like SVOS battle between Cycplops and Dragon. -Editing is silly at times.  Senes were obviously cut (gaunlet hall has arms cut off and blades broken but not a clue how it happened!) while others go on... and on... and on..... -Acting is valiant considering the script!!  This thing was obviously thrown together.  I particularly enjoyed the high-school acting of Judy Meredith.  Kind of like watching a car wreck... you just can't look away. -The monsters are extremely crude in every aspect, from sculpting to animation.  The funny thing is, the animation seams to get a little better as the film rolls along, like they created the sequences in script order. -Jim Danforth (though I never see his name on the Credits?) needed to understudy under Harryhausen a bit longer.  He had very little knowledge of human or animal physiology.  This made his creatures look cartoonish and less believable.  Do you like shiney monsters?  To his credit, they definately have character. -Despite all of this, it is a fun film.  Just need to get over the SVOS "cloning".   As a value priced DVD, I'd have to give it 5 stars.  Here's why; -Picture quality is better than could ever be expected for this obscure film (at this price).  Someone in Hong Kong must of had this on ice!! -Ditto for sound quality.  As good as could be expected for a featureless DVD. -Packaging is better than adequate.  They actually Screened a nice image on the disk! -NOT THE MUSICAL!!! Given all of this, I'd still recommend this DVD for Harryhausen Fans.  It really puts his skills in perspective.  It is also a whimsical and enjoyable movie in it's own right.  I just could not get over the "Sinbad thing!!
 The good news about this DVD release of Jack the Giant Killer is that it isn't the musical version! The movie was shoot with a release to television in mind.Producer Small intended to light the scenes way to bright and was composing for a little frame.Therefore someone can forgive its full frame presentation and the transfer from a good videomaster. This movie is a rare find and still fun to watch if you love classy stop motion. (...)
 The DVD is free of blemishes and is quite colorful; however, some images are pale, no doubt due to the aging of the original materials. This is especially apparent in composite shots where the models look bright but the backgrounds don't. Probably the best this film is going to look.
 One of the true treasures of my childhood, I saw this again as an 38 year old and had much the same feeling.  This is a good one, with a few significant flaws.  First, hopefully, I'm not the only one...but I found the princess MUCH more attractive and (yes) sexy after she was changed into the yellow-eyed, green-skinned evil incarnation.  Maybe it was the tighter dress, but she really did it for me, especially considering the  nice  princess was so vapid and bland.   As for the effects, they were also mostly charming.  The harpies attack on the ship to steal the princess was actually frightening!  As for the stop motion effects, by Jim Danforth, they were amatuer at best, crude at worst.  It's no wonder he never stepped out from Harryhausen's shadow.   Still, in all, a good film!
 Lower your Harryhausen-like expectations and you'll be pleased with this fantasy adventure.  Nowhere near the Sinbad series but the transfer looks good for a disc of this price....
 I remember seeing Jack the Giant Killer when I was young on a saturday afternoon movies channel. Its a little corney, but for its time, it was a well done flick, Brings back old and good memories!
 I must admit that I was not as impressed with this as I was when I saw it at a birthday party in 1962.  It is not so much that the special efects were crude, but that it was so monochromatic in terms of characters.  Of course, in the eye of childhood memory, there were images that lived in my mind
 This poor-man's "Seventh Voyage of Sinbad is not without it's charm, but the bizarre musical version is the one to find! Sure it's a mess, but WHAT a mess! If you're a fan of strange live-action children's musicals like the K. Gordon Murray Mexican releases ("Santa Clause", "Little Red Riding Hood Meets The Monsters", etc.) then you'll want to track down the musical version for this movie. Luckily I have my copy that I had taped from cable tv in the early 1980s.
 Tim Allen gives a good spazaz to Joe in this movie that makes it funny. Jim Belushi is great as the person who trains Joe in the ways of self defense. cute and not so crude like most comedys which crudeness ans sickness makes it downfall, but y'all enjoy Allen. for fans of the tool man and Belushi
 I swear maybe I should change my name to the 3D nut cause it seems like thats all I ever review on!!!  Shock Labyrinth was not a bad movie at all. I can see why some reviewers might have been a little confussed at times. I had to watch it twice to really pick up everything in the story and there is a lot of back and fourth with flashblacks. So in other words when watching this film you really have to pay attention or you could be missing out on a key thing in the movie. It really wasnt a bad movie at all and the acting was above decent I felt. If you like the wierd twist that you see in a lot of those asian suspense horror films then you will probably enjoy this one too.  Now for the area I usually love the most...The 3D!!!!!  The 3D in this movie was decent but with some flaws. There is a nice bit of shadowing in some scenes but then you will have very clear shots in other scenes, i guess the phares "mixed bag is the best way to discribe the 3d in this. It's not by any means horrible and does bring some more fun to the movie. There are a few fun pop out scenes and some shots with some really great depth to it then some scenes not so much. I dont think this was a bad buy at all for me and to be honest i am not that huge of a fan of the asian suspense horror.But over all I did enjoy this one a lot.If you are a fan asian 3D horror I would also recommend "childs eye 3D and even more so "Sector 7 3D which has fantastic 3D in it.
 Shock Labyrinth was an okay Japanese movie. I wouldn't call this a horror movie, it's more like a suspense movie. So if you're expecting something like The Ring or The Grudge, you're going to be disappointed.
 This is a interesting ghost movie about revenge. Or is it? that's what you have to decide in this movie. Is it all in one mans mind? Is it a ghost or spirit coming for revenge?  I liked that part of it. Even though it's sort of confusing like a labyrinth! Ok, that's cool. But the 3d goes from exceptional with great depth and beautiful scenes to the next scene where there's suddenly alot of ghosting, and crosstalk. where you see a light with two more lights around it. Then the next scene is great. This was shot in 3d and the problem was with the mastering to blu ray.  How they released this with so much problems is beyond me. This reminds me of 'dinosaurs alive' but that one had mostly good scenes ,and then some ghosting. and parts of 'pirhana 3d but those were a few scenes this is about half of the scenes in this one!  It's disturbing to the eye because if you wear contacts like me , I thought my lens were doing it, but they aren't after all , one scene is great, then the next is ghosting. This has extras on it;including interviews. If you like sorta confusing deep ghost stories then this is a good one but the 3d is problematic. ONe minuate you are in awe of how good the picture is with great depth and then you have two ears on a man!.  I probably should give this one star because they did a bad job on this blu ray in 3d. the 2d looks fine, but the movie was interesting and you did half the scenes looking great.
 *Review of 2D version. The Shock Labyrinth is a horror film about a group of teens that get stuck in a labyrinth from their past after trying to help a friend (also from their past). It's creepy and fun, but not very scary. Overall, it's definitely a great way to kill time.  What did I like? It's creepy and fun, like I previously stated. It moves at a very fast pace. The acting was about average. I definitely enjoyed the music. What I liked the most though was the make-up/effects on the "props", they're especially creepy and scary when they start to move. I like that it tried to be innovative in the way it told the story. There are probably 1 or 2 great scares. The ending was also decent, but you may be able to predict it.  What did I dislike? It doesn't have as many great scares as you'd expect knowing the director and origin.  And, although it's innovative, the storytelling is sometimes all over the place. It also has some cheesy special effects. Builds a good amount of tension, but it doesn't really lead to anything. Basically, it's not really scary, but often creepy and tense.  The Shock Labyrinth is a decent film, but it's just not as terryfing as it could've been. Go in with low expectations, and you'll most likely kill an hour and a half while having a fun time. As of 7/7/12, it is available on Netflix Streaming if you really want to watch and save some money.  This movie has some violence and blood, no sex or nudity.
 movie was ok,3D was ok,though it was little better in 2D.couldn't get into movie as much.it was an intresting product.
 Takashi Shimizu is one of those talented and gifted directors that has the ability to chill audiences to the bone. "Ju-on and "Ju-on 2 will stick with you long after watching them. "Marebito was pretty good. "Reincarnation is where things begin to go mainstream. Talented and gifted Asian horror film directors like the Pang Brothers, Hideo Nakata, Ahn Byung Ki and others seem to be more interested in going mainstream than doing what they do best and chilling us to the bone. In the case of "The Shock Labyrinth 3D", I was shocked (no pun intended) at how Takashi Shimizu has gotten away from his talent and gift and created this non-scary borefest. The film is not abysmal but it is nothing like his earlier work. The Pang Bros. followed suit with their 3D film "The Child's Eye 3D which was also a disappointment. "Ju-on White Ghost and "Ju-on Black Ghost are decent but made by other directors under the careful eye of Takashi Shimizu; so I read. This is why people are saying that Asian Horror films have gotten stale. But, alas, three films have come out recently that prove otherwise
 Although 2001's ONE 2 KA 4 features another pairing up of Shahrukh Khan and Juhi Chawla, it's merely a good, and not great, Bollywood movie. What helps is that the screen still lights up that much brighter whenever Shahrukh and Juhi share a scene, and that Juhi demonstrates a flair for light comedy, and also that Shahrukh effortlessly drives the film. Whatever it is that he does which makes him the King of Bollywood - the histrionics, the good acting, the making the most of those key moments - whatever it is, Shahrukh is very much in his element.  But, like a lot of Bollywood cinema, ONE 2 KA 4 is a mishmash and a rip off of Hollywood. In this instance, ONE 2 KA 4 bases its key premise on Michael Keaton's ONE GOOD COP. Our movie opens like a buddy cop thriller, as stern veteran police officer Javed Abbas (Jackie Shroff) and his younger, trigger-happy partner Arun Verma (Shahrukh Khan) go into shoot-'em-out action. Somewhere along the way, we learn that there's a softer side to Javed, that he's a single parent raising four children (one of them not his own). We also learn that his partner Arun isn't too fond of the kids. His distaste is fully reciprocated by the children, who tend to play practical jokes on Arun (the itching powder prank was messed up and had me scratching myself, not that that's unusual).  For most of the movie, the tone vacillates from warm family drama to loud police action thriller. We get to the meat of the plot when Javed is murdered in the line of duty, and Arun decides to take in his kids. Except that the kids now really, really can't stand Arun, in part blaming him for their father's death. Throw in an annoying house guest who won't leave and a chatty, perky Punjabi girl named Geeta (Chawla) whom Javed had befriended, and it becomes this really odd family dynamic.  On the police side of things, Arun is looking to nab a vicious drug lord named KKB who may or may not have had something to do with his partner's murder, and it doesn't help the movie that the actor who plays KKB turns in an over-the-top performance. This is something eventually held in common with the film's other significant villain, whose identity we don't learn until later. But, before that big reveal, this other villain is actually pretty restrained. But that guy, KKB, he's pretty cartoony throughout.  The big twist (and there's always one in Bollywood) happens right before intermission, as Arun investigates a suspicious nightclub and is shocked to see a girl performing onstage who looks remarkably like Geeta. This also segues us to the best musical number in the picture, "Osaka Muraiya. The other songs don't thrill me at all.  Since I'm bringing up flaws, I may as well mention a few others. Plenty of plot holes here, and to me the most glaring one is that Arun commits a crime and, when exposed, is neither expelled from the police force nor even receive jail time - instead, he merely gets suspended. Also, when converging on a highly dangerous collar, are Indian cops so macho that most of them disdain wearing bulletproof vests?  Shahrukh Khan and Jackie Shroff are good in the action scenes, particularly Shahrukh who gets plenty of chances to show off his athleticism. I would say that the best parts of the film are the scenes with Shahrukh and the kids, except that Shahrukh doesn't really interact that much with them. So there's not much resonance there. Instead the highlights revolve primarily around those moments with Shahrukh and Juhi, and I'm not complaining. As terrific as these two are with the romantic scenes, the moments which stick in my mind are the comedy bits
 I personally like classic movies; this one I never seen before and I enjoyed it.  I recommend it to anyone, you can set back with the family because it doesn't have all the violent crimes (bloody)we normally see now a days.
 This film was mentioned in a documentary about noir films, so I was looking forward to the stark lighting, pessimistic and violent story line, cynical men and sultry women.  Unfortunately this was a romantic comedy along the lines of a Doris Day 50's film.  The story barely holds together about a woman (Claire Trevor) working for LAPD who goes undercover in Mexico and ends up traveling with Fred MacMurray who plays a drug dealer. The head drug dealer (Raymond Burr) is after them and there are chases and hi-jinks through the Mexican countryside.  After a while I lost track of the plot and realized that the story only served to put MacMurray and Trevor in as many romantic situations as possible.  MacMurray was pretty sexy and played a bad guy and a romantic lead with his usual expertise.  Trevor was a good comedic actress, she reminded me a lot of Lucille Ball.  Burr burned up the screen whenever he appeared--a wonderful intense actor.  Overall, not my cup of tea.  I would give it two stars except I think the actors did a really good job; they held together an otherwise poorly constructed film.
 "Borderline doesn't know what it wants to be....it's a collision of genres, comedy and police drama with the lighter side dominating. Having said that, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I didn't once look at my watch. The humorous lines are genuinely funny especially from Claire Trevor. There are little nuances that add so much to a scene. Without delivering a spoiler, there's a scene where MacMurray and Trevor are at the house of the local sheriff. The bit with the sheriff's daughter lends a nice touch of humor to an otherwise functional scene. There are a lot of these nuances either in action or dialogue throughout the movie. I would say that if you are looking for a good crime drama from this era, you might be disappointed. If however you go into the movie knowing it's not typical of the genre, you should be able to meet it on its own terms and have fun. I do recommend this film.
 I remember watching this program during the mid-1970's, when it was broadcast under the title "Moses
 I saw this for the first time on the weekend, and while it's not really as bad as some would have you believe, it isn't that great, either. To start with, it's hard to equate Matthew Broderick's Gadget, with the character played by French Stewart. Broderick put real life into Gadget, where Stewart played Gadget purely as a 2 dimensional cartoon character for 90% of the movie. The only time he came to life was near to the end, when Claw kidnapped Penny. Just for the record, I thought that was a nice throw-back to the original cartoon. Penny was forever getting caught by MAD agents, though she was usually rescued by Brain, and not Gadget. The emphasis on the glitches in Gadget's circuitry was a little confusing. In the cartoon, the so-called glitches were usually his gadgets doing the thinking for him. The Inspector was such a lame-brain (and I mean that in the fondest way) that he inevitably called on the wrong gadget for whatever situation he was in. So whenever a gadget popped out that was different to the one he called for, you could be fairly sure it was the right one to do the job. In this movie, the glitches were just that - glitches. And then, there's Claw. Rupert Everett did a fantastic job of playing Claw in the first film. It didn't matter that his face wasn't hidden, as was the case in the cartoon. It was pointless that they tried to do that in the second film. Aside from the shockingly awful voice, what they ended up with was an 'evil' version of Wilson from Home Improvement. It was just plain sad, given Everett's deliciously wicked performance in the original. I'm not totally sure what to think of Elaine Hendrix's performance as G2. I suppose it was fine when you consider that she is basically supposed to be an emotionless android who slowly comes alive as the film progresses, but how can you feel anything for a character that is little more than a piece of wood for most of the movie? Like French Stewart's Gadget, she only came alive towards the end of the film, and by then it was too late. There are positives to the movie. Unfortunately, there just aren't enough. One is the fact that Penny is given considerably more importance in this movie. In the first, she was more of a sidekick than anything else, and that rankled the hardcore fans quite a bit. The special effects were okay, but I'm afraid that's all I can say. As an Aussie, it was interesting to see two Aussie actors hamming up the roles of Chief Quimby and the Mayor (Mark Mitchell and Sigrid Thornton, respectively), but even they didn't give the film much of a lift. As another reviewer commented, one blessing was that the voice of the Gadgetmobile was the same. Unfortunately there just aren't enough other redeeming features to save what could have been a wonderful movie.
 I've seen hundreds of Sci Fi movies over the years.  This is one of those you'll wonder whether you've watched it or not a few years down the road.  You just can't remember.  All in all, I figure it's still better to watch a so-so Sci Fi movie than "Dances With Wolves or "Evita".  This movie will end up being non-memorable, but it's preferable to being in a coma.
 The film lacks profanity but it's characters do somehow come off three-dimensional all the same for a special reason I won't mention here. Check the film out and see why for yourself. Hint
 Based on Erich Maria Remarque's famous pacifist novel, All Quiet on the Western Front explores the horror of WWI through the eyes of a young German soldier.  Ideas of glory fuelled by patriotism are quickly drowned in the mud-filled trenches of the battlefield. Young lives are squandered cheaply for a few centimeters of ground.  WWI was fought with traditional tactics - the mass charge, trenches - but combined with more efficient killings machines - machine guns, field artillery - led to horrific loss of life among the soldiers.  The Germans learnt from these mistakes in WWII and employed the tactics of the Blitzkreig "lightening war where speed of movement was paramount.  Back to the film itself. It's really easy to tell this is a child of the early sound era - there is lots of overacting and it is very visual in its telling. Modern audiences will find it very heavy-going though.  Still it has an ageless anti-war message. An important part of film history but very much an antique now.
 I read the book first, several times.  It's my favorite.  This movie is stagey, and hard for people used to modern sound and color to watch.  It's a great story, but so much more is in the book.  It's more about Paul's personal change during the course of fighting, not so much about action so I find you get so much more out of reading the book.  Much more emotional, and you get to envision the characters as you like (I hate having a picture in my head and then the movie is completely different!)  The 1979 version with Richard Thomas is better, if just for the improved cinematography.
 Director Lewis Milestone weaves a powerful tapestry of loss, defeat, and the meaninglessness of war in this, one of the great anti-war tracts on  film. Unfortunately, it may not have the same grip and impact on today's  audiences because much of the handling is dated (acting is very  early-talkie style; individual scenes are occasionally rather maudlin;  naivety is rampant); and the narrative is somewhat choppy. However, a  considerable amount of the power is in the visuals, and these are just as  impressive and striking today. Milestone's deployment of camera motion,  choreography of the battle scenes, and the sharp, gritty look, as well as  the well-spent budget create an emotional force that carries the picture  with smashing success through many of it's rough spots. Indeed, the grammar  of his film-making  seems to contain an expressionism perfectly augmenting  the story's spirit; and moments achieve a stunning texture that haunt the  mind (take the opening scene in the classroom; or the final shot as the  boys look right into our souls). Some have even compared its style to  Eisenstein and Lang! Patience and understanding will reward the viewer with  a deeply-felt appreciation of what it is like experiencing the  ever-continuing suicide of the human race, and a high regard for one of the  cinema's classics.
 This is one of my favourite films of all time and it is certainly one of the best anti-meaningless war films ever.  If ever a film makes a strong case for war only as a very last resort, this one certainly ranks very highly indeed.  I had this on standard dvd and both the picture and sound qualities were terrible but I was able to forgive that at the time considering that it was released only 3 years after the very first talkie "The Jazz Singer was released.  And so you can imagine my anticipation when I learned that a remastered version on 1080p Blu ray was going to be released and so I couldn't wait to pop the blu ray disc into my player when I first got this.  Overall, this release is a mixed bag for me.  I like the digibook which is something I have always liked about blu rays and helps me to decide to double dip but I don't like the redundant standard dvd which makes the package unnecessarily bulky and is a waste as since I've upgraded to a Blu ray player, why the heck would I want a dvd?  The picture quality is a vast improvement over my previous standard dvd version but the sound quality is extremely noisy with tons of hiss which does distract a lot.  The BD-Live is useless because it really is just a vehicle for the studios to show you trailers of other films and this feature clearly has a lot of potential yet to be exploited.  The silent version of the film is a nice bonus.  Too bad the DTS 2 Channel Mono MA is so hissy during the spoken scenes and is certainly an area to be addressed before the inevitable next release.  Still, on the strength of the vastly improved picture quality and the silent film bonus, this is probably the best version of the film that is currently out there.  Don't expect much from the spoken dialogue parts though.
 The video downloaded efficiently enough, but the sound quality was poor, probably due to the age of the movie. As a teacher, I purchased the movie to show to my students, since Blockbuster did not have it. It's an excellent movie, but when you teach in a hut and your air conditioner is loud, it was hard for students to hear at times.
 This movie was good.  It is basically how the virus originated and was pretty interesting and would recommend if you are into zombie flixs but keep in mind this movie is primarily dialogue with very minimal action sequences.
 If you have seen other movies by Werner Herzog (e.g. Aguirre the Wrath of God), this movie might remind you of his familiar theme of the collision of modern out-of-balance civilization with savage or state-of-nature blissful mysticism.  A land dispute pits a powerful Australian mining company  against a group of Aborigines who believe this sacred land is where mythical green ants dream (the title of the film).  But unlike the straightforward good guy vs. bad guy movie, this plot unfolds amidst a slow but definite transformation of the characters on both sides of the dispute (and the judge who medaties the dispute), all of whom live through this encounter in different ways. Don't worry -this movie does not beat a pious message into your head.
 There are three distinct styles of German director Werner Herzog's films. There are his great, deep, and memorable fictive films- such as Aguirre
 "Where the Green Ants Dream remains one of Werner Herzog's most intriguing feature films. Its release was sandwiched in between the controversies, hardships and media outrage of "Fitzcarraldo and the emotional difficulties of Herzog's final collaboration with Klaus Kinski on "Cobra Verde. The film doesn't quite possess the myth and legend of other Herzog features and as a result as quietly drifted into semi-obscurity. The director himself has aided this drift by his reluctance to discuss the film, as if by his own admission it is a lesser entry in his filmography. Despite this WGAD is visually stunning and easily one of Herzog's most beautifully haunting films. The camera and Herzog is clearly in love with the wide open vistas of the Australian outback, and in their emptiness and vastness they remind one of the desert landscapes glimpsed in "Fata Morgana. From a thematic point of view Herzog continues his quest to chart the dreams and myths of isolated individuals or communities. In this case he explores the most marginal of groups; aborigines. In charting their efforts to stake a legal claim to the land they have inhabited for thousands of years Herzog shows his fury at the bureaucracy and red tape of the modern world. A world of faceless businessmen with capitalist aims living in faceless buildings in faceless capital cities. This is a world which rejects dreams in favour of cold hard facts and figures. The dichotomy between the two worlds is highlighted amusingly by an elevators mechanical failure and one of the aborigines struggling with a digital watch. Herzog fills his films with non-professional aborigine actors and their stiffness and inability in front of camera drains some of the films noble efforts for authenticity.
 If you like the show and want to know a little more back story, this is a good watch. Be warned, however, it's very obviously one of those hastily assembled behind-the-scenes deals with low production values of its own.
 If you would like to learn dances done on MTVs, then this is the dvd for you. Tina Landon breaks down each segment of the dance/video she whishes you to master. The teaching pace is just right and if you do not get it the first time,rewind.The instructions are not done as mirror image so you have to do it on the opposite direction.The last dance segment of the dvd is interestin, imo. I hope next time, Ms. Landon will do different dance routines instead of the ones she all ready did in her previous works. If not, maybe she could add a couple of Janet Jackson moves,which i find better than the other teeny booper singer/dance video she did.  I find the interviews and other interuptions pretty annoying. I payed for the dance instructions not the interview.I hope the next session will have emphasis on the instructions.
 I bought this DVD because Tina Landon is one of my favorite choreographers.  She has done fitness videos in the past for MTV that I bought almost 10 years ago and still workout to today. Behind the Moves is nothing like them. It shows you just what it's title implies - behind the moves of 4 videos that  Tina has choreographed. For those of us who have had no formal dance traning, it can be hard to follow because there is no mirror image, not to mention you do need coordination, persistance & determination.  And once you finally do get the choreography down for any given segment, you realize it's only about 30 seconds of dancing. BUT, if you like to dance and are interested in something challenging buying this video used may be worth a shot.
 I wasn't raised as a Disney kid, so I was only peripherally aware of this film growing up, maybe saw some of it on TV a time or two, but never in the movie theatres or from start to finish.  Recently, however, my kid and I read the first four "Mary Poppins books and were thoroughly charmed by their odd, acerbic humor. So I thought, hmmmm, maybe we should try the movie as well, even though I knew, vaguely, that the Julie Andrews MP was much different than the mysterious faerie-nanny we had come to know from the books. Although the Disney Poppins isn't entirely sugary-sweet, she is much more benevolent and feel-good than the grouchy, cross nanny in the books. Also, though I love Dick Van Dyke dearly, having his character Bert in the film from start to finish is a big change (Bert only appears in two or three stories in the books) and he often overwhelms the rest of the film.  The Banks family is also greatly altered - instead of a spaced-out humbug, the father becomes a foreboding, socially retrograde prig, while the mother (also a space cadet in the books) is made more sympathetic, a foil for the crabby dad. (And the interjection of her being politically active, as a  voting rights suffragette, seems oddly out of place
 Mary Poppins is a wonderful tale which combines the very talented Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke. It is a great story for both young and old. However this DVD is not what I expected although there were a few extras such as a game and a very brief making of documentary, it was not as indepth as some of the other Disney DVD's on the market. So its thumbs up for the film and a thumbs down for the DVD as a whole.
 I don't feel qualified to review because it is laying where I placed it after I received it.<a href="http
 Like many people, I saw the movie as a youngster and had the sound track record.  When the DVD first came out, I was upset to find that some of it was missing!  For example, a scene where the kids are actually making the kite with paper and glue with a too-large brush and the dog makes a mess of things; at the very end Burt saying "I love you, Mary Poppins as she floats off.  With DVDs we expect a longer "directors cut of a movie, not an abridged shortened version!  Looking at the other editions for sale here, I see the running length is the same.  So, what I'd like to know is
 Anyone who has a 16x9, widescreen television will be disappointed to discover that the technical information provided by Disney.  They released this disc saying that it was in a widscreen ANAMORPHIC format.  It is not.  It is widscreen (letterbox) but it is not anamorphic so it is distorted when displayed on a widscreen television.  It's disappointing because this film is one of Walt Disney's crowning achievements and it's too bad that they didn't put it out in the best possible format.
 I really could do without any Tommy Lynley - I think Havers could carry the investigations on well enough on her own!  Still, even his moody obnoxiousness isn't enough to ruin the series completely.  The individual cases are compelling and well-written; the investigations run and interesting (and sometimes surprising) course.  As a police/investigation show, I'd give it fairly high marks.  It could do without a lot of the personal drama, which feels a bit forced and unnatural at times.  I don't know if it's the script or the acting, because although I can see good reason for some of the drama and angst, it just doesn't feel right.  I suppose in the last episode in this series it's meant to show Lynley as more human, not the unfeeling aristocratic snob he appears in the books.  However, the rest of the series has amply made him feel like a character with plenty of depth, and this just feels uncomfortable.  Still a show worth watching if you're a fan of British mysteries, but it wouldn't be at the very top of my list.
 I love the Inspector Lynley Series but couldn't watch this series because of moving, annoying lines on the top of the screen on all four installments.  I've obtained this series from two different sources now and both have these lines.
 For eleven hours of hd video you do get your money worth with this overview of Italy, but this could have been so much better. It is spoiled by never ending fast moving footage from the air that is often very dark. They can't resist keeping the camera in motion no mater how interesting what they have to show the viewer even on the ground. Editing is incredibly sloppy, seemingly done by rank amateurs, who have never learned to remove the most obvious goofs and that a simple cut looks much better than fading and devolving from one scene to another. For the low price, it is worth watching, but this could be a lesson on how not to do a travel video.
 VAI's ongoing excavation of Japanese archival broadcast performances from the 1960s and 1970s continues with this relative rarity. One is surprised to encounter, on the heels of the earlier LUCIA and FAUST in the series, an opera for which no competing DVD is in the catalogue, and for which the 1997 "Met Guide To Opera On Video lists only a single VHS performance, that one a 1952 black-and-white film of an edition so severely cut that it barely exceeded the length of a highlights CD.  Donizetti's dramatic opera LA FAVORITE was composed for Paris, as even the uninitiated might guess from the conspicuous Act II ballet, dutifully danced here by local talent. Partly for its novelty value as a showcase for a star mezzo-soprano or contralto (the only soprano role, the heroine's confidante, is decidedly secondary), it has maintained a bare toehold in the repertory. Donizetti's music, as usual (exceptions being his comedic masterpieces ELISIR and DON PASQUALE), alternates between inspired and baldly formulaic, its stronger passages anticipating Verdi. The opera usually is performed, as here, in the ghastly Italian translation LA FAVORITA, which inflicts poorly constructed verses on Donizetti's melodic lines and also rewrites key relationships, for the appeasement of censors of the day. When the Italian translators were done with their work, the basso, originally conceived as a prior at a monastery, was not only a holy man but also a sort of governor figure, as well as the father of two children, the opera's tenor hero and the off-stage queen whom the king is wronging with his affair. The tenor is thus the brother-in-law of his baritonal rival. Much is made of his belief that he must achieve military distinction in order to be worthy of his mysterious lover, whom he believes to be of noble rank (this is the mezzo character, who is also the lover of the king), though in the Italian version this low-born striver is the queen's brother. Marrying well did nothing for the station of this woman's poor family, it seems. A libretto that already poses challenges with its improbable developments, some cluttered intriguing in the middle acts (intercepted letters and the like), and the dated nature of its moral values and dilemmas (even by Italian bel canto standards), becomes ludicrous verging on incomprehensible. The French version, which recently has been well served on an RCA audio recording starring Vesselina Kasarova and Ramon Vargas, is far superior as music and theater. The Italian bastardization can succeed only if supported by great singing.  Fortunately, more of the principals here can oblige us than not. Working my way up from lowest to highest voice, Ruggero Raimondi, a lad of 29 at the time and quite the youngest member of this quartet, was just embarking on that stretch of 15 years or so when he was the featured basso in every prestigious production or recording of an Italian opera for which Nicolai Ghiaurov could not be engaged. (I exaggerate. Slightly.) He has been aged convincingly for stage purposes as Baldassarre, and his admirers will find much to enjoy. His vocalism is silken-smooth as usual, with a little more punch and solidity to it than is often the case (he often sounds more juiced on stage than in the studio), and he is becomingly recorded. There is no getting around the weak bottom notes, a career-long debit, but it is a strong showing. The most significant blot on the performance is Sesto Bruscantini's Alfonso. Bruscantini in 1971 already had a few decades of experience behind him, and as late as the mid-1980s he continued to demonstrate his utility in live performances and recordings of comedic roles in COSI FAN TUTTE, DON PASQUALE and LA FORZA DEL DESTINO under no less exacting a conductor than Riccardo Muti. But the qualities that enable one to excel in a buffo part such as Don Pasquale or Fra Melitone are of little help in a bel canto dramatic assignment that demands facility with long lyric lines and some measure of florid dexterity. The Act II sequence "Vieni, amor!...De'nemici tuoi lo sdegno is, quite simply, calamitous. The baritone struggles with both pitch and balance, and fights a losing battle with a wobble so pronounced that it renders much of the music unintelligible. One winces for Bruscantini, and wants for his sake and one's own for the final bar line to be reached. The polite reception he receives for this entrance is to the great credit of a gracious Tokyo audience. Bruscantini remains a liability in an ensuing duet with the mezzo; thereafter, he effects a partial recovery, but never raises his standing above mediocre. At no point could this unsteady, poorly focused growling and barking be mistaken for good singing, and the preservation of this performance does no credit to a distinguished career.  The evaluation is reversed in the case of our Fernando, Alfredo Kraus, who all by himself would justify the purchase of this DVD for the master class in the arts of mezzavoce and legato that he provides in his Act IV solo. Kraus has come down to posterity as a singer prized for the finer points, for stylishness and elegance, and this is as it should be. What often surprises me, although I should not continue to be surprised at this point, is the sheer power that he can summon along with those virtues. He sounds as though he could hold his final high note in this opera -- and a thrilling, ringing thing it is -- for days. His partner, Fiorenza Cossotto, singing the eponymous role, can be seen today as a well-balanced bridging figure in her performing tradition. Her manner is gutsy and temperamental, and she is not above some old-fashioned breaking of character to bask in a triumph. Having just sung an aria that includes such lines as "Heaven itself decreed my grief...At my feet the grave has opened, she throws her arms wide open and beams, ecstatic. Character Leonora is not eagerly anticipating the fulfillment of a morbid death fantasy; singer Fiorenza is just especially pleased with the climactic high notes she has nailed, and with the three-minute ovation she gets for the effort. It would be easy to note such a display and consign Cossotto to the old school without qualification; but in fact, she combines that gusto and abandon with a quite modern respect for musical values. Like Kraus, she can be both forceful *and* graceful, and while her stage acting is only serviceable, she is at a rarefied level in her ability to use her voice's colors, shadings, and dynamics in the service of the text. The power of her acting is always in the musical gesture and nuance, not in the things she does with her hands or her face. On her personal 1-to-10 scale, this performance is about an "8 -- a few tones at the very top come out slightly squeezed, and her high note to close out the noisy Act III ensemble is not quite up to pitch -- but Cossotto at "8 is a tremendous pleasure. She was something of "la favorita herself for record companies in the 1960s and 1970s, and was able to commit almost all of her signature roles to deluxe commercial recordings in that period. Her later Decca recording of this part, opposite Pavarotti, is note-complete, as this is not (here she sings only one verse of the Act III cabaletta, and is allowed to modify the coda by dropping out for a couple of measures so as to load up for the big money notes at the finish), but in every other respect the live performance is to be preferred. The mezzo's voice has more freshness and sap, with all its distinctive characteristics in evidence
 I bought this recently and just watched it.  The picture quality is horrible.  You cannot see anyone in the orchestra since the picture is dark and grainy.  The sound is surprisingly excellent and in stereo.  The orchestra is very good.  The singing is top notch although Bruscantini was far below expectations.  Cossotto was a pleasure and a very young Raimondi who was made up to look very old was terrific.  But what makes this DVD a good buy is the opportunity to hear and see Alfredo Kraus.  One of the top tenors in my lifetime he is at his best in this opera.  Only the graininess and darkness of the picture brings my rating of this down to a three.
 La Favorita will never be one of my favorites, but it has its moments...a few anyway. This was a 1971 production in Tokyo.  The dancers and chorus were Japanese, which caused some trouble in choruses such as "A lei son plesso alfine! which tended to come out as "A ray sor plesso arfeeney.  But nevermind that.  The production as a whole and the opera itself were rather awful...summoning up every opra cliche and staged ineptly.  (I was tempted to go back through the whole thing and list all the blunders, much as I once did for Florence Foster Jenkins, but I decided not to.) So why buy the DVD?  Because I heard the same production on Notre Dame's art-music radio station.  Radio compliments the work as one doesn't have to watch the awful staging and acting and the libretto doesn't matter.  BUT the voices of the principals got my attention.  Four folks in terrific form
 Sigmund Freud could have written the script, had not the religious people in this film been described as pretty normal. Or at least, their religion is not their problem. But still, killing your mother's lover and then trying to live on sounds like something that would have come straight out of Freud's own dark subconscious.  Synthersizer music, women with straight long hair and the colours (among other things) give an early eighties feeling, which of course always is a good thing. The story is not very original, but not uncreative either. A broken mirror and a man who has been dead for 20 years make people bleed, scared or dead. If Michael Myers wears a Halloween mask, Jason a hockey mask, this guy wears a stocking over his head. That's original, but not independent.  The film is never scary, but neither uninteresting; actually it's rather fascinating and entertaining.
 Not a bad collection of Bond material, however, this is a mix of various Bond movies with a variety of leading Bond actors. I recommend looking into the 1996 Collections that have the videos in chronological order and primarily by actor. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 1 includes all six Broccoli-produced Sean Connery Bond films, to include a 1995 documentary video. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 2 includes all seven Roger Moore films and Timothy Dalton's first film. Although these sets are out-of-print, they are still available as used and collector's sets through Amazon.com's Marketplace. If you're like most fans, you'd prefer to have the movies that include your own favorite  leading-Bond-man !
 Frankly, I was not that impressed by this box (the first box was top  notch, however). In my opinion, MGM rushed this box (and TWINE) out of the  door, at the expense of quality. TMWTGG refused to play the 2nd layer, but  thank you, Amazon, for replacing it. The picture quality of the other  movies is excellent, but none of the movies feature a 2nd audio commentary,  as opposed to 6 of the 1st box. On the bright side, the movie that started  it all is included, as well as Lazenby's only flic, which compensate for  Moonraker. IMHO, you might as well get OHMSS or whichever movie you like  best, and forget the rest, unless you're a die-hard JB fan.
 I just bought James Bond Collection, Vol. 2 for my brother and much to my surprise found that THREE of the titles were also in Vol. 1 of the series (which he has).  What a rip-off!  Paid over $100.00 for 3 new discs. Very disappointing.
 The unltimate Classic's of 007's Sean Connery and Roger Moore
 These Bond bundles were apparently designed to package one or two essential movies in each set together with several bad movies. Vol. 1 was a reasonably good collection with not too many weaknesses, Vol. 3 a travesty with the incomprable From Russia With Love lumped in with the bottom of the Bond barrel. This set falls somewhere in between. Dr. No, the first movie in the series, is also one of the best. Man With the Golden Gun is one of Moore's least annoying, I actually found it pretty enjoyable. The Spy Who Loved Me is not horrible but pretty forgettable. Moonraker is a joke, with the worst climax ever. Hardest to review is On Her Majesty's Secret Service. George Lazenby plays Bond for the first (and mercifully the last) time. The tragedy here is that they waste one of the best Bond scripts and the best heroine on the worst Bond. Diana Rigg is magnificent, virtually the only Bond girl with an actual character to play. If Bond was ever going to truly fall in love, it would have to be with her.
 It is a good souvenir from my Youth. It is in black and white and the sound is not perfect but it always remember me the time when I was only 8 years old. If you do not know the classic series of Robin Hood, buy at least the DVD #1 to learn of Robin of Loxley is become Robin Hood.
 This is the DVD release of the 1987 movie "Graveyard Shift".  It is about a vampire that drives a cab in New York at night.  This helps him find his victims, which must be a woman who is dying or wants to die.  This movie embraces the theory that if you die by being bitten by a vampire you automatically become a vampire.  This raises a question as to why the vampire appears to be so careful in the selection of his prey.  He does not bother to make sure his victims do not return as vampires and his victims, when they return as vampires, turn around and start killing innocents.  He nonetheless eventually falls in love with one of the women he meets.  The idea of hooking up with women by driving a cab made the movie original but it makes no sense that a vampire that apparently had a certain set of morals in selecting his victims would then turn around and leave them to become vampires themselves.  That little bit of illogical behavior is found in other vampire films however clear back to the original "Dracula so it shouldn't put off diehard fans.  The movie is fairly well presented and has a lot of artistic merit that earned it a lot of praise from viewers.  While I would never call it one of my personal favorites I'd recommend it all the same to folks that enjoy these low budget ventures into the world of the undead.
 Graveyard Shift (now released under the title CENTRAL PARK DRIFTER) is just your average vampire flick. Nothing too spactacular, just a vampire cab driver taking his victems one by one. This movie is fairly well presented and has some artistic elements within its filming. Not one of my favorites, but I would recommend it to vampire film lovers. I've seen better vampire films, and I've seen a lot worse ones. There is also a sequel titled UNDERSTUDY
 I bought the 2006 edition on DVD and it was great.  I was waiting for this in Hi Def as the entire series was shot that way but alas it does not appear that it will be available.  What gives.  Is MLB losing it.  They have not had Bluray editions of any of the past world series and I would have expected it for at least the last 3.  So disappointed.  Common MLB we what it in high deffinition!!!!!  Oh the games were great and I want to see game 6 over and over again but I still want it on BluRay.  Update
 for YEARS this was all we had of Jimi's appearance at the Isle of Wight. It's a shorter, lo-fi version of Wild Blue Angel. Unless you lived with this version, and don't care otherwise, buy the newly released Blue Wild Angel DVD instead, it has MUCH better sound, and the complete performance. Well, almost complete. The CD has two or three tracks, like "Hey Baby/New Rising Sun that you won't find here.
 you'll refer to this one now again, not often, but you'll be pleased you have it in the collection.  the man is clearly from another planet.
 When I boutht this dvd, I thought I was gonna see a whole concert. Was I  totally wrong! This is not an entire concert. But who would forget Jimi's searing rendition of red house? not me. For those of you that like Hendrix's pyrotechnics, get the following
 Before I saw this movie, I thought it was a comedy. But this movie is so gory and there is so much violence that you shouldn't call it a real comedy. It is a thriller with some funny moments.  If you look at it  serious, you will probably hate it. But if you don't think about the  tragedy and the drama, then it's an enjoyable movie.  The performances of  the actors are great and there are some very funny scenes.  Good to see  once, but not twice.
 This black comedy took me 2 sittings to get through it, however I am glad that I did - it is SO sick that it is funny.  The high testosterone level of the movie was irritating, ever for this male viewer, but heck - they were in DEEP and didn't really handle it all that well.  Saying that, there were some classic scenes of weirdness that I have just never seen before, making it worth the price of admission. If you want something to shake you up and you are not upset by tasteless humor, this movie should be on your rental list.  Diaz is great, and all the 'bachelors' in the party-gone-bad are pretty good when their time comes, some better than others...  Slater was the big name, but he was just simply the scumbucket that all the others worked off of - and I enjoyed the 'other' performances a lot more.   Give it a run through the VCR when this kind of urge hits ya...
 This was a good movie.  Not great, but well worth watching... when your mom is not around.  The cast is perfect and the comedy ensues as the errors compound, erupting in a final  happy  ending.  See this movie at least once.
 by Dane Youssef  Well, now here's one that feels like doesn't just feel like another machine-made piece from off the assembly line. Here is a movie that feels like it has it's own ideas, thoughts, edges and all.  The studio execuives didn't dig their claws into this one, sucking all the nerve and originality out of it just to make it inoffensive and more filt for mass consumption.  All the more making this a move that's really worth seeing for those who don't like movies that just connect-the-dots and paint-by-numbers. In other words, a movie that desperately needs to exist. And be seen.  A bizzare combo protein-shake of black comedy, thriller and horror show, this is one of those Slow Saturday Night cult films that the weirdo clerk behind the counter is always personally recommending for those customers who ae kind of like his pals.  "Very Bad Things is a film that plays out like a worse-case scenerio. One of those movies that puts a group of relative people in a situation where everything that can possibly go wrong... does. Hopefully, with results that translate to a good movie.  I found the movie to work on multiple levels. As an angry, aggressive, and assertive male-bonding comedy. As a thriller. As a white-knuckle, nail-biting action film. As a nightmare.  Writer/Director Peter Berg remarks he came up with the idea for this movie when he was at a bachelor party and saw the rowdy and over-the-top behavior from a lot of the other guests. These guys were looking for trouble, he said. What would happen if they found it? More than they could handle.  The movie is all-over-the-map, but I like that about it. Berg sets up some cynical suburbanites and their rowdy behavior and puts them in several life-or-death situations, which despite what many say, is thrilling to watch.  Christian Slater gives the strongest performance as the devil-may-care Robert Boyd, a man who seems to have no moral threshold. We never doubt his actions for a second. Slater knows how to play this character as plays him to the hilt.  Daniel Stern plays his usual nebbish. From the "City Slickers movies, the "Home Alone movies and all his others, he's appropriately nervous and uneasy--especially after what's occurring right now. There's are massive murders bobbing up and the body count is still rising.  Cameron Diaz is also effective doing an evil turn on the wedding-obsessed loon she was in "My Best Friend's Wedding as a woman who doesn't care about anything else but having her big day. As far as she's concerned, the guests and the groom are secondary. She nitpicks and she bullies and berates. Many guys see this as the epitome of the woman who's about to have her big day.  Jon Faverau isn't as "money as he's been in other roles, but maybe that's because he's supposed to be the straight man. He's a little too straight. Too stiff. You kind of wish they had spiced him up some more. He appears to just be in shock and going along with the flow most of the time, like a tag-along.  The movie plays out as a dark comedic thriller and at times a morality tale. What I like the most is the anarchy of the film and the performance of Christian Slater and especially the different ways the men and women in the movie react to him.  Watch for his scene with Tripplehorn when they go one-on-one. The homages to "Good Fellas and "Reservior Dogs are cute and memorable too.  Like I said before, this is a must-see for anyone who hates generic, paint-by-numbers movies. If this sounds like your cup of tea (and it damn well should), you're someone after my own heart. Then THIS is a must-see.  Next time you're at the video store looking for a movie with huevos that hit hard (but don't worry, not down there exactly)...  danessf@yahoo.com  http
 Black comedy... are you kidding me.  This one is just a little too over the top to really fall into that category.  But just the idea of it is great.  It's every woman's nightmare.  Her man is on the way with his loser friends to Vegas (much against her protestations) for a weekend of God knows what.  Of course you have the classic different personality types.  Some ultra conservatives, some guy always looking for an angle, a guy who thinks he's much cooler then he really is, and then the guy in the middle who just so happens to be the fiance of said woman (Cameron Diaz) Now throw in the fact that the woman is just an overly uptight and insecure [person] and you know that all manner of mayhem is on it's way.  But even I couldn't have imagined the lengths and depths to which these guys would go.  The film is just a little to ridiculous for real enjoyment.  But nonetheless you'll get some great laughs from it.  And if your friends are anything like mine I could really see all of us as the characters in the film.   Worth a look just don't expect shakespeare (although) you could almost think of it in terms of a greek tragedy.
 As many other reviewers have stated, I would definitely not call this a comedy (not even a dark comedy).  This was much more of a dark drama.  However, I will have to disagree with everyone who has said that the acting is poor.  I think that Christian Slater did a fantastic job in his role, and the other big name actors and actresses were surprisingly good with what they had to work with.  I think the plot was interesting, but not fantastic.  All in all, if this movie was marketed as a Drama, it would have gotten 4 stars from me.  I just don't think it lived up to its reputation as a comedy.  The movie itself is good if you let yourself get over the initial shock over the lack of humor, and I will definitely watch it again (and will probably enjoy it more now that I know what I am getting into).  Still a good buy, just be prepared for what it is.
 On the subject of this intensely love-it-or-hate-it movie, I am torn between absolute revulsion at the most disgusting, morbid movie I have ever seen and the fact that I laughed for about ten minutes straight at the end.  When the guy stabs the security officer and they shove him into the bathroom and we have to listen to his screams for mercy as he bleeds to death, we must wonder
 In general I approve of black comedy.   Theatre of Blood  is a favourite of mine, for example.  I thought  Fargo  was great.  VBT, however, does not work for me as entertainment;  I think this is for  one very simple reason
 I saw this movie on life time and agree with other reviewers that it is one of the most decent love stories except for the daughter giving the mother the finger and teaching her how to drink but that's pretty clean for Hollywood these days. It does have a anti-parent feel to it that wants to make you believe you  can do better without them but let me warn you about getting your messages about life from Hollywood you can  only go as high as humans can go in their presentation. Just human love, sucess, and music is not enough to live by especially when facing death you certainly need something higher than yourself in both cases. Besides that the movie does give you a better understanding of what it means to be deaf both the good and bad situations it carries with it
 This movie had enough drama for two different movies.  For that matter, it should have been two different movies and I would have probably liked it better that way.  The first act has to do with the drama between the girl and her mother - the second part - well, I won't be a spoiler, but it changes direction radically in the second act and goes over the top.  It wasn't a waste of time, but I thought it could have been a lot better.  P.S.  I strongly suspect that the positive reviews for this movie were ballot-stuffed by the filmmakers.
 11 out of 12 reviewers (now 12 with mine) are in agreement. 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' is all about the very sexy, kittenish Yvette Vickers in the role of the town tramp Liz Walker. Yvette undoubtedly got the part based on her recent popularity as the July '59 "Playmate of the Month and all the males out there who were in their adolescence back in the late fifties certainly appreciated her inclusion in the film. She certainly made it watchable for me.  Make no mistake, you're watching this movie for one reason and one reason only. Thanks for the memories Miss Vickers!  Note
 Most bad movies are simply bad, but now and then you stumble upon one that has an odd charm--and if you are in the mood for it, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES can be quite a bit of fun.  The story is an amalgamation of every 1950s movie cliche you can imagine. Sultry Liz (Yvette Vickers) is a swamp siren and stepping out on unattractive hubby Dave (Bruno VeSoto), roaming the night and stumbling upon a dead poacher covered with hickeys from hell.  Does this give her pause?  Of course not, and when hubby catches Liz and her latest flame he drives them into the swap with a shotgun to teach them a lesson.  It's only to scare them, and boy is he sure surprised when a couple of guys rise up out of the water wearing black plastic.  When they carry off Liz and her beau, game warden Steve (Ken Clark) gets seriously involved, and pretty soon everybody in the swamp is worried, upset, and even downright concerned.  Vickers was a memorable beauty and the film shows her assets to good advantage; Ken Clark was a hairy-chested stud and the movie shows his skin as well.  The rest of the cast is merely adequate at best, but they are fun, and the script is classically silly.  Everybody drinks coffee.  A lot of coffee.  Everybody gasps in dismay.  A lot of dismay.  The men are butch and the women are femme.  And the leeches... well, when you get a good look at them, they're pretty silly looking, but even so the movie does manage a shock or two, what with victims writhing in the leeches' lair and open-eyed corpses floating in the water.  If you're into "B horror movies from the 1950s, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES is right up there with ATTACK OF THE FIFTY FOOT WOMAN (which also featured Vickers), a popcorn classic of its kind.  Recommended for those who enjoy the genre.  GFT, Amazon Reviewer
 This is one of the zillion Roger Corman horror flicks of the fifties in which normal creatures are turned into monsters thanks to you guessed it, nuclear energy.  This time it's the bloodthirsty leech that gets the monster treatment, replete with actors in rubber leech suits.  At a mercifully short 62 minutes, one doesn't have too much time to really fault this sometimes howlable horror.  Ken Clark (a blond Clint Walker) is hopelessly deadpan and Yvette Vickers camps it up as the swamp slut.  If you're an aficionado of the 50s giant bug movies, you'll have fun with this one.
 I am as unoriginal as the other reviewers of this movie.  Playboy Playmate Yvette Vickers (July 1959) is certainly one reason to watch this movie.  Actually, I watched the movie for the articles.  Oh, wait.  This is a movie, not a magazine.  Forget what I just said.  Yvette was certainly a lovely young lady in this movie (she is older than my mother, meaning she is a grandmother now), but the star attraction is the rubbery-looking leeches that look about as menacing as Barney the Dinosaur.  Well, Barney may be more threatening.  Anyway, the leeches are a lot of fun and this movie has some moments of genuine tension.  Our story takes place in a swamp (where else would you find giant leeches?).  There is a subplot involving a good-looking babe (Vickers) and her boyfriend and her hulkish husband.  Forget all that nonsense and fast forward to the leeches practically leaping out of the water to capture the people who foolishly go into the water.  Okay, maybe the leeches did not exactly LEAP, but they did float in a sinister fashion, slowly, I might add, and then pulled their victims under to be stored in a cave for leisurely blood sucking.  Nearly everyone else in this movie is clueless as to what is happening until almost the final minutes of the movie, when it suddenly becomes evident that GIANT LEECHES HAVE KIDNAPPED A BUNCH OF PEOPLE AND ARE SUCKING THEIR BLOOD OUT IN A CAVE.  Had these people only read the title of the movie they might have had a clue earlier.  This movie could be another Roger Corman film that has so much schlock that it begs to be put out of its misery.  However, with the exception of the lust...er...love story, this movie is played like a straight horror movie and turns out to be reasonably enjoyable.  Yes, the leeches are a bit humorous when you first see them.  Yes, you wonder how anything that moves as slow as these leeches could capture anyone.  Yes, the radiation turning the leeches into giant killer monsters is incredibly clich&eacute;.  Yet, this movie is a better than average mutated creature film.  I enjoyed watching this thing in the 1960's and being at the edge of my seat (I was very young then).  Though my perspective has changed a lot in several decades, I still found this movie occasionally humorous, tense for a few moments, and short enough to be eminently worthy of watching once again.  Yes, you have to like campy horror and science fiction movies from the late 50's and early 60's to like this movie, but if you do you have found a good addition to your collection.  Enjoy!
 This film is just plain bad, but then it's fun, if you have a slow Saturday afternoon.  This DVD is made from a very poor print and looks soft to me.  You'll see some actors that you've seen in other films from this era, but all-in-all just watch it for fun.
 Fans of fifties creature features should enjoy this smarmy swamp saga about vampirish predators that keep captives in caves to suffer lingering, sucked-dry deaths.  The monsters are fearsomely fun, the hero hairy-chested and handsome, the leading lady clingy and lovely, and the leading non-lady cleavaged and vampily luscious.  The scripting is tolerably sensible, and the acting and direction are above average for this sort of cinema.  In its day, this movie's gruesome mutants and waterborne dead bodies would have seemed more grisly than gleeful.  But today,  both adjectives can be applied in abundance!
 Set in the Florida swamps - "near Cape Canaveral, where there's radiation - some pretty scary things are going on, i.e. sweaty drunk hillbillies are disappearing faster than the sheriff can count 'em.  Though it takes him a while to admit the need to kill wildlife, the swamp marshall (probably a federal employee, hence at odds with local poachers and old-boy law enforcement) mounts an investigation.  He finds 'em.  As a kid, I only saw images from this in my Famous Monsters of Filmland mag, and always wanted to see this.  Even though they are men in rubber suits, this is pretty fun, starting with Yvette Vickers, the Playboy pinup who went on to cult status as the attacking 50-foot woman.  Yep, she is the tramp, trapped in the lair of the radioactive leeches and submitting to their attentions while screaming.  OK, I don't think Ill watch again anytime soon, but hey, you gotta fulfill at least some of your childhood dreams, eh?
 Not  much to say about the movie, it's a Saturday afternoon 'B' movie, with Ken Clark looking very hunky and a bit wooden!
 The story takes place in a Florida swamp near Cape Canaveral where those atomic payloads keep falling. A swamp hunter comes back from the swamp with the tale of a strange creature that took four slugs from his mighty gun to dispatch. However he brings back no proof. That night wayward wife Liz (Yvette Vickers) just happens to be wandering around in the swamp when she spots is very same hunter that appears to have been leehcie- aided. Even though the Hunter really never touched a wayward wife the local authorities don't believe in giant leeches so they attributed his death to misadventure. It is not until several other people seem to be disappearing under the same mysterious circumstances that the authorities are finally starting to get curious.  Fat slob Dave (Bruno VeSota) catches his wife Liz on the very edge of the swamp fooling around with his best friend Cal (Michael Emmet). So Dave scares them off into the swamp with a shotgun. And you guessed it. They too become leehcie- aided.  Against the advice of the local game warden (Ken Clark) the local Doc Greyson (Tyler McVey) decides to use dynamite to sort this out. What will he find?  Mean time through the whole movie Liz Walker (Yvette Vickers) keeps hanging around near the leeches and you just know she needs to be eaten or at least sucked.  <a href="http
 I purchased this tape when I started attending a Yang saber class. The instructor had learned the YMAA saber style by watching this same video so I was assured that the form shown on the tape would be exactly the form that I was going to be learning. Note
 This is a classic. It is hilarious. The dvd containes both full-screen and wide-screen formats, which is nice, because it's a good full screen film, so that's how I'll view it until I get a widescreen television. On the other hand, the 1
 It is extremely annoying when a title is re-released in Blu-ray format with no restoration, or for that matter with no improvement on the image quality provided by the original DVD. Most films placed on Blu-ray stand out because of their crystal clear image and excellent sound. This makes it worth buying again, even if one possesses the original DVD copy, simply to have the improved performance on the screen, which may be even further enhanced by good quality equipment. This Blu-ray edition is far inferior to the original DVD edition, which used to have a number of interesting extras and the Blu-ray has absolutely none!  As to the film itself, in my opinion, it still rates as one of the best comedies ever to be produced for the cinema. A very clever story, by John Cheese, with tremendous dialogue and very good acting from all the principals. There are some exaggerations in the plot, but this is true of most comedies.  I noticed that the Blu-ray edition of this film will be released in the UK in August. I hope that after this long delay, this release will have the necessary improvements, especially in image quality, to make it worth a 5 star rating, and possibly induce one to acquire once more.
 This watchable melodrama, having a full share of fairly savage moments, avoids being one of Philippine schlockmeister Ciro Santiago's most flagrantly weak efforts, although it is recognized as a bald remake of the Robert Aldrich directed 1967 thick ear, THE DIRTY DOZEN.  As with all of Santiago's films, this unexpectedly effective affair is shot in the Philippines, being the third of his efforts having a Vietnam setting, and not intended as a crude shocker, as are the prior pair, while nonetheless offering a great deal of screentime for stuntmen and demolition specialists.  The film opens with United States Army Captain Rosello (Anthony Finetti) leading a platoon into an enemy village to destroy a munitions depot.  This is explosively accomplished, although many U. S. casualties are a result.  Since few return from this adventure, other troops refuse any association with Rosello, who is then reassigned to lead a squad made up of generally felonious scapegraces.  Beneath his guidance, the men gradually begin to work as a team, in spite of the cinematically guaranteed mishmash that they are (Hispanic, negro, bigot, doper, religious fanatic), the lattermost performed by Loren Haynes, who writes and sings the film's closing song.  For the miscreant squad's initial mission, they are tasked with capturing a Viet Cong colonel, along with the destruction of a strategically significant bridge.  Success with this assignment will sanction Rosello's aspirations to proficiency in leadership.  However, it soon becomes clear that the squad is not yet functional as a closely-knit unit, and Rosello decides to take his charges into a local brothel in hopes of improving their general attitude.  Unfortunately, while there, they become engaged in a drunken brawl with some Marines, resulting in their winding up in jail, from where they are released specifically in order to tackle their most dangerous duty assignment, involving recapture of the since-freed Viet Cong colonel, while at the same time rescuing several Army nurse hostages captured by the V.C. during as assault upon a U.S. military hospital.  Naturally, none of this has any apparent basis in fact.  A good deal of battle action is found here, characteristic of any Santiago film, and many players of his stock company are at hand, as virtually all of the cast have appeared in other Santiago movies.  Additionally, stereotypes prevail among the characters.  Perhaps Santiago's greatest strength as a director, well-constructed build-up sequences, merely lead here to his primary weakness, a failure to develop impact from these episodes.  This film is, in sum, unpersuasive hokum from the bottom barrel of imagination.  If a viewer will not be interested in seeing a superfluity of gunfights replete with many bullet squibs, and explosions, it would be better to spend one's time elsewhere.  However, it should be noted that Santiago has refined his endeavours to the point that this work will garner one's attention throughout its 90 minute length.  It can still be found upon a Media Home Entertainment VHS tape having good audio and visual quality, but is not available as a DVD and it is unlikely that it will be released in that format.
 Locked Down is yet another low budget MMA flick that uses UFC stars as it's main hook. It's not bad but it's not great either. Forrest Griffin, Cheick Kongo, Rashad Evans, and the biggest disappointment in UFC/MMA history, Kimbo Slice show up and are actually quite entertaining for this type of film. Forrest and Rashad might headline legit action films one day. If Channing Tatum can do it, so can these guys. Tony Schiena stars as a MMA enhanced cop set up by crooked witnesses/jurors after a drug bust goes sour. Of course, he's locked down with criminals he helped put away and his biggest nemesis, Vinnie Jones now has the warden, guards, and most convicts in his pocket. Jones runs a cage fighting racket, prostitutes, and every thing else you can think of from inside the prison's walls. It doesn't take long before Schiena is pushed to face a few goons in the cage and eventually, Vinnie's top fighter (Lance Cartwright) in a death match. A cutie from IA (Sarah Ann Schultz) takes an interest in Schiena's case and it's up to her to get our hero out of prison before he gets killed in there. Locked Down is a decent rental and nothing more. How many MMA prison flicks do we need anyway? Van Damme and Seagal did it before the Undisputed series and it's totally played out at this point. We don't mind direct to dvd quality MMA fare but these hack filmmakers need to start coming up with some new ideas. Rent it and watch with a lunchtime sandwich & soup combo.
 I carry virtually all of the Tapout/MMA films as their group has a following locally, but customers have also gotten picky about which films to watch as these movies are blurring together in plots and generic fights. Overall, this one carries a rent-worthy recommendation for a few reasons I will list, but the acting was so bad throughout that you find yourself fast-forwarding to the next slo-mo/music video fight sequence to finish it. Essentially this is the same cast/crew from the movie mentioned below with Kimbo, but just a little more polished.  The story follows a cop getting framed then imprisoned where most of the guys he locked up also are residing. Vinnie Jones plays the fight club operator in this prison, who sadly enough we do not ever get to see him fight in this. The MMA cast gets intermittent screen time throughout and I figure only fans of these guys will be checking in on this so I will list them out
 ***1/2  In the allegorical "James' Journey to Jerusalem, a deeply religious young man, filled with idealism and hope, leaves his village in Africa to embark on a pilgrimage to the Holy City.  There he hopes to glean some spiritual inspiration before returning home to start life as a pastor.  However, things do not quite work out for James the way he envisions them.  Immediately upon his arrival in Israel and before he can even make it to the famed city, he is unjustly thrown into jail, then "sold into a kind of paid slavery to the business man who ponies up his bail.  James is forced to live in a kind of community barracks with other young men in his situation and is sent around town to do cleaning, gardening and an assortment of other odd jobs.  As James toils at his labors and interacts with both his "superiors and peers, he learns a great deal about life in a land where the weak are taken advantage of by the strong and where friendly words and acts of seeming kindness are doled out with an air of class-conscious racism and condescension.  This is a fascinating film in many ways, for it introduces us to a milieu filled with unfamiliar situations and faces.  James is, obviously, a sincere and devout individual whose innocence and naivete endear us to him, even when it is those very qualities that make it difficult for him to exist and function in a world far more crassly commercial and uncaringly cynical than the one he expects to find.  Yet, at the same time, James has a strength of spirit and a resourcefulness that allow him to triumph, even if only temporarily, over the adversities that befall him.  However, even the saintly James, who keeps a firm grasp on his principles early on, eventually learns that one sometimes has to violate a moral code or two to get ahead in life.  In many ways, this is like a modern "Pilgrim's Progress or "Young Goodman Brown, with the noble protagonist leaving the safety and familiarity of his home to venture forth into a world filled with evils and temptations - but always with the hope of reaching that famed "City on a Hill at the end.  However, there is one rather disturbing aspect to the film, and that is that, almost without exception, all the Israelis whom James encounters are greedy, grasping  exploiters who see James and all of his compatriots as little more than chattel to do their work for them,  talking down to and taking advantage of them every chance they get.  Even his boss` elderly father, with whom James establishes a certain precarious "friendship, is really just a bitter, angry racist, hardly deserving of James' loyalty and trust.  But to be fair, it isn't just the Jewish Israelis - even the black minister of the church that James attends ends up exploiting him.  Since the film originates from Israel, it would be a bit difficult to accuse it of being anti-Semitic, and perhaps this film is that country's attempt to come to terms with a decidedly negative aspect of the nation's people and character - equivalent to the many Hollywood films made about racism, discrimination and exploitation in the United States of America.  Whatever the motivation, "James' Journey to Jerusalem is a moving film about xenophobia, the class struggle and the fragility of hopes and dreams.  The ironic final image brings that last theme home in a heartbreaking way.  For James does finally reach his destination, but not quite in the way he intended.
 Good story of innocence, corruption, and capitalist economies. Satirical black comedy w/an unexpected frayer in the end.
 The Israelis portrayed in the film are all crass, greedy, selfish, dishonest, exploitative, overweight slobs. What could have been an honest critique of materialistic capitalism and contemporary Israel degenerates into an apology for the Intifada, tinged with the stench of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion. I guess the hate group that bankrolled this film got what they wanted.
 Claimed to be in both full and wide screen. But, not so. Either side is full screen!
 Of these two films in one package, Black Widow is the better drama.  It's a mystery in the classic style.  The guilt of the killer (played to the hilt by a sultry Theresa Russell) is not in question.  The issue is how the investigator (Debra Winger) will catch her, after tracking her across the country.  The plot is clever, the narrative moves along nicely, and the direction by veteran Bob Rafelson features some beautiful visuals, particularly after the action moves from the Pacific Northwest to Hawaii.  By comparison, the Vanishing is a remake of a European film, with some differences in the plot.  The events are, however, curiously implausible.  Distraught after the disappearance and apparent death of his girlfriend (a then-unknown Sandra Bullock), Kiefer Sutherland makes sustained efforts to find the killer, only to fall under his spell when he finally meets the murderer in person.  In sum, Black Widow works well; The Vanishing falls short.
 Stone was either being over cautious (having developed PTSD associated with pressure and marginalization following "JFK") or he's lost his ability to make good movies.  Although I thought the cast and Stone's direction of their acting were O.K. to very good, the story line was disjointed -- not helped by continuous flash backs and flash forwards to disconnected time points. When trying to extract the basic story, I concluded it's about an inept son endlessly trying to get his father's approval -- and never succeeds no matter what he improbably accomplishes. If the main characters had not been Bush and his henchmen then it would have been a poor rendering of some father-son cliche.  The language in the dialogue was too tame to be the real thing -- not enough, barely any, expletives. Condi Rice et al were carboard cutouts. But the worst was that none -- make that NONE -- of the characters underwent any character/personality changes. There was no development of any kind. Finally, the Bush character was portrayed as a classically tragic hero (rather than the country that he had so utterly abused). So then from begininng to end Stone's movie lacked honesty.  Taken all together
 Going into this movie I figured it would be a Bush bashing film. I was wrong. It was actually very balanced and an interesting look into the former president's life. His hard drinking days up until when he quit drinking (age 40), was an eye opener and almost disturbing at times. Another head shaker was his father (George Sr.) bailing "Junior out of one mess after another and the film depicting George W. as a perpetual party animal, time waster and unable to stay gainfully employed until he stopped his boozing. It is a worthwhile watch. BnB Beatles Depot
 Ignore whatever facts may or may not exist (consider them Iraqi WMD's, if you will).  Ignore Stone's political agenda (which, let's face it, most of his viewers usually do).  Judge "W. as a movie, as a work of art.  Yes, anything about George W. Bush is bound to be controversial, to bring out liberals who praise it and conservatives who damn it.  Forget politics; look at the film as a MOVIE, which, all politics aside, it is.  That being said, "W. doesn't quite stand up.  Oliver Stone has occasionally--though rarely--miss-fired, and "W. is unfortunately such a case.  What's worse, the film's failures are due to Stone's personal political agenda; he rushed the film out before the November 2008 elections (what for, we can't help but wonder; Bush was out no matter what), and in doing so sacrificed some artistic integrity.  The movie's first half is little more than a collection of scenes; good scenes, yes, but they don't really congeal into one whole piece.  The last half is certainly the better, as Bush begins to face his inner and outer demons, and America goes into a war nobody's really sure if they want or not  The acting is certainly the film's strength.  Elizabeth Banks brings charisma to the role of Laura Bush; Richard Dreyfuss, as Chaney, is superb; Jeffrey Wright, as Colin Powell, is a scene-stealer; James Cromwell, as Bush Sr., is charismatic and graceful as always.  But, of course, the true star here is Josh Brolin, who tackles the title role.  It is a role that few actors could pull off; however, Brolin's dedication to character is remarkable.  He looks the part and sounds the part, but it is more than that; he finds the strengths and weaknesses of George W. Bush, the privileges and the drawbacks to being the President of the United States.  In other words, as always, Brolin is simply remarkable.  So, whatever politics you have (or don't have), you should judge "W. as a film, not a political piece.  Unfortunately, it suffers from the director's ambition to send a political message; perhaps the worst thing is, the film fails in that regard, even--it's not so much too little too late as it is simply needless.  Fortunately, the movie is rooted by strong performances all around, but especially from Josh Brolin, who is shaping up to be one of Hollywood's next great actors.
 Josh Brolin plays a fascinating George W. Bush and Richard Dreyfus is Dick Cheney.  The movie shows Bush''s life from Yale cheerleader to the 43rd President of the United States.  He leads an amazing life with huge events that he has to face and deal with, sibling and paternal rivalry, his struggle with alcohol, finding faith and his wife, as well as the days leading up to the Iraq War.  It is always difficult to distill anyone's entire life into a two and a half hour film, especially a controversial President.  The movie starts in 1966 showing George W. Bush at a Yale initiation pledge.  The story of his early life continues showing his drinking problem and wild ways.  In 1977 he announces at a poker party he is running for Congress in Texas, but loses the election.  When he turns 40 Bush becomes a born again Christian, gives up alcohol and becomes closer with his father who asks him to help with his presidential campaign.  He says he will do it but feels slighted that Jeb is running for Governor of Florida.  He felt his father only asked him because he was available to help out.  Eventually Bush runs and wins his campaign for Governor of Texas.  After some thought, he feels God wants him to run for President and wins.  The director, Oliver Stone, in large part created a fascinating character study and the supporting actors do their jobs well.  W is hard to forget, a "good ole boy who had a lot handed to him, but also heavy burdens and hard decisions he felt God wanted him alone to have.  Overall a fascinating story.
 Could have chosen someone who favored W. Bush a lot better. Should have stuck to more historic facts. Almost tried to be a comedy, when I expected a true to life fact filled movie.
 Regardless of what your opinion is of George W. Bush, this is a fine film. The story of W. is well told, and moves at an agreeable pace for a two hour biopic. The film is clear and engaging. I have high praise for Oliver Stone's direction. He clearly values story over statement. That could have gone the other way with a petty ego at the helm. Stone shows professionalism at every turn during W.  Josh Brolin is simply outstanding as W. He has the voice and mannerisms nailed. Brolin dances skillfully between cowboy, carouser and candidate. Stone also went with a side of Bush I've never seen, albeit my exposure has been minimal. This Bush is in-charge all the way and Brolin hammers it home with gusto. We do see a bit of the suspected manipulation from Carl Rove (Toby Jones) and Dick Cheney ("Vice"). Jeffrey Wright is on top of his game as he brings both strength and intellect to Colin Powell. But when all is said and done, Stone wants us to know Bush is the man. For a fabled "liberal", Stone is without question fair in the light he casts W. in.  Thandie Newton is spot on as "Condee". Rice is a tough read, especially her voice. Newton gets most of it down well. The one drawback to the Rice character, is the feeble nature and "yes man posturing we are expected to believe. Richard Dreyfuss is fine as Dick Cheney, especially when making a point. Dreyfuss' Cheney captures the shrewd West Wing vet. He emphasizes the notion that he has served two Bushes and both are better off for it. I also enjoyed Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush. Again, a stronger and more influential partner than I suspected. Not at all the stay at home `50s type housewife we've been fed over the years.  Throughout the film, I wondered if the `fly on the wall' perspective was accurate. Several scenes left me considering 'inside information' might have made it's way into the script. Perhaps. Whether or not creative license was at play, the story was strong. And no matter what the subject matter may be, storytelling is the most important part of any movie. Mr. Stone does so quite well.
 _W._ (2008) starring Josh Brolin is yet another of Oliver Stone's films detailing the lives and presidencies of the American presidents.  W. of course is a examination of the presidency of George W. Bush.  It details his life and early career, beginning with his induction into the ultra-secret Skull and Bones society at Yale, his involvement in various jobs and his attempts to run a major league baseball team.  The film shows Dubya as largely constantly under the influence of his father who he constantly tried to escape.  The film also shows Dubya's struggles with alcoholism, drugs, and women and his eventual conversion and rise to power.  The film then shows Dubya's decision to enter Iraq as president under the belief that WMDs were to be found there and the influence in particular of such advisors as Dick Cheney (the Vice President), Karl Rove, and Condeleeza Rice.  The film does show for example that Colin Powell opposed the war initially but went along with it because of pressure from the other advisors.  The film does not show that Bush I opposed the war as well privately.  However, it does show the problematic relationship between Dubya and his father.  The film attempts to show widescale incompetence in the Bush White House and ends by showing a clueless Bush unaware about the lack of WMDs in Iraq.  It seems that there are two theories of the Bush presidency.  Some see Dubya as stupid and incompetent while others see him as evil.  This film seems to be a farce showing an incompetent president unable to deal with the situation in Iraq.  The film shows how the events of September 11 were used to propel the U.S. into war with Iraq, which had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks of 9/11.  I'm not sure this theory is accurate or that the film is accurate in this respect.
 That was George W. Bush. He was the dim, alcoholic brother of the Bush clan's rising star, Jeb. W's a constant disappointment to his father, never measuring up to daddy's high standards. Maybe it is Oliver Stone's telling but when he presented Cheney, Rumsfeild & Rove I got a slight whiff of Goering, Himmler & Goebbels. Albeit on a much smaller scale, Germany & The United States both launched a war based on lies & a false pretext. They both participated in illegal & massive surveilance of their own citizens. They incarcerated & held innocent people without due process. These people couldn't even rise to the level of POW's. Let's not forget interogations & torture. Very Gestapo-like. When you think of the German Army, you think of Blitzgrieg. Our signature move was "shock & awe". Not exactly the same, but you get the idea. The movie shows that W is not really stupid. He made it thru Yale & Harvard although Poppy helped. He had no intellectual curiosity & never had an original thought. He had Dick Cheney & Karl Rove for that, suggesting evermore egregious actions. He was a fast learner. He learned dirty politics in his first & only losing campaign, for congressman. According to Mr. Stone, he was reponsible for the Willie Horton ads (with Rove's help). His father won. These type of tactics helped him to the Govenorship of Texas & later to the presidency. These are mostly events we lived through. History will have to decide if he deserves his place in the rank of presidents,ahead of Buchanan & Harding.
 The movie goes out of its way to try to depict what made George W Bush president and what made President George W Bush a failure, but it has little substance beyond reenacting quotes (usually in the wrong setting) in a loose, disjointed narrative. This isn't a documentary; it isn't a drama; and it isn't really a comedy, tho it desperately wants you to chuckle at times.  The dialog is weak, with characters often telling each other information they both know as a clumsy means of revealing it to the audience (or worse
 I made it a point to shield my eyes and ears from promos and previews for this film, prior to viewing it.  Not that I was expecting to be surprised or enlightened by any new revelation uncovered about Gee-Dub, the man.  I did this because I knew that a film about the 43rd President of The United States could take on one of two approaches.  It would either be a Hollywood sanctioned, two-hour Bush-bashing festival, or it would be an attempt by Oliver Stone and crew to give us a behind-the-scenes look at the forces that shaped the man.  I didn't want to be mentally prepared for either.  That being said, it also served me some good to temporarily disarm myself of any political bias before sitting down to watch this movie.  I would advise you do the same.    I'll begin my review by saying I was relieved to see that this was NOT just two hours of pot shots.  I've enjoyed eight years of poking fun at Mr. Bush for his obvious lack of wit, but that's not what I sat down to see this time around.  Instead, the makers of "W attempted to provide us with a look inside the life of G.W. Bush.  One of the ways this was done was through the clever use of a few flash-backs (which is to be expected).  Nothing about what we don't already know was revealed in these flash-backs, and that doesn't disappoint me.  I wasn't expecting to learn anything new about Bush from this film.  That's not Oliver Stones' job, and "W is not a documentary.  It's a dramatization based on things most of us already know about Bush.  The film serves up a wealth of scenes laden with speculative dialogue that hint at a few things such as Junior's struggle to please his "Poppy", Bush Sr., who wasn't afraid to vocalize his disgust with his son.  There are even a couple of scenes depicting what one could only imagine went on during the "Skull & Bones years at Yale, mixed in with perceived inside looks at W's tried and failed attempts to discover his "calling in life.    Now, for the diehard Bush-mockers; myself included, this movie doesn't at all disappoint.  Despite its lack of overt jabs, this movie isn't without a justifiable amount of covert comedy added at the expense of our illustrious ex-leader and his cronies.  My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.  This was topped off with a hunch-backed, 45-degree head nod, while she stared at some spot on the ground.  I loved it!  The writers even found a clever way to include a few of Bush's best-known botched attempts at speech into the script.  But, that's not all that makes the movie watchable.    Hmmm..., what about the acting?  Aside from Newton's quasi-comedic portrayal as the president's compliant "mini-me", I think the acting wasn't all that bad and all major roles were suitably casted.  As with many others, I was surprised to see Brolin playing our leading man, but as the story progressed, his performance grew ever convincing.  I think he pulled it off beautifully.    To cap it, not everyone will enjoy this movie.  That goes without saying.  What should be said, however, is if you start into this movie armed with a defensive posture, wearing your political beliefs on your shoulder, you won't make it through the first half-hour.  I've been called everything from a bleeding heart liberal to a tree-hugging hippie.  I've sustained my share of verbal chest pokes, while being drenched in regurgitated Rush Limbaugh talking points projectile vomited from the drippy-fanged mouths of Sean Hannity clones, but I was able to put all of that aside and I enjoyed "W".  Hell, if I could give O. Stone an "E for effort, I would.  But, for now 3 stars is gonna hafta doo.
 W. is a film that does not hold back its political opinions, nor does it take pleasure in reaming the former president. It attempts to portray a side of the president that allows the viewer to culminate opinions into something that can help explain why an event played out. But the introduction to its characters are filmed more like a comedy, that is light hearted and silly.  I will try not to be too free with my opinions here, but you should not always believe what you read in books, and for movies, you shouldn't believe anything at all. It is another reason why this film was confusing for me. It is at times presented in a very serious, documentary feel, but then it sways into rounds of comedy.  This movie does not tell us anything, and in fact led to more confusion than anything. Bush is being judged, and for many has been judged. This is not a great movie. It is a necessity for directors to capture their audiences, but I believe the acting in this movie to never commit to a certain degree of seriousness that W. needed. It is obscured with nonsense, and pays more attention to young, immature avenues. I do not think that this movie to be well made. It should have been more serious, and more demanding of the facts. Presenting a more complete picture of a man that is not fiction, but of history.
 It was with a lot of review 'pollution' already in the bag I stepped in to see this awaited depiction of one of the least respected public figures of all time. The reviews were very mixed from those stating it was a highly realistic picture that was painted to those who claim it was (too) full of assumptions and outright historically incorrect passages.  I personally (as usual) tend to believe it to be somewhere in between... and frankly do not see it as essential if it word by word would mirror reality.. if so no documentaries or biographies would ever be written or made into movies.  The actors did a very good job putting their characters on the silver screen and particularly Dreyfuss did an amazing job with Cheeney..  I agree with others that even the most staunch Bush critic would tend to feel a bit sorry for the mans insecurities and the manipulation taking place among his hand picked advisers but it still lends more concerning questions.  Are staunch religious beliefs (of any kind) combinable with good governance? Can we in otherwise secular societies allow our elected leaders to claim they were chosen by their god to rule our nations ? and conversely can we avoid it? These are very interesting and disturbing questions that the depiction of prayer before meetings etc. leaves us with. What if there had been multiple religions represented in the room? or agnostics/atheists? Should future advisers be picked based on their religious beliefs rather than their abilities?  Bush is not the first troubled president of the USA or any other nation  but how troubled can a candidate be, how can the public assure that these traumas are not impacting important decision making going forward?  The movie was in my mind good but not great... good acting performances and a very relevant topic and whether or not it was entirely authentic does hardly matter.
 I am giving this film 3 stars for two actors, Josh Brolin and Richard Dreyfuss. As George W Bush and Dick "Vice Cheney, they convincingly portray their still contemporary counterparts without seeming utterly unlike their subjects and without falling into parody. Unfortunately for the rest of the movie, that can't be said for the bulk of the characters.  Frankly, Thandi Newton's Condoleezza Rice is one of the most annoying things to land on a contemporary film since JarJar Binks. Speaking in a pinched nasally whine, she completely misses Rice's intelligence, even as she captures the Secretary of State's well known sycophanphropy. And as everyone knows, Karl Rove is a big obese blob of a man, but Toby Jones looks like a wimpy elf. As George Herbert Walker "Poppy Bush, Oliver Cromwell bring an air of Aristocracy to the Elder Bush, but little of his mannerisms.  The movie itself lacks drive. "W is little more than a standard biopic about a boring spoiled kid with sibling rivalry problems and Daddy issues. While it grazes the deep cynicism that permeates our political system (W ran for office so he could show up Jeb?!?), it fails to generate any heat. Given the volatility of the topic - and I am 100% comfortable in predicting that history will record 43 as The Worst President Ever - Director Oliver Stone decided not to exploit many of the easy targets and tries for subtlety.  Which makes "W a big bore. The far-left will cry that it doesn't go far enough; the Bushie-Loyals will scream that their heroes aren't bold or celebrated enough. The one scene that shows any real conflict (Colin Powell snapping about a "Five time deferral VP making War policy and a confrontation that ends with Cheney on the receiving end of an f-u bomb. Yet even that is left hanging, as Bush seems to be more engaged than is often reported. The film makes George W Bush human. Most humans are dull people. That may be W.'s biggest sin of omission. It's a boring movie about a dullard of a man that has all the impact of a Biography Channel documentary. Given Oliver Stone's usually flamethrower tactics, that's a letdown.
 Some say this film is sympathetic towards my Hero, but I don't think it is. What i'm really mad at is that Stone FAILED to include the capture of Saddam Hussein!! Come on!! Remember when Saddam was capture and the Stock Markets Bolted to the HIGHEST they've ever been. the Economy was so healthy when Saddam was captured.  Oh yeah, Stone also failed to mention Bushes support of Israel. Another benefit of Liberating Iraq...the safety of Israel.
 If you are looking for factual details behind historical events...or even an educated guess on what goes on behind the political curtains...you will be greatly disappointed in this film; however, if you are looking to be entertained by a toned-down version of the media's portrait of this President's personality (yes, it's superficial)...you may find it amusing.  Bottom line...buy this for the mild entertainment factor, don't expect a history lesson.
 [Note
 I was expecting either a total blasting of the former President who only won one election, but what we ended up getting was a messed up conglomeration of a love-hate relationship.  Oliver Stone seemed to want to go all out with Dubya, but it seems something was holding him back.  I haven't many other Oliver Stone films, so I don't have much of a reference from my point of view, but you have to start somewhere.  Anyways, getting to the point, Oliver Stone seemed to want to show that Dubya was in waaaayyyy over his head and he didn't know it until it was way too far.  He did a good job of showing that, but the lead in and pretty much the entire movie seemed to not want to lead to such a point.  An example of this is the score, which I didn't like.  The songs didn't fit in with the movie very much.  There was too much trying to be funny and entertaining and not enough of trying to be dramatic.  The actors, camera, etc. would try to get to a depressing, dramatic moment, and then the audio would switch to a poppy, bubbly song during that, and it completely killed the mood.  Now, I hate Bush as much as the next guy, but I still would like to see a movie that would know where it wants to go.  This movie seemed to want to be either hard or soft on him, and it never found a good middle ground.  This would have been much better off if it had been just a depressing story of his life or a beat-the-crap-out-of-him type of film, but, especially at the end, it never gets it right.  The movie also forced too many of the "Bushisms we know and love, which at first was like "Hehe, he said that, and quickly became "I know, now get on with the movie.  There were times when this movie tried to be dramatic and they threw in a Bushism and it didn't mix so well, but there were other times when it made the movie.  Overall, I give this movie a 6/10.  It wasn't bad, but it certainly wasn't good.  My main beef with this movie is the score, which I feel destroyed much of the movie.  I can see where they were going, but it just didn't work out.
 George W Bush is such a divisive figure I think it is easiest for me to put my cards on the table as a reviewer.  I did not like W. Bush as our 43rd president.  I think he may be judged by historians as one of the worst we have ever had.  With that backdrop, even though I am sympathetic to the many criticisms W. Bush has earned, this movie by Oliver Stone is mediocre at best.  I think the fact so many critics love it just shows their lack of objectivity on the subject.  In this movie, Bush is portrayed as a totally non-reflective, stubborn and extremely hypocritical person of little capability - best at beer drinking and carousing with women or other potential voters.  That may be an accurate portrayal, I do not know.  But what is certain is Oliver Stone never misses an opportunity to transition scenes in order to highlight hypocrisy or provide cheesy background music to ridicule Bush's simplistic foreign affairs perspective (such as the old "Robin Hood theme).  Showing Bush praying after bizarrely arrogant plans to attack Iraq, or showing depictions of Christ just after beer drinking and carousing flashbacks  - these are the exclusive domain of the film maker - Stone in this case. These are so obviously biased and agenda driven, it undermines what could have been a more fascinating investigation.  I do not think Bush is terribly complex, but he is portrayed as a one dimensional idiot and I find that hard to believe about almost anyone. Stone took a definite position in JFK, whether right or wrong, and sold it to the audience, or at least made it fascinating to learn.  Here, he just bashes away on a president he clearly despises.  Why do I bother to defend Bush at all since I think he was a miserable president? Because I think when you are going to treat someone's entire adult life and trajectory of purpose with such disdain, you at least owe it to them to mention any minor qualities you can possibly locate. With Bush, this is easy.  His change of policy and funding to assist Africa with its AIDs and other crises sets a new standard and it will probably be his most lasting good achievement. This is totally absent from the film.  If Stone disagrees with that widely accepted assessment of Bush on Africa, he could have repurposed one of the many ridiculing scenes to explain why. Instead of showing the corruption in the U.N. as part of Bush's reason for not waiting on them in Iraq, or that Iraq had clearly used chemical weapons in the recent past, Stone only portrays Bush's personal bias and agenda over and over.  I believe these topics are more complex than Stone bothers to examine, yet his movie is more than two hours long, plenty of time.  I started out watching the movie with three other people. None of us like Bush very much. Before it was half over two had left because it was boring. The most excellent aspect of the film is the character portrayals themselves.  Each character in the Bush family or administration is very convincing in body language, tone of voice, mannerisms, etc. and that is saying something since they are all so recent in memory.  As for Stone, I think this film will end up being thought of not much better than the president it obviously means to trash without attempting balanced consideration.  Given some more time, someone can make a movie that is not so loaded with emotion.  Mr. Stone should direct his amazing talents more carefully - George W. Bush is not the only one guilty of having a shallow, incomplete axe to grind.
 I like Oliver Stone, hes made some good movies. This is pretty good movie and I'm not a Bush hater and hes not the best president, hes not our worst president, but hes made mistakes. People are stupid and conforming and are jumping on the band wagon to join the Bush hating fan club. People love George Washington nowadays when he as president they wanted to impeach him, 5 years from now people will be complaining again about the president that was elected by you.  The United States has the largest population of complainers and the world knows it, sometimes we make ourselves look terrible like gossiping middle school snobs.  Don't say he caused the recession or the deaths during the war on terror either.  Hes not the only one thats making all the decisions, hes just the only one the average complaining american knows about.  Research and form your opinions.
 When those little arm band looking black "W The President stickers were ubiquitous on SUVs and over-sized pickup trucks and luxury cars in my mind "w just stood for wrong. But don't get me wrong, Dubya wasn't all bad. He made many better understand and appreciate America it seems to me. But I'll not get into why I say that. Just think about it.  Not one of the director's best. (I've extended this review to add a couple things originally left out.) Maybe about as good as ALEXANDER. Geez it always goes back to mommy and daddy with these guys whether it be Alexander the Great or Dubya. Well I like a little bit more exploration of forces other than Poppa (and mother, but oddly enough Barbra gets off very light here! Weird) that create our political figures... I want more than these Oliver Stone flicks give. How media, pr firms, the political parties and operatives and creatures like Karl Rove and most importantly the American people create Dubya is what interests me most. I for one didn't care that much for Brolin as Bush. He's a talented actor but just doesn't look like Bush. Actually I'm not sure why I rented this movie because Bush is out of the White House finally and I'm not interested in him. Colin Powell is presented as the voice of reason, the "moderate or whatever. As for as I'm concerned he's the worst out of them all for not resigning in protest IF the portrait presented by Stone is accurate. Also, what up with the accent Jeffrey Wright gives Colin Powell? Lol. Look, the movie is somewhat entertaining. A highlight was the portrayal of Condoleezza Rice. A nice little loyal lapdog. Shame on them all.
 Not too bad a bad movie (and not too inaccurate, I suspect) but at the end, a wasted opportunity. Brolin's performance is OK and he does most of Bush's mannerisms fairly well but I failed the understand the need for the cartoonish close-ups Stone gives him throughout the movie or for some scenes like the one showing him having a lenghty conversation with Laura when he's in the toilet (what was the point there ?). Personally I would have been a lot more interested to see what happened in W's own election night rather than in the one his father lost to Clinton but the way Stone handles the meetings between W and his staff in which crucial decisions were discussed in almost trivial and casual ways and which later brougth such dire consequences throughout the world, are more than enough reason to recommend this movie. Most people in the audience will come away from W with the certainty that Jeb would have been a much better president but with the repercusions to the Bush name after these 8 years, it is fair to say it is highly improbable we'll ever get to find out. The biggest WMD shown inthis movie ?
 It's not that I don't believe that every single one of the incidents in W. didn't take place, it's just that Oliver Stone discredits himself by making Bush 43 look SO unrelievedly puerile and SO utterly incompetent that Bush almost gains the viewer's sympathy---a difficult feat, considering that Dubya had to be most inept and unfit man ever to sit in the Oval Office, at least since James Buchanan.  Stone's "Junior starts out life as a drunken frat boy who is constantly bailed out of trouble by his supercompetent Daddy, and Junior largely remains that kid all his life, except for the fact that he quits drinking somewhere along the way. Regardless of going dry, W.'s mind never sharpens. He never truly matures and he never adopts a measure of success other than that of his own advancement. By his own lights, Stone's George W. Bush is the most phenomenally successful man in the world. And I'm sure that's true in real life, anyway.  Unfortunately for America, Bush's dream job was to be the Commissioner of Baseball, not the Commander-in-Chief. He runs his White House and manages his foreign policy with all the subtlety of Leo Durocher and Billy Martin's three-headed love child.  Bush's Administration is the hideout of cultured barbarians and frat Nazis whose main focus in life seems to be keeping themselves the main focus of everything. Surrounding himself with smarter sycophants like Karl Rove and Dick Cheney (whom he calls "Vice rather than "Dick, as if it matters), Bush sets his compass by that most egotistical of lodestones---What God wants. It's incredible how well W. knows just what God wants, considering he's never even seen the Guy.  With no intellectual curiosity and little real intellect, Stone's W. is a frightening nitwit who has his hand on The Button. Whether the real one is less of a nincompoop, Oliver Stone has set the biofilm benchmark on this President so low that the film adaptation of Bush's seemingly-eventual War Crimes Trial will show him in a better light.  That's tough to do.
 While I am not (to put it mildly) a fan of George W. Bush, "W sparked unexpected sympathy in me. I found myself thinking, "He's not a terrible guy...if only he had stayed with just owning the Texas Rangers! This alone is a considerable feat, and I applaud the movie's ability to portray such a polarizing figure in a sincere, human light. However, in many ways, "W was disappointing. I hoped to see a biographical film offering insight into the man and his life story, but what I got was a movie focused mainly on the Iraq War, with the message that the war was Bush's way of proving himself to (or one-upping) the father he could never seem to please. It is an interesting and believable angle, but the film's narrow focus leaves parts of Bush's story glaringly absent.  The plot bounces between the Iraq War and earlier parts of Bush's life, starting with his wild college days. We don't glean anything about the significant events of his childhood, such as the death of his little sister Robin, which is sure to have impacted him greatly. Even the most pivotal moment in Bush's presidency--9/11--is missing. I found it strange that there is a scene depicting the famous "pretzel incident, but only a few brief references to 9/11 during meetings on Iraq.  The movie's strongest point is Josh Brolin's performance, which successfully captures Bush's mix of swagger, recklessness, charm, and simple-mindedness. While the film drives home the point that Bush isn't the brightest crayon in the box, Brolin portrays a man with whom we can sympathize, as he struggles to fill the very big shoes bequeathed to him by his dad. Bush is painted as a person with good intentions surrounded by people who are eager to manipulate him. Jeffrey Wright and Richard Dreyfuss do well as Colin Powell and Dick Cheney, who are shown butting heads over the war. Cheney is clearly the villain, talking openly about the need to seize Iraq's oil--and to stay there, with no exit strategy. These may very well have been Cheney's intentions, but it is still conjecture that he actually said this, and it detracts from the movie. Thandie Newton's performance as Condoleezza Rice was unconvincing, conveying none of Rice's strong personality. Maybe I'm a little biased, though; I was hoping they'd pick Simbi Khali (Nina from "3rd Rock from the Sun"), who is such a dead ringer for Condi.  The film is not what it could have been, lacking the level of substance the subject deserves. While "W. is worth seeing, I would wait until it comes out on DVD or hits the discount theaters.
 W a new film by noted left-leaning director Oliver Stone, ( <a href="http
 Version
 Some of this movie is interesting but it is definately not something that will keep you awake.  If you're tired I would suggest not watching this movie.  The way George Bush made his way to the presidency was interesting but the remaining parts of the movie could have been left out.  I should have read a review before purchasing the movie.
 Were you present when Jim Morrison died?  Neither was I, nor Oliver Stone so we are left to speculate.  You can research all you want about W, but in the end, who can say for sure.  Perhaps not even the Uniter himself.  With no disrespect, I think he is best forgotten--not the subject of a major movie.
 To start let me say that I was hoping to like this alot more than I actually did. Not that it was a complete bust, but with the talent of Oliver Stone and the richness of material on it's main character, it just seems like it should have been more than what it was. Josh Brolin does a decent George "W", but at times reminds one of Timothy Bottoms' or even Will Ferrell's just as good versions played years ago. W. also flashes back and forth from the first signs of the Iraq War showing it's cracks, to W's upbringing from a young college 20 something, then back again, then to being the owner of the Texas Rangers, back to the War, then to his running for Governor, and back again...well, you get the impression that you better take a look at the color of Brolin's hair to figure out just what year it's currently in. Secondary cast members range in acting and appearance from decent to spot-on but not one of them seems too fleshed out within the film's 2 hour and ten minute run time. Strangely, the one secondary character that gets alot of screentime is James Cromwell as Bush Senior, played off as a mean, disapproving father who never really favored W. best. Overall, if your looking for a "best Of Bush storyline, there's a couple of scenes here to please, but alot of it you already knew from the countless news stories of the past eight years to be engaged by it so soon again. And even though when the film was made, even Bush's own presidental ending hadn't been written yet, it could have been better perceived than what ended up here. But even if Stone had a larger budget or more time (or a later one) to work on it, I doubt it could have been any better. It's a decent rental, but highly doubtful for re-election in your player again. Has a commentary and 17 minute "expert look back at the Bush Legacy (which is bias and boring), but not nearly enough to recommend blind-buying, even if you did vote for him again in 2004 (thanks alot...). (RedSabbath Rating
 Here's a movie from Oliver Stone that turns out to be very restrained, somewhat drawn out, and ultimately not that compelling.  There was so much more that could have been done here, but too much time was spent on W's daddy issues and his ballpark fantasies.  Also, there should have been some mention of W's bungling of the Katrina hurricane disaster. That said, Josh Brolin got the inflections down just right, while Richard Dreyfuss virtually stole the show as Dick Cheney.  The flashbacks were not confusing, and the choices of songs were perfect. A mixed bag.
 Josh Brolin stars as our 43rd President in "W. (pronounced "dubya"), and he does a damned fine job.  Unfortunately, the rest of the movie is rather muddled.  The plot hews fairly closely to the most widely-known material and accepted facts from Bush's life - his early partying ways, his mediocrity as a businessman, and his meteoric and surprising rise to Governor of Texas and then President.  The most controversial aspects of his life are left out here, which makes the movie adhere more closely to a "typical biopic.  Therein is one of the fundamental problems.  Oliver Stone is known for being a liberal-minded director who isn't afraid of stirring up controversy and even fluffing up conspiracy theories (see "JFK"). His nerve seems to have failed him here or else getting older has made him more moderate; "W. is not the brutal skewering some people are likely to expect.  Bush is portrayed as a lovable buffoon, and it's a rather timid depiction.  Indeed, the tome of "W. is uneven, with some of the actors seeming to play their roles as broadly satiric (Thandie Newton's spot on "impression of Condoleezza Rice would fit in nicely on SNL) whereas others take a more realistic approach (Richard Dreyfuss is unrecognizable as a power-hungry Dick Cheney).  Likewise, the movie's tone lies uncomfortably in the middle, neither condemning Bush nor adding much understanding of his character.  The only aspect of his life that it explored that hasn't been examined much previously is the allegedly rather contentious relationship between Bush and his father, George H.W. Bush; who is portrayed here as profoundly disappointed with his son every step of the way, even when he is elected President.  This depiction is at odds with the public persona of George H.W. Bush and his comments about his son, but it could explain certain aspects of W.'s personality.  In the end, "W. is likely to frustrate equally people who like Bush and those who despise him.  Perhaps it was simply too soon for this type of movie.  Although "W. only covers Bush's first term in office, most people do not yet have the distance to gain perspective on Bush and his Presidency.  Stone's commentary track suggests that he does - he discusses the intense hatred he had toward Bush during the first term as dimming.  However, this perspective has seemingly resulted in a muddled movie unlikely to make anybody very happy.  "W. was interesting and even somewhat enjoyable, but it shed little new light on our most recent ex-President.
 There are two ways to evaluate this movie
 First, this was not as good as Oliver Stone's JFK (not even close).  That said, "W. takes a good look at how simple George W. Bush truly is.  A simple man who makes simple decisions, who doesn't understand the complexities of the world and who was always trying to get into his father's good graces by trying to out do his brother Jeb.  The other actors in the film (most of them top notch in their field) seemed to have trouble fitting into their roles - they all seemed stiff (those who played Condi, Rummy, Colin Powel, Cheney, etc.), but perhaps they were just meant to be background for Josh Brolin (who's performance is Oscar worthy).  I guess the title of the movie should tell me who the film is ultimately about, but I expected more from the supporting cast who came up short (in my view).  There were a few laughable moments.  One scene that stands out is when Dubbya is standing in front of his high level White House staff angrily asking where the Weapons of Mass Destruction went in Iraq which is why they decided to go to war in the first place.  He stands up shouting like a 10 year old asking his staff to tell him who was in charge (LOL).  Unbelievable.  If you've been paying attention to American politics since the 2000 presidential election, then nothing in this movie is going to surprise you.  There's no smoking gun here.  If you haven't been paying attention or just like George Bush, you're not going to walk away with anything stunning either because you're just as 1 dimensional as he is and just won't/don't get it.  Still, "W. is worth seeing for an interesting look into George Bush's psyche... and there ain't all that much there!  It was entertaining enough and Josh Brolin's performance was spot on.
 When making a semi-biographical film, there really are two ways that one can go about the task.  The first method would be to try to be as objective as possible in trying to present all sides of a person's life and public reception equally.  Sadly, that method was most definitely not used by Oliver Stone in the making of "W".  Upon just a surface-level viewing of the film, one might think that, objectivity-wise, it isn't really too bad.  George W. Bush is portrayed both at his worst (the college years) and at his best (the 9/11 response), including pretty much all his important life events in between.  Yet, for viewers who did not feel that Mr. Bush was the root of all political evil while in office, they will be able to see the framework from which Stone is portraying our latest departed President.  Basically, the #1 problem inherent in "W is that it clearly takes the stance that Bush is an idiot, no matter what the time period, situation, or office he holds.  For example, instead of the strong leadership ability that was the Bush administration's "claim to fame", Stone projects G.W. as a stupid, bumbling idiot who was nothing more than a puppet of a few of his more superior cabinet members (such as Vice President Dick Cheney).  Then there is also Stone's take on George W. Bush becoming a born-again Christian.  Instead of perhaps even hinting at the fact that Bush might have made a sincere and heartfelt transformation towards God, Stone portrays the revelation as just emboldening Bush to keep blundering through life, as now he supposedly has God to back him up.  Unfortunately, those two examples do not stand alone...the entire film is just dripping with the "idiot Bush mentality.  It seems to be as if Stone's thought process behind the film was not "let's make a live-action biography of George W. Bush so much as "let's show how idiotic Bush is and yet he stills becomes President".  Now, with that being said, the movie wasn't (by far) the worst that I have seen in terms of political favoritism/non-objectivity.  Essentially, Stone just examines the life of George W. Bush through a single prism
 Oliver Stone is a three-time Academy Award winner known for writing the screenplays for <a href="http
 All movie attempts to present Bush Jr. as a cheap shadow of his daddy, Bush Sr., look mostly like the funny bubbling of own kid nasty sometimes but always "own bastard".  Oliver Stone's speculations of Iraq and Afghanistan wars would much more convincingly sound if for start the predominant majority of American voters reject, once and forever, a non-stoppable usage of their personal cars in big cities to ease dependence on energy sources well feeding terrorists back on the American soil de-facto absorbing increasingly for "humanitarian reasons new waves of terror breeding seed.
 I read Dick Cheney's book "In My Time, which - minus a few issues here and there - was a very good read.  And naturally, I was around during George Bush Jr.'s presidency.  So, I have a pretty good idea what might be fact and what might be fiction.  Now, you can argue until you're blue in the face who is at "fault for the Iraq war, making the assumption that the Iraq war was indeed a mistake.  (I'm on the fence a bit, because I understand that we can't know what might or would have happened if we hadn't entered the war.  Things might have been worse, and without traveling to an alternate universe, we'll never know.)  You may same the same thing about the Vietnam War, a war that the Democrats started for us.  Maybe both were a bad idea?  Maybe one was good, the other bad?  Maybe they both were a good idea?  Who knows?  No one will.  But if you can get past all of the politics, I believe that the problem with this film is simply the following
 Viewers expect many things from an Oliver Stone film, not the least of which is controversy. So it is quite surprising that what we have here is a very bland film. Perhaps that is because so much is known about Bush's life - his wilder days in college, his mediocre performance as a student, his often troubled relationship with his father, his post-born-again days, when he focused more on his "calling to a political career, and, of course, his well-documented eight years as president, especially the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The script simply provides no new insights into the man or the administration, which is a shame because the acting (with, perhaps, the exception of Thandie Newton's caricature of Condolezza Rice) is uniformly good
 I bet you cannot watch this movie without asking yourself, "How much of this is true? Not just what's verified and what is speculation, but how accurate do you suppose the guesses are? It's very spooky, this movie. Holding a mirror up to what we have just lived through, and at a time when we did not yet know whether Obama would win and change things, or McCain would win and continue the basic plan.  For one thing, most of the people who play well-known figures look quite like their roles, even Richard Dreyfuss as Darth Cheney. In fact, Josh Brolin as W. and James Cromwell as H.W. are the only two who are not particularly look-alikes, in that both actors are rather more lean and angular than the presidents were. Thandie Newton is positively spooky as Condi Rice. Toby Jones is a little smaller than Karl Rove, but just as slimy. Jeffrey Wright does not at first look all that much like Colin Powell, but he grows into the role -- or his makeup does.  The early part of W's life is the only part we have not seen before, although we certainly heard about it. We see his fraternity initiation, but not his Skull and Bones one. We see him chatting up a Texas gal and persuading her that he's going to marry her, and then later hear that his father had to "take care of her when she came up pregnant. He's in jail for reckless driving, and his father bails him out. But in his job in the oil fields, his try at Wall Street, and especially his lack of focus more generally, H.W. is deeply disappointed, and says so. In real life and in W.'s nightmares.  We are also "treated to his drying-out from alcohol, his born-again experience, his belief that God was calling him to run for president. Still, there seems to be more of the whiff of brimstone than the odor of sanctity about the man, especially ending every cabinet meeting with a silent prayer. If it was not phony, I almost wish it had been.  The decision to invade Iraq, the Cheney power hunger, the way everyone in that cabinet room could go along with Cheney's plan to take over the entire middle east by surrounding and then conquering Iran; it's all so spooky that I simply cannot help asking myself
 Josh Brolin did an absolutely tremendous job playing W, his performance was just great.  I put off on watching this movie for a long time because I know that Oliver Stone is only slightly lower down the totem pole of whacked out asinine Hollywood fools that feel the need to push their ultra PC/liberal agenda, he's much smarter than the few that sit above him on that totem pole like the idiotic propaganda minister Michael Moore.  I was afraid that the movie would be more like one of Moore's totally unbearable films but Stone did a decent job trying not to go totally overboard with his liberal agenda.  Although there were a number of places in the film where Stone completely departed from anything that even resembled reality but it was done in a way that did add some more entertainment value to the film, some of it was somewhat offensive due to some flat out lies & some absurd presumptions.  All in all, I really enjoyed the film for what it is, nothing more than a movie with very little factual information & obviously a great deal of nonsensical bashing of the Bush administration.  That being said, it had no affect on the way I look at W or what I already know to be facts regarding him & his administration.  What does annoy me about films like this is that if the shoe was on the other got and the movie was about or current idiot & chief, it would have turned out to be one long, butt kissing ceremony especially if it were done by Stone.  But whatever, i'm a big fan of W & despise the current administration yet I still really did enjoy this movie and there were instances that were based on fact that actually taught me a few things I didn't already know.  Of course, I had to fact check just about everything but learned some interesting stuff about a young W.  All in all, regardless of your politics I would say that you should go see this film because it's definitely worth watching.
 This could have been a really interesting story but the actors were chosen based on how much they looked like the characters they were supposed to portray rather than their ability to actually act.  The woman who portrays Condaleeza Rice is so bad that she seems more like a Saturday Night Live impersonation than a serious portrayal.  I think that is the problem with this film -- I think Stone would have done well to wait until "W. and his posse wasn't so current or "familiar by sight to the American public because then he could have focused on creating an ensemble that could tell the story rather than just looking like some amateur troupe who can't act their way out of a paper bag.  Instead of focusing on the story, all I could think of was how awful this group of actors rather than the history that was supposed to be told. I think the story needs to be told... Oliver Stone just rushed it in order to try to capitalize on current events rather than trusting his audience to be intelligent enough to follow a story with less than robotic look-alikes of the cast of characters.
 What holds back Oliver Stone's film recitiation on the life of President George W. Bush from being better is simple
 It is clear that this movie was made by a Bush Hater I watched it out of curiosity and did not find the movie as entertaining or factual. Once again a movie that portrays conservatives as idiotic and evil.However it was well acted, Josh Brolin does a good job, however looks old when he tried to play W in college. Oliver Stone stumbles badly because he tries to hate the President and tries to suggest that all his decisions were driven for the approval of his father. I would recommend it only if you miss Bush. I know I do....I used to love Oliver Stone but he has not made any notable movie lately, to make matters worse he is recycling his old movie material watch out for Wall Street 2.
 Oliver Stone brings his undeniable talent to this biopic of George `Dubya' Bush.. supported by one of those to-die-for casts he seems to have at his beck and call.  There's no question this is slickly put together, and that Josh Brolin is completely convincing as the title character .... but as a movie experience there is just something missing. Stone presents Bush as a follower rather than a leader.  Someone who is driven by being under the shadow of his brother in his parents eyes, and whose political drive to succeed is a mirror of his drive to succeed in his father's eyes.  Surrounding him, we have a veritable who's who of Hollywood acting as all the well known string pullers behind him and around him - most of whom are thinly drawn, not being the centre of attention - but of all of them, Richard Dreyfuss does a surprisingly good job of fleshing out Dick Cheney.  There's a little jolt of energy whenever he has a moment on screen, particularly sparring with Colin Powell.  But these are asides, with W's evolving character being the focus, and so as the movie goes on, we see Bush at different times of his life.  From College pranks through trying to find a job he wants to keep, meeting Laura, becoming born again (watch out for a great Stacey Keach turn) and starting his political career.. all told non linearly, interspersed with the period of time that will dominate his place in history - going to war with Iraq. With all those fine ingredients however, it seems that something has been left out - some excitement, some dramatic hook to draw you in.  Frankly, Bush's life, rather like his presidency some would argue, is rather dull.  In the end, the enjoyment of the movie is in the details.. enjoying watching for Hollywood well known faces playing political well known faces, learning a little about Dubya's earlier life.  But we don't come away much richer for the experience.  Stone's interpretation of the man is valid, but never feels insightful enough or definitive, neither does it have the cinematic or dramatic energy of, say, `Nixon'.  It's not a disaster, but neither does it sparkle.  Sometimes interesting, never fascinating.  Perhaps it is too soon, and looking back in twenty years or more this will be regarded in higher esteem.
 Great performances abound in this mildly interesting doc about the inept boozehound that stole the throne in the Oval office.  It shows you a glimpse of his party life in college, his pathetic attempts at sustaining a "real job, and his incessant family afflictions.  But W avoids being too political, much like Dubya did himself.  Although it comes off at times as somewhat critical of the president, it also avoids much of the controversial and significant moments in his presidency.  Like the doubts surrounding the election, the speech to rally public support for the War on Terror, and the inexcusable reactions to Katrina.  By dodging these topics, it leaves you feeling disappointed and manipulated.  Another well-made but ambiguous version of the truth by Oliver Stone.
 As Oliver Stone comments -- W. is not really a political movie... its aim is really to get us inside his skin, and see how he came to power... and to that extent, it is meant to be compassionate, since the aim is to get us into his world. And he also comments that he's not a documentary film maker (*well, except for the project that he currently has in production... oops...) Still, buying that, according to him, the film does not have to make a strong political point - - it has to tell a story...  O.K. - - indeed he is right... and to that extent we can understand why the film lacks the intensity of... say one of Woodward's books, ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN - - or heck, a Michael Moore film... but there's a catch
 No one has ever accused Oliver Stone of being subtle. However, once more people see his film concerning the life and times of George W. Bush, I think the perception about the director, which is that he is a rabid conspiracy theorist who rewrites history via Grand Guignol-fueled cinematic polemics, could begin to diminish. I'm even going to go out on a limb here (gulp!) and call W a fairly straightforward biopic.  Stone intersperses highlights (is that the right word?) of Bush's White House years with episodic flashbacks and flash forwards, ostensibly beginning in the late 60s (when Junior was attending Yale) and taking us up to his second (interminable) term.  I'm not saying that Stone doesn't take a point of view; he wouldn't be Oliver Stone if he didn't. He's caught flak in some corners for the amount of screen time spent dwelling on Bush's battle with the bottle (I will say that the manufacturers of Jack Daniels must have laid out some serious bucks for the ubiquitous product placement throughout the film). Bush's history of boozing is a matter of record. It's part of his story (and could explain a lot of things). Some have taken umbrage at one of the underlying themes of Stanley Weisner's screenplay, which is that Bush's angst (and the drive to succeed at all costs) is propelled by an unrequited desire to please a perennially disapproving George Senior. I'm no psychologist, but that sounds reasonable to me.  As usual, Stone has assembled a massive cast with a bazillion speaking parts (I daresay he matches the late Robert Altman in this department).  His choice of Josh Brolin for the lead initially struck many people as an odd selection (including yours truly), but now that I have seen the film, I have to say it was a smart move. Brolin is nothing short of brilliant. He doesn't go for a cartoon caricature, which would have been the easy route to take; I think he pulls off a Daniel Day Lewis-worthy "total immersion quite successfully. It is interesting to note that Brolin (tangential to Junior) has been accused of riding into a Hollywood career on the coattails of his dad (James Brolin) and stepmother (Barbara Streisand); if Stone chose his leading man with this in mind, he is a very canny operator.  Some of the other standouts in the cast include Toby Jones ("Infamous") as Karl Rove, James Cromwell and the great Ellen Burstyn as President and Mrs. Bush Sr., Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell and Richard Dreyfuss (perfect!) as Dick Cheney.Scott Glenn isn't given an awful lot to do as Donald Rumsfeld, but he has the evil squint down. The only misfire is an overly mannered Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice; it is like she dropped in unexpectedly from a Saturday Night Live sketch. Perhaps it is not entirely her fault, because they put so much prosthetic on her face, she can barely move her lips.  If the Bush administration had never really happened, and this was a completely fictional creation, I would be describing Stone's film by throwing out superlatives like "A wildly imaginative look at the dark side of the American Dream! or "A vivid, savage satire for our times! But you see, when it comes to the life and legacy of one George W. Bush and the Strangelovian nightmare that he and his cohorts have plunged this once great nation into for the last eight years, all you have to do is tell the truth...and pass the popcorn.
 people have different reasons for liking or hating this movie, and i fall right in the middle for different reasons. the real dubya was hilarious at the microphone trying to stumble to the next sentence, and you see a bit of that in the film, but about half of it covers his younger years.  it was actually eye opening at times, which made up for the lack of laughs for the most part. its hard to believe some parts were actually dramatic, anything dubya is normally a laugh riot, but there is deffinitely drama, from election losses to Bush Jr's ex girlfriend getting an abortion.  all in all, its an unflinching, interesting look through dubya's life, with all the scandals and idiocy in tact.
 Josh Brolin was nominated for an Oscar this year...but for the wrong movie. He got nominated for Milk, when in fact I don't think that movie allowed him to get under the skin of the local politician who assassinated the mayor of San Francisco and Harvey Milk. But Brolin, who has really come into his own the last few years, was stellar in the overlooked W. ($29.95; Lionsgate), Oliver Stone's examination of George Bush that wasn't as satirical as some expected or as scathing and condemning as others expected and certainly wasn't the hagiography that the 20% of the population who thought Bush was doing a good job even at the bitter end would have wanted. Just as it will take years for historians to put that Presidency into perspective and see its impact on world affairs, it'll take years for us to watch W. as just a film and not a requiem or star chamber condemnation of Bush. But you can start reevaluating now by focusing on how Brolin creates a living breathing character so deftly. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
 Something I have recently learned about Oliver Stone movies
 If you expect Oliver Stone to make the George W. Bush into a complex and interesting character in "W, then you will be disappointed.  Considering the subject matter, such an expectation is unrealistic.  Bush comes across as he did for the eight years of his presidency
 You never know with Oliver Stone,  whether you will get his penchant for exaggeration, or his ability to bring a character into sharper focus. There wasn't much of the first, but there wasn't much of the second either.  Only a few of the dozens of Bushborne, misfired, verbal synapses came across the screen, but usually in the wrong context, and almost as an afterthought. Stone instead tries to tell us about Bush from his college days onward where we learn of his ability to memorize the names of his fraternity brothers, in short order, without memorizing much else from his four years at Yale. This left me feeling a little cheated. I knew these things. For the person I watched it with, I was hailed with a number of, did-he-really-say/do-that. It was a revelation for her, and this film was much more to her fulfillment and amusement than mine.  One reviewer found the right phrase that I couldn't muster more than a Bushism for what it was lacking. It's as if this movie wasn't sure if it was a comedy or a drama. Josh Brolin does a superb Bush characterization, as does Dreyfus as Dick Cheney, and the one in the role of Karl Rove as the turdblossom toady. The characters for Rice, Powell, and Rumsfeld are less believable, and Powell's one-man fight against the others underscores his departure after one term.  Oliver Stone brings out some of the worst of George who got a woman pregnant back in the days when he still believed in a woman's right to choose. No time is spent in his Air National Guard days, and there is no mention of Bush's pathological childhood behavior, or his slovenliness when he left his apartment with rent unpaid and substantial repair required. We learn how he met Laura Bush who had a profound impression on him--because he started changing his socks everyday rather than three. We do see his early lack of impulse control when Laura confesses that his speech was bad, and he reacts by smashing the car into the driveway door. On an earlier occasion, we see Georgie, three sheets to the wind, driving his car onto the front lawn, amd making a drunken challenge to his fight his father.  What Stone wants to convey is that Dumbya is a loser in spirit and intellect, that his name, his father's accomplishments and contacts bailed him out of one social or career misadventure after another. George showed little patience and even less aptitude for Wall Street or oil drilling while harboring the unrealistic hope that there was some future for him in baseball. It is little wonder that the family put their hopes in his brother Jeb.  This is comedy light and drama light fare that is not bad to watch, but not one you might want to see a second time, especially if you are hoping for some depth and insight in discovering how such a maladjusted personality and such an underachiever could have ever reached the White House. That means it is probably better as a rental from a service or library, rather than as a purchase.  I rate this as a stone's throw above a three.
 The highlight of this so-so interpretation of Zorro (well-portrayed by Douglas Fairbanks in the 1920 silent film classic, Guy Williams in Disney's successful 1957-1959 television series and, in my opinion, given the definitive portrayal by Duncan Regehr in the New World television series that aired from 1990-1993), is the-SPOILER WARNING!!!-swordfight between the villainous Captain & Don Diego aka Zorro. Why bother seeing this film in color when it was filmed in black-and-white? I think this  a so-so version of the character because-SPOILERS!!!-he threatens Inez and he kills the villain.
 WARNING
 One of the first books that I read as a teenager (that wasn't off the juvenile shelves) was "Von Ryan's Express by David Westheimer.  It was a best seller at the time and I soon discovered why.  The key to the book was the extensive middle where the Allied prisoners take over a transport train one car at a time.  It was a very suspenseful and engrossing story of one-on-one, hand to hand combat with everything at stake.  Each of something like 22 cars is depicted with a writer's skill.  When the movie came out, I went to see it with a friend.  As the first railroad car was taken, I leaned over to him and said, "This is where it really gets exciting".  Low and behold, after taking two or three cars, the prisoners jump all the guards at the next stop.  So much for my expectations.  The thing is, this probably is a pretty good movie.  I note the high ratings others have given it so I don't want to be overly negative.  It's more of a walk down memory lane that prompted me to write this review.  This was the movie that taught me what many others have said
 Although not as thrilling as John Frankenheimer's <a href="http
 It has been said of Sinatra, not a nice person off screen but on screen, always dependable and in charge of the situation. He even outshadowed the venerable Trevor Howard in this one. As a drama, very good and as a war movie, good again. Interesting locations like the old ruins. Back to Sinatra, seen many movies with him and never a bad one.
 Lakhan Singh strikes terror into the hearts of village people everywhere. But when his heart is tamed by a woman through her courage & tenacity who would believe it. So begins the tale of Samadhi a story of hardship & misfortune where Lakhan follows a pathway of self sacrifice to provide for his loved ones. But however hard he tries he cannot escape the shadow of crime that has blighted his existence, Happiness is always seems to be snatched away & replaced by remorse & anguish which forces him out of desperation back into the life of crime he was raised into. His only hope is to ensure that his child is not caught in the circle of deception that he is so effectively ensnared. If that means disassociating himself from the one thing that he values the most than so be it.
 Charming piece of candy-colored confetti based on the Archie sidebar comic strip, about a group of young girls who form a band and are trying to hit the big time. Overnight success happens, literally overnight, and soon they find themselves being plastered on the cover of every magazine, albums selling like hotcakes and fans buzzing around them like mad bumblebees. But is everything what it seems, or does it just seem like they have it a bit too easy, or maybe their market-savvy managers have their own personal gain in mind? Directors Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont don't mess around with the message here
 This was an okay movie.  It had it's funny parts. This movie is about 3 girls who are in a band The Pussycats.  When they are walking a across the street a guy sees them and thinks he can make them into the next big thing.
 This was a good movie. ok, maybe it was a bit stupid, but the casting was well done. the movie had its funny moments. but really, you wonder how much the companies did pay to advertise in the movie.. i know the storyline was about subliminal messages and ad's to buy things, but otherwise the move realy was one really big ad for all major companies such as coca cola and mcdonalds. I think Tara Reid is cool and played melody well. Same goes for Rosario Dawson and Rachel Leigh Cook. One thing they did wrong was the lip syncing wasn't very good. all that aside, it was an ok movie.
 I bought this yesterday, expecting it to be a great movie, packed with great music and a great cast. I got something that I hate getting, a movie that turns out to be one of those not so appealing ones, the kind you get from Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. I like their movies but it's the kind that they usually stop in the middle and explain to us because the movie isn't all that great. Cheap entertainment. I got the same thing from this. It's a good movie, a lot of surprises, but overall, not all that great. Spend your money on a movie you know will be good, this one just isn't worth it.
 Josie and The Pussycats is a movie based on a comic book that was a spin off of the Archie series. I had a suspicion that it was really no good, but I wanted to watch it anyway because I like Rosario Dawson (Rent), Rachael Leigh Cook (She's All That), Parker Posey (The House of Yes), Alan Cumming (Romy and Michele's High School Reunion), and Seth Green (Party Monster). It was kind of cute in spots, but it was born under a misbegotten moon.  First there was a parody of a boy band, called Du Jour, and Seth Green and Breckin Myer were in it. It was just kind of lame, as far as parodies go. This was mercifully brief, and then another story emerges. Wyatt Frame (Alan Cumming) and Fiona (Parker Posey) are part of a conspiracy to plant subliminal messages in music to get teenagers to buy stuff. The government is in on it, and even Carson Daly (played by himself) and Mr. Moviefone are part of the nefarious plot.  --------- Mr. Moviefone
 I'm not sure whether this movie came out before or after Zoolander, but it certainly shares many things in common. You have your Derek Zoolander type character(s) embodied in Josie and the Pussycats themselves, who were discovered out of nowhere by a music agent who needed a new band to act as a front for the music industry and its use of subliminal messages to get young people to consume products and buy into every fad alive. It really is a good set-up and one that is a great modern reinterpretation of the original Archie Comic (I would have loved to have a cameo of Archie and his friends). The movie follows a one week or so change of fortunes for Josie and their friends as they go from playing at a bowling alley where they are each paid $5 to be ignored by old men bowling strikes to being number one on Billboard. All the while, they are being used to make money. Of course, we have the classic fight between band members and ultimate redemption followed by the chance to play for real, without the subliminal messaging in front of thousands of people. And of course, sprinkle in some love and a moral or two. It all adds up to a relatively entertaining movie from the decade that spawned the "teen movie. Unlike some of the others, this at least has some redeeming and touching moments and I think it will definitely appeal to a younger audience.
 (For mine, anything with Rosario Dawson in it has gotta be okay). Rachael Leigh Cook--famously known as the new face of the  this is your brain on drugs  commercial--(Remember? She deeee-molishes that kitchen with a cast iron fry pan. To say nottin' of that egg.) plays a convincing Josie; cute, but edgy lead guitarist for a small town girl band itching to make it big. Papparazzi 'Party Girl' Poster Child Tara Reid plays the lovable drummer who's more concerned over who grabbed the last piece of candy from her stash than anything majorly important. Alan Cummings was made for those snarkily up- to-no-good prissy bad boy roles and he does the record executive who's bottom line is the bottom line quite well. One of the tricks of this movie is how they want to show how product endorsement and product placement work on the mind of the mass audience--and by showing these products the movie ends up doing what it satirizes. I guess you'd have to be there. You can tell what's gonna happen in the end way before it happens, but that *won't* stop you from having an enjoyable ride to that point...
 While in theatres "Josie and the Pussycats - an adorably silly and sometimes-sentimental advertisement for everything from McDonalds to The Gap - did badly. Plain and simple, it just bombed. It barely lasted for a month, when three friends and me went to see it a week after it opened, there were two other people in the theatre. No exaggeration. Why? Well, I don't exactly know because contrary to popular belief, the movie is not that bad. It's juvenile and rarely funny, yes...but somehow the movie flows fairly well. Following a girl rock band from the bowling alley in their hometown to New York City. Where a desperate record executive, who is in dire need to find the next "big thing", before his boss fired him, discovers them. Ultimately the whole ordeal turns out to be a test of their friendship and a hard lesson in life (at least for the three members of the band). Rachel Leigh Cook and Rosario Dawson's characters, Josie and Val, are not exactly two dimensional, but they are boring. However, Tara Reid's character, Mel, is ditzy in an endearing way and the greedy record executive and Fiona, his boss, (played by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey) are fun, comical villains. I'm not sure it's worth the money, but it is worth a try and if, like me, you decide you like it than by all means, buy it.
 I was so happy when I heard about this movie. I bought the soundtrack right away b/c Kay Hanley Of Letters To Cleo did the singing and I am a big fan of hers, but the movie in general could have been better. I thought it was a very fun movie to rent and I enjoyed it. I thought the movie was going to be mainly about the band, but it turned mostly to be about the record company and that disappointed me. I also think they could have given more credit to Kay Hanley for her amazing vocals!
 Sometimes movies have a tacked-on extra ending that runs simultaneously with the credits. This is such a movie, and I suspect I'm going to be considered a flake for admitting it, but I'm going to go ahead and and admit it anyway - That extra ending was the only reason I bought the DVD. Without it, I don't think I would have bought or even rented this movie in either format. The extra ending in this case is a hilarious dream sequence about flatulent supermodels. Without it, I'd rate this two stars at best. The main body of the movie is a romance between two characters (not appearing in the end dream sequence), played by on the one hand Claire Forlani, and on the other by either Freddy Prinze, Jr. or Chris Klein, I can't remember which. With me, it's funny about all three of those performers. I've liked Claire Forlani in some movies, especially in her show-stealing role in ANTITRUST. As for Freddy and Chris, I've liked them in several movies each and have no trouble telling them apart while watching them. But when I contemplate movies in retrospect, they tend to run together (this being by no means the first time). My trouble with the main story is that I just didn't find Claire Forlani's character substantially likeable. Most of the time I thought the guy deserved better and ought to break up with her. That made for a long and ponderous movie to see if he would. Seems a waste of talent, because Claire can play so much better. Neither effective romance nor effective madcap satire, her performance is trapped in a noperson's land in between. A friend of mine actually says that that's the real symbolic connection between the main body and tacked-on ending - That's the joke's on us if we thought it a seriously romantic picture. Instead, my friend says, the subtle message for those of us perceptive enough is that Forlani's character is like unpleasant backed-up flatulence, and the supermodels symbolize the beauty of it all finally passing on by way of the movie ending. Well, I don't want to go so far as to conclude that. Claire Forlani is clearly an actress with potential, and it's better to not quite compare any of her formative performances to trapped gas. But as for her particular character herein, it's hard not to call her a pain in the area brought to mind by that supposed symbolism.
 If you're looking for a good laugh and maybe a tear or two, you might want to watch  Boys And Girls . With a great script and strong cast (Jason Biggs, Claire Forlani and Freddie Prinze Jr.), this movie sheds new light on the so-called 'teen flicks'. It has a great plot and a story-line
 I'm still not quite sure what to make of this (which makes Claire Forlani look gorgeous).  Not as good as  She's all the That , but far superior to the ...  Down to You  this is a decent romance.  All the cliches are there, but it manages to be charming to an extent.  If you don't expect too much, you could end your evening with a smile as I did.  I don't have review the plot here.  Jason Biggs, Freddie Prinze Jr, and the amazing Forlani make the material watchable. What astounded me about this movie, and something no film reviews I read in the real world, and very few on here, are the amazing similarities to when Harry Met Sally.  While there is a breakfast club/16 candles scene, I think WHMS is the inspiration here. ...  However, Forlani plays Crystal and Meg Ryan (which is Prinze's name and he later dates a Megan...but I digress) is more Freddie P.  We have the one night stand, the crying before hand, the awkward silence, the phone calls...etc.  The meeting and hating each other before becoming friend.  Biggs' character is Bruno Kirby like and forlani's roomate is a lot like Carrie Fisher.  I already talked about the names...it is like a teen version of WHMS, but punched up.  What can I say.  Maybe I didn't like it, but I sorta did.  The movie was fun and the WHMS connections fascinated me.  And Claire Forlani is beguiling. Enjoy!
 ALot of the footage that is discernable is not from Master Soken but from some other guy.  There is some footage of the Hakutusuru(or so the narrator Claims) but it was very short.  The peices of the weaponry/kata performed by Master Soken are excellent.  I reccomend it only if you have the extra $$ to throw around , it isn't all that great but is ok for the enthusiast  PS(The narrator becomes quite irratating)
 Did anyone else notice this is being advertised and sold as Cheers
 the three-star rating is for the box set... it's gone cheap with just a box sleeve (season 9 is the turning point). not only is this bad for collection purpose, but the entire set is inconsistent.
 I have been warned about this movie.  The movie that Christians especially Catholics dislike.  I wanted to know what the big hub-bub was all about and  so, I watched the movie.  Either you love it or hate it, I watched it as a  comedy and not as preaching to what I should do religiously and I found it  very entertaining. Of the Kevin Smith movies, I like this one a lot.  My  brother puts this at the lowest of Kevin Smith movies and he dislikes it  because it focuses too much on religion.  I look at it as something to  laugh about and to see another perspective or another person's storyline  and you either are entertained or not.  So, I don't hold grudges and I  don't feel like banning the movie.  I don't place this movie up to  blasphemy with  The Last Temptation of Christ  but if you can  just separate yourself from your religious side for 128 minutes, give this  movie a try and if you like it..you like it and if you dislike it...you  dislike it. I bought this movie hearing that a special collector's  edition will be out sometime this year.  All Kevin Smith movies are  collector's edition except this.  You don't get hardly anything.  Just a  trailer and talent files.  So, in the extra department, this movie blows.  The audio of the movie is driven by dialogue, so don't expect any major  surround sound.  There are certain scenes where they are utilized but just  a little.  The video is pretty cool too, then again, I wasn't really  watching for artifacts during this movie.  A few reviews mentioned they saw  compression artifacts... It amazes me how Smith got talented people to  work on this $10 million movie, when these actors are making humongous  amount of money.  This movie features an all-star cast including the guest  cameos in the movie.   With all three previous Kevin Smith movies, fans  were treated with cool extras.  Yes, rumor has it that a special edition  will be coming out at the end of the year but still.... Overall this  movie is pretty fun to watch, the lack of features drives the overall score  down but give it a try, you might enjoy it.  Movie gets 5 stars, Special  Features (or lack of)gets 0 stars which drives the overall DVD down to 3  stars.
 As the opening to the movie suggests, "Dogma is not expressly intended to offend but to look at things open-mindedly.  No one can disagree with the idea that it explores religion from a nontraditional perspective.  Two angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) have fallen and have been banished to a place "worse than hell...Wisconsin.  They discover a loophole which could get them into heaven, but this would ultimately make God falliable and destroy the universe. The band of characters that seek to stop them include
 Bartleby and Loki, two angels banished to Wisconsin for the rest of eternity, have found a loophole in God's Law and are on their way to take advantage of a planetary indulgence  at the centennial celebration of a small Catholic church in New Jersey.  Since proving God to be fallible would make everything cease to exist and with God MIA, an unlikely team of mortals and heavenly hosts come together to try to stop them.  Overall, this is a fun movie.  It is not a movie for those easily offended, however.  To be honest, we rarely watch our DVD version but catch it on TV whenever it comes on.  I wish there were an "edited for TV version on DVD. The foul language really does not add to the movie in the least and, for me, gets in the way of enjoying it.  Jason Mewes' sex obsessed character is funny but the edited version gets the same gist across without having to wade through the language.  I would give the edited version 4 stars because it really is an enjoyable movie.  However, I put 3 here because of the language and the fact that I can't put three and a half stars.   As far as religion goes, I don't think that this was intended as a theosophical treatise.  It is a comedy and there are a lot of religious zingers.  Chris Rock, as the thirteenth apostle, claims not only that he was left out of the bible because he is black but that Jesus was black as well.  Salma Hayek, who plays a prodigal Muse (Greco-Roman mythology) insists that god is a woman. George Carlin plays Cardinal Ignatious Glick has a whole new program to get "butts in the pews including a very funny Buddy Jesus. Alan Rickman as Metatron (the Voice) gets peeved about people who's religious knowledge comes from Charlton Heston films.  Altogether, lots of laughter but really a superficial dealing with real religious questions. If you get offended on religious grounds, you are taking it WAY too seriously.
 There are very, very many really good things in this movie, but in the end it is marred by an inability to pull all the elements together as well as by a really weak ending.  Oh, and another weak link
 I should probably start this review by saying that Dogma was forced on me by my best friend, an avowed Kevin Smith fanatic.  Having only seen Chasing Amy before (and enjoying it a great deal), I was quite ready to dip into a movie by the same writer.  It stirred up a fair bit of controversy at the time, although having watched it I can say it's not actually that controversial.  Indeed, it's embracement of all 'ideas' comes almost perilously close to schmaltz.  Saying that, this is exactly the kind of screwball humour I love.  See, there are two disgraced angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a dogmatic loophole through which they can re-enter Heaven, thus ending the world by proving God to be fallible.  So it falls upon Linda Fiorentino's lapsed Catholic, as recruited by The Voice of God (Alan Rickman), to put a stop to their dastardly plans.  Along the way she's aided by prophets (Jay and Silent Bob), the forgotten 13th apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).  All against Jason Lee's horn-headed baddie. The humour comes thick and fast, with some absolutely classic scenes involving Damon's Loki exacting vengeance on a board meeting, Alanis Morissette's God doing handstands after defeating the apocalypse and some very very brilliant pop culture references.  The acting is also crucial, with particular stand-outs including Damon's most freewheeling role yet, Fiorentino treading a fine line between the serious and the comical and Affleck proving that with the right script and a role that doesn't reek of self-satisfaction (Pearl Harbour anyone?) he can be a very likeable, good, performer.  It of course goes without saying that the supporting cast is uniformally excellent. Still, the script does pander to vulgarity several times, which you'll either lap up or resent given the nuance, interesting humour of the rest of the movie.  Smith also has a slight tendency to over-talk his script, as if to constantly to remind us that this is a satire and not something to be taken seriously.  Whilst he points out in an ironic foreword that this should be evident ten minutes in, he still feels the need to hammer it in a little too much.  Saying that though, the serious elements of the story are mostly done very well, thanks in no part to Fiorentino.  Destined to become some kind of cult classic among Smith fans, this is a much smarter and funnier comedy than any of the one I've seen this year yet.  So, whilst not brilliant perhaps, at the very least Dogma is witty, vibrant and original.
 The long awaited Dogma - first promised on the end titles of Clerks - takes Silent Bob &amp; Jay to their next target. Having approached sex,  drugs, romance &amp; shopping (and achieved an incredibly gratifying  nothing) organised religion pops up next. With the entirity of existence  (begrudgingly) requiring their assitance the world is in trouble. This  film came in for a lot of stick for its discussion of organised religion  and faith. Denounced as blasphemous by many it raises many common  criticisms of religion and Catholism - but does it do it well? Yes and No.  The script is at times excellent and usually good however there is  sometimes a feeling that Smith just doesnt quite know what he is doing or  saying with his direction and the set pieces seem to lack a spark that  would have made the film far more rounded. The performances from the cast  are good especially Lee who puts in a great turn as Azrial. On the whole  - good but not great. Better off watching Chasing Amy or Clerks but if your  in the mood...
 Note that there are NO EXTRAS on this DVD. (I don't count trailers) For Kevin Smith fans this is a HUGE letdown, especially considering all the stuff they even managed to cram into the Mallrats DVD. According to director Kevin Smith on his View Askew website, later this year (2000) will see the release of a fully-loaded DVD with all the extra goodies DVD owners have to demand, especially for quality movies. As for the film itself, this is a brilliant movie for those of you that choose to look towards western, organized religions (regardless of the denomination) with a questioning glance. If you're not the one that can take "isms lightly -- in this case sarcasm, symbolism, criticism, witicism -- then why bother watching? But if you can watch a movie objectively and listen to the point of view it's taking, you'll be at the very least by Dogma's very original look at the Catholic church and what drives the followers of Catholicism (and for those of you out there that think Smith is a heathen, be aware that he is Catholic, goes to church every week pays his tithe on a weekly basis). And if you were already fan of any of the original Jersey Trilogy (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy), you'll be delighted by Dogma. It's as fresh and blunt (oh, a pun!) as Clerks, as biting and sterotype-smashing as Chasing Amy, while still building on the heroic qualities [smirk] of Jay and Silent Bob from Mallrats.
 If you just view the scenes that Metatron,  Herald of the Almighty and the Voice of God , is in, the story is less murky. Dogma is irreverent (hooray!) and creative, but it would have benefitted from a more ruthless editor. Some of the scenes seem to be pointless digressions to provide a space for some low 7th grade humor. But if you concentrate on scenes with the testy seraphim, Metatron (superbly played by Alan Rickman), the film holds together really well and has a heart.
 The first time I saw this film, I absolutely loved it--I saw it with a large group of open-midned Catholic students floowed by a two-hour interview with Kevin Smith.  Definitely the preferred viewing.  I watched  it again with some Jesuits, and came to two mutual conclusions. 1)  Getting  truly offended by this film is lunacy. 2)Nevertheless, the film is not very  good. Kevin Smith is classic here, and the film is quite effective in its  parody moments.  Its other best moment is a very serious dialogue between  Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, who worked the actor's equivalent of minimum  wage for their friend Smith when they could have been making millions.  As  evidenced by the mix of dramatic dialogue and parody, however, this film  never quite figures out what it wants to be.  It jumps from one genre to  the next, with reckless abandon, forgetting to take the story line with it,  and several moments are too childish to be funny. That said, however, you  cannot be too mad at Smith for making a loosely coherent movie.  He's only  made one other film that tried to be coherent (and succeeded), Chasing Amy.  Also unlinke his other films, the acting is excellent--the cast ranges from  the good to the amazing, rather than the traditional smith range of the  very good to the awful.  And his dialogue here, while not quite par with  his other movies, is better than nearly any other popular screenwriter. As  a movie that you want to see that is fun to watch, this gets four and 1/2  stars.  As an effective theologial statement, it gets two.  His slowly  emerging pictuer of what he thinks is good faith is confused and  vapid--basically, his idea is that the object of faith is irrelevant, which  kind of overlooks the natuerr of faith along every standpoint, from human  psychology to grammar (we have faith *in* something).  None of it is  offensive, because in the end, it's not saying anything.  To be  *theologically* offensive, you need a great work, like Last Temptation of  Christ.
 Kevin Smith's unflinching onslaught upon organized religion that masks its intentions under the guise of an over-indulgent, goofy stoner road trip. Although he's chewing on some very thick meat in this one, a weighty, opinionated take on a touchy subject isn't quite enough to compensate for the sheer volume of quirks and trademarks the writer/director once again puts up on display. Every on-screen character speaks in long, unbroken monologues; basically mouthpieces for Smith himself. Jay and Silent Bob, the inessential links to Smith's earlier films, feel shoehorned into a plot that would've worked just as well (if not better) without them. Punchlines are virtually spelled out along the bottom of the screen, or glaringly in the backgrounds. It's a pity, because the film does have some valid points about the shortcomings of organized religion and the evolution of spirituality - particularly Catholicism - but amidst so much sinewy excess that central message is nearly clouded beyond interpretation. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, still fresh from the success of Good Will Hunting, turn in strong performances as ignorant fallen angels but ultimately find little else to work with.
 'Dogma' is an irreverent look at religion from auteur Kevin Smith. Though it was protested by religious groups it shows that Kevin Smith has obviously studied and thought about the subject quite a bit, though his view is admittedly askew. I was expecting that it would be a terrible movie, but Smith had a lot of profound thoughts and waited until he was mature enough as a film maker to tackle them. There was only a few places where the acting was as bad as in his first film, 'Clerks,' and by that I mean places where you are acutely aware that the actors are reading a script, one weighted down with a lot of philosophy and theology, and they falter under their burden. Ben Affleck, as rogue angel Bartleby, carries a lot of the excess theological baggage, so I suppose that it isn't really fair to single him out. Salma Hayek, as the muse Serendipity, was nominated for a Razzie award for worst acting--but she didn't win it!  In 'Dogma' we have the usual Kevin Smith obsessions
 Kevin Smith is, in My opinion, the new Millenniums answer to Orson Welles, "Clerks will go down in history as his "Citizen Kane as it was his First film, he Wrote, Directed and Acted in it, it was Controversial and he will Probably Never Top it. "Dogma is Kevin's most Ambitious film to date, and it ranges from Infinitely Clever to Irretrievably Crap, some scenes Fly by, some scenes Crawl, some Performances are Spot On, some are Cringe-worthy. We All know he is a Talented Writer, but his Directing skills are Far from Polished. No Tricky Camera work, no Imagination in the Shots, he just Points and Shoots. With all of his Previous films, he could just blame the Lack of Budget as the reason the Production wasn't Top Notch, but Here, he has no Excuses. An A-List Cast, a Good Budget and a Bucket Load of Potential... Kevin's Script and Directing are the Letdowns. Now to the Performances... I'll Start with the Great ones.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon may play Fallen Angels in the film, but for Kevin Smith, they are a God Send. They make his Dialogue sound Great and when they are on the Screen, the Film is at it's Best. Jason Lee is a Close Second, (Ben and Matt tied for First) as he and Ben have worked with Kevin a couple of times before, ("Chasing Amy and "Mall Rats") they know how to deliver his dialogue. They are to Kevin what Laurence Olivier is to Shakespeare. Alan Rickman comes off Next Best, every time he was on screen; I had an Ear-to-Ear smile. Jay and Silent Bob are as Good as Ever, their Comedic Styles are as Fresh as Ever and they don't look like they'll be getting Dull any time soon. The Same cannot be said for Linda Fiorentino, Salma Heyek or Chris Rock. They have been given Large Quantities of Dialogue which could Easily have been given the Chop, it Embarasses them and Bores the Audience. Every time they open their mouths, Biblical Speeches follow and It slows the film to a Crawl. Especially Chris Rock, he does his best with the films Worst Lines, not even Eddie Murphy could have saved This Character. Overall, it is Worth Seeing. Opinions of "Dogma Vary like you Wouldn't Believe. To some It the Best Movie Ever, to others, it's the Worst. You just may be One of the Many who Adore it.
 Downsides
 I love Mr. Smith's directing and writing. He's just freakin' awesome. So I hold him to very high standards. I know a lot of people talked trash about this movie, but it really wasn't bad. What it was, was corrupted by Kevin Smith's celebrity friends and their cameos. One of the things about Kevin Smith's earlier movies was the actors involved didn't detract from the movie. Even Amy with a then-unknown Ben Affleck. In this case, however, it's hard to let the story shine with people like Matt Damon involved. And don't get me wrong- I love Matt Damon.
 Dogma is not a bad movie, but it's not a good one.  It began with some sharp satire, got preachy in the middle (all the arrogant religions only see a little bit of the truth but the humble and wise Kevin Smith sees the whole picture - the standard elephant and the blind men fallacy) and ended like most of Smith's efforts...unevenly.  If Kevin Smith was a chess player he would have one of the world's best opening games, a slightly below average middle game and a horrid end game.  Oh, and if you are going to make a religious satire, please don't include 3 extended diatribes expounding `correct' pluralistic religious perspective.  Satire should preach subversively not didactically.
 The DVD is packed with excellent features.  The film isn't.  The Catholic church is a very easy target for ridicule and this film always makes the easy jokes.  At its best Dogma can be really quite funny but at its worst it is simply amateurish, unfortunately there is very little of the best.
 The movie is done well, with it's brilliant screenwriter. It's the most comercial of his movies, so far. Even though it has it's wonderful parts (SB&amp;J are brilliant funny actors, Ben Affleck &amp; Matt Dillion are in it as well, but I think they just had them in it to make it more successful), it did better than it deserved. All his other movies, like CLERKS, were completely brilliant. But that is a far cry from this one. I mean I enjoyed it some but I didn't respect it. Come on the villians were angels and hockey players. BUt I still liked it. And it was pretty cool that GOD was a woman, Alanis Morsette. The  movie starts out great and then just gets stupid. WARNING
 Why is it that directors of indie films &amp; the bizzarre often make box office flops when given a big budget &amp; star power? Is it the audience that only expects greatness from b&amp;w films, or movies shot w/a handheld  camera &amp; almost no budget? Maybe, because it happened w/david Lynch  (Dune),Tim Burton (Mars Attacks), and now Kevin Smith. The fact of the  matter is that these are all good films, they just seem to lack the   edge  attributed to their directors.Dogma is no exception. The  idea is very clever. 2 fallen angels attempt to regain entry into Heaven,  which will mean the destruction of mankind if they do so, as it will prove  God fallible. Neat. The angels are Damon &amp; Affleck who are good, but  really unneeded stars as leads. Linda Fiorentino, who hasn't lost her touch  since Last Seduction, but just chose some bad scripts, is on top of her  game here as a faith stricken Catholic. She is joined by Jay &amp; Silent  Bob (unusually nonabrasive in this role), as well as the Muse Salma Hayek,  to stop them. What I feel results is a fun, clever, well crafted film  that was either overlooked or played down because of religious factions  that opposed the movie. The only problems that I found, really, were the  few mistakes made in regards to Catholisism; one being that a priest,  bishop, or cardinal cannot sanction a  door  which will forgive  all siners simply by passing thru it, which is what the 2 angels call their   loophole  for getting back into Heaven. Only the Pope is  infallible in the Catholic religion, &amp; I don't remember the film  mentioning him sanctioning this  door.  Another faux paus was  that chris Rock couldn't be the 13th apostle, as there was a 13th apostle  in scripture. He was Mathias, who replaced Judas after his suicide. Rock  would be the 14th apostle. Other than that, the swearing got old real fast,  but those are about my only complaints w/the movie. I found that,  intentionally or unintentionally,View Askew Productions created a faith  affirming movie. Who wouldn't want God to be loving, beautiful (whether  male or female), unspeaking, as we couldn't understand the sublime nature  of an all powerful being anyway, and w/a sense of humor and wonder in all  His creations, as evidenced by God's romp and tumblesets through the  fresh,green grass.Just perfect! I know that this is the type of God I would  want. A cute (bet that's the first time that word was used to describe  Dogma)film.
 Ironic that this movie is condemned by the Catholic League since everything in it is extremely Catholic. Almost every seminary student should watch this thing. Pretty much the story about bitter angels trying  to get into Heaven follows the same theological conundrum posed by the  Prophecy (ie, G-d's messengers really hate the human race) but it is  extremely silly for the most part. Cute scenes in the movie include the  blessed golf clubs, the whole  angels can't have sex  scenes,  Alanis Morrisette as G-d, and the poop monster. Strengths include Chris  Rock, Alan Rickman as well as Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as the angels. Jay  &amp; Silent Bob are funny but most of their jokes were in the comic books  already (including going to the town where all the John Hughes movies took  place to pick up Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy). George Carlin is  hilarious but that's mostly because he's George Carlin. Irritating parts  of the movie included the hockey playing demons, the demon character and  Linda Fiorentino's character (Smith still can't write female characters  very well, but at least he's trying unlike Mamet who just sticks a woman in  the movie for no reason whatsoever.) And I was personally disturbed by  the fact that Salma Hayak's character was a sexless angel. But that's just  my personal problem and doesn't really detract from the movie. Hayak is  either really irritating or really good in movies (pretty much mostly  Rodriguez movies is where she shines.) and in this one she's pretty  good. So rent it out or buy it. It's a fun movie. Just don't expect the  greatest movie ever made. Kevin Smith may one day direct an amazingly  beautiful and deep movie, but for now he directs enjoyable comedies which  shouldn't be taken as anything more. Oh yeah, I kinda have to agree on  the camera angle thing too. Nothing in this movie is all that visually  interesting, but there were some nice shots and it is getting better.
 On the audio commentary of Mallrats, Kevin Smith says that if 30% of cinemagooers get his humour then he's a happy guy. Watching this in the cinema I would have to say that was the case. His subtle yet clever humour  shows us that there are still filmakers who don't want to spell everything  out for you, who give you a little credit, and teach you things Kevin Smith  style. There are those out there who complained that it was anti religion -  but the survey says NO, I think it was pro religion, I am an athiest but  laernt from this. It is a great film but the DVD is a let down. I already  own Clerks and Mallrats, both which are packed full of extras, so I  initially worried that the low price tag on this release would be a give  away, but hoped nevertheless. I was wrong, no commentary, no behind the  scenes stuff, no outtakes. On this ground the disc must be rated down hence  my 3 stars. So to  to close - great film, poor disc.
 First, let me say this
 Watching Dogma is like hanging out with college kids eating pizza, smoking pot, and talking about religion; that is to say, it may be entertaining, but it's not particularly profound, intelligent, or well thought-out.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon work well together, and it's pleasant to watch their chemistry.  If that's enough to make you want to watch Dogma, by all means
 The only reason I watched this film was for Ben Affleck, I've wanted to see it for ages, but never got the chance to, or gone out of my way to buy it on DVD. But I did enjoy it, even if it was a bit weird. I definitely want it on DVD now, to shed some more light on the (many) bits that I did not understand!  I'm not a fan of Matt Damon (Loki), he generally annoys the hell out of me, so that was one bit of the film I didn't like. Ben Affleck (Bartleby) was cute though - especially when he was angry! They play the good angel/bad angel, constantly switching back and forth.  There are a few familiar faces in this, apart from the obvious - George Carlin (Bill & Ted - rock on dudes!), the chain-smoking girl from Romy & Michele's High School Reunion, Jay & Silent Bob, Chris Rock (Rufus), Salma Hayek (Serendipity) and Alan Rickman. The latter was definitely brilliant, so sarcastic! Jay & Silent Bob just have to be in every Kevin Smith film, and they totally remind me of the guys from Wayne's World (watch out for the bits in the car). I wasn't keen on them, although Silent Bob plays a great part, and manages to make up for what he doesn't say, with facial expressions etc. He was so funny! There are two classic lines in this film. Ben's "Do I come across as gay? and Alan Rickman's "If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing about. So true!  I thought this was along the lines of The Prophecy, although better! Also, watch out for the toilet scene - similar to the one in Trainspotting, but much, much worse! Being a film mainly about religion, there's quite a lot to take in, but it is easy to follow. The story also makes you think, especially what Rufus says about Mary & Joseph. A lot of the stuff went straight over my head, due to not being in any way religious myself, but I know the basics. The Apostles etc, didn't make any sense to me, but maybe would to others, who know all this stuff. I did enjoy this film, and would highly recommend it to anyone. I'll definitely be keeping my eye out for the DVD, with plenty of extras, which explain the film more in-depth, and a commentary.  Oh, and the end credits are great, although they were severely truncated by watching it on TV. And God is a woman? Something we women have known for a long time!
 I rented this mainly to see what all the Catholic backlash was about, fully expecting to be majorly offended.  But, surprisingly, I rather liked it  -- although I really don't understand why Hollywood always assumes that angels constantly spout bad language.  Still, I was surprised by the level of theological/philosophical discourse between Matt Damon and Ben Affleck (the fact that it was those two made the exchanges even funnier since it seemed so incongruous).   The weakest part, IMO, was the ending.  Alanis Morrisette played God as a sort of semi-retarded child, and things just got a tad silly.  But all in all, if you have any taste for the metaphysical, it is an interesting diversion (and not nearly so anti-Christian as I was led to believe).
 Plot is cute.. two angels, need to go back to heaven.. they'll be destorying mankind in the process. A fantasy. The readers of  Fool On The Hill  would find some similarity to the movie's character - it's a  well entertaining story, a few comic lines (not ones that would make you  fall to the ground holding your about-to-burst tummy), but you don't really  connect. That's the movie's main problem, in my opinion, lack of  authenticity. However, one may find an interesting theological concept, as  to whether or not the catholic church ruins belief with its harsh policy.  Better rent it. Don't spend your money on it unless you've fallen in love  with it.
 This movie is not Kevin Smith's finest hour.  Let me just say that as a lapsed Catholic, this movie isn't particularly insulting--although I remember the protests outside theatres.  The problem with it is that it just isn't very FUNNY.  The high point of the film is Smith regular Jason Lee (notably of  Chasing Amy  as Ben Affleck's homophobic co-worker) as a Satan type.  The problem with this movie is that it needs to go bigger and really lampoon organized religion, or it needs to tone it down.  Instead, it's stuck in neutral, with the viewer wondering when it's all going to end. Admittedly, it's kind of fun to watch Ben Affleck and Matt Damon play angels who have fallen from grace, who try to get through a heavenly loophole to regain their wings.  But that's too small a part of the movie to redeem it.  Plus the shootout at the end that finally brings these two devils down is gross--as is the--er--monster that emerges from the toilet to try to stop our protagonists. This isn't an awful movie.  Let's just say that renting  Chasing Amy  and  Clerks  would be time better spent.
 I'm a big Kevin Smith fan, and this movie is good based on the fact that he did it alone, but frankly after his brilliant first three films this one was a bit of a letdown. The hilarious dialogue that I loved in his other movies just seemed to be missing in this one, and the plot was also a lot more serious than the dysfunctional love stories of the first three. However, there were funny moments in the film (Affleck and Damon were great as the two angels), and Jay &amp; Silent Bob were awesome as usual, its good to see them featured this much in the movie. However, if you liked this film, check out Clerks, Mallrats and Chasing Amy and see just how much better Kevin Smith really gets.
 The premise was pretty good, but that's as far as it went
 After thoroughly enjoying Kevin Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy, I had high hopes for Dogma.  The media played up the supposedly inflammatory content of the film and every Catholic film group on Earth seemed eager to bash Smith's effort.  The cast, while not a dream match-up, certainly offered an intriguing ensemble too. As for the story?  Well, it's a cute tale of two angels banished from heaven and now on their way to slip through a supposed loophole in God's laws which will allow them to return home.  Fiorentino, the insufferable Rock and Silent Bob and Jay travel to the same spot, a church, to keep the angels from underminding God and supposedly all creation.  Good enough premise but really what makes the film enjoyable, as with all Smith movies, is the sparkling dialogue.  Sharp and biting, his lines can often be music to the ears.  Smith turned his attention on the church and he does a fine job of pointing out silly hypocrisies in the Catholic Church and its dogma.  Smith delivered on many fronts, while backsliding on others.  His humor has the a unique ability to be both crude and insightful.  Unfortunately a few portions of this film, specifically the feces-based monster were a bit too sophomoric.  But the vast majority of the film's humor shows Kevin is building and growing beyond his start in the often funny though very teen-pleasing Clerks.   His casting unfortunately played against the film.  I've read that Jason Lee was to play Affleck's sidekick angel but a scheduling conflict kept that from becoming a reality.  I must say the film suffers because of this.  Rather than Lee's standout, wonderful delivery the film is burdened with Matt Damon's lack of any screen presence or characterization.  He's Good Will Hunting, the boring angel from my nightmares.  Additionally, putting Chris Rock in a film (even the otherwise excellent Nurse Betty) should now be grounds for the public flogging of a director.  Rock speaks each line as if doing a standup routine.  He's about as natural as polyester.  And about as interesting too.  Salma Hayek continues to enforce the stereotype that acting and beauty are not synonymous (thank heavens for the Cate Blanchetts of the world).  Lee, sadly, is stuck in a woefully underwritten role as a demon fixing to help the angels beat God. But, the film does have some sparkling performances.  Alan Rickman, one of the underappreciated actors of the past few decades does a terrific job, bringing the kind of wit and verve he usually delivers in his performances (not quite as good as his Alexander from Galaxy Quest or even near Hans Gruber in Die Hard).  Fiorentino does a fine job as the reluctanct abortionist world-saver.  Silent Bob (Smith) and Jay (Mewes), as usual continue their foul-mouthed Laurel and Hardy routine (or are they Penn and Teller?). Affleck does a serviceable job but really shows that since Chasing Amy, he's really got little to offer as an actor. Dogma's a fine film and worth the laughs, but it's certainly not controversial or in any way dangerous to the church.  Smith has good pointsto make, even if he does so with a preachy style.
 i really liked this movie, it was funny and had action. but no drama, well some drama. this did get good ratings in the theaters and i understand those ratings but i think my ratings make more sense. bye
 "Live or die. Make your choice. - Jigsaw lays down the law in "Saw  Carey Elwes, Danny Glover, & Monica Potter star in this semi-thriller that has some lukewarm twists, but, comes off as another rip-off of "Se7en".  Dr. Lawrence Gordan awakens to find himself barefoot and chained to outer piping in a disgusting, & decrepit men's room, with no recollection of how or why he got there. He isn't alone as he discovers Adam, a young man in the same predicament as Gordan  sitting in the opposite corner of the room. But, worst of all is, in the center of the room a dead male face down in its own pool of blood with a gun in one hand and micro-cassette player in the other.  After some clue searching, both men discover that there the pawns of a deadly game orchestrated by a serial killer who has a penchant for playing twisted games, in which he is the only winner. This particular game has Dr. Gordan killing Adam and going free. But, if Gordan doesn't kill Adam by 6 P.M., his wife & daughter will be slaughtered and Gordan will rot in his chains until his death. With time winding down to the dinner time hour, its up to Dr. Gordan to figure a way out and save everyone from certain death.  "Saw is one of those films that tries to scare, disturb, &  offend at the same time, but comes up short in each category. The film won't have you losing sleep over it & it's nothing to write home about. There are a few good shots in the film though. The twisty ending is okay, too.  Carey Elwes gets the wussiest performance of the year as the shackled doctor. By the time he gets to do some fatal cutting, I could care if he lived or died, with the all the crying & whimpering that carried on. Danny Glover channels the dark side of Roger Murtaugh, the cop he played in the "Lethal Weapon quadrilogy & his performance isn't near as menacing enough as the characters he portrayed in "The Color Purple & "Witness". Monica Potter is window dressing at best with a decent fight scene at the end.  "Saw is a decent enough time passer (catch it when it hits HBO), but it just doesn't have enough teeth.
 i've been waiting a long time to see this movie. well i just went and saw it but i was about as satisfied as when you order a pepperoni pizza and get it with no cheese. i thought the storyline was phenomenol, the acting was good although i think dr. gordons character by the end will have some audiences laughing, but the ending leaves you knowing that it was just for shock value.  Spoilers ahead!!  at the end of this movie we find out that the killer was just another pawn to the real killer. but then we have to find out who that killer was. i think that the ending should have just been left at that and let the audience make up their own suspects  just a thought.
 Two men wake up chained to pipes in a decrepit subterrenean chamber - left with them are instructions from the infamous serial killer known only as "Jigsaw who wants one of them to shoot the other. They only have hours to do this and if they don't, they both die. Left with them in the room are two hack saws - too weak to cut through chains, but strong enough to cut through flesh and bone.  If it wasn't for SEVEN then this movie wouldn't exist. It's a good psychological thriller only let down by some bad acting and crummy dialogue.
 SAW.  First of all, let me get this out in my opening. This isn't my normally preferred style horror flick. I enjoy films ala Event Horizon or Hellraiser (I and II) much more.  This movie does very well keeping you guessing. Not until the very end does it reveal its cards. For that it kept my attention from stem to stern.  The style of the movie - some of the quick cuts and shifting around in the story. They did it well for what they were trying to go for. For that, I'm not critical. Its just not my favored way to tell a story. I understood the story with no problems. I'm just no fan of "flashback sequences when they are overused.  The writers do a good job playing on our fears of confinement.  That dirty, nasty bathroom was a perfect scene to augment those fears.  Overall, its a decent movie. A creative style killer who doesn't kill you, but mindf*cks you forcing you to do something that sickens you to live - I found that refreshing. The ending is most definetly not a "feel good type either. For that it wins points too. I hate cliche endings that are too safe.  My only knocks against it story could be bit jarring the way it was constructed. However, for its creativity and willingness not to cop for the crowd pleasing end. This one gets a rental recommendation from me.  *** 1/2
 Why? That is my question. Why did they have to take a perfectly good horror film and tack on an arbitrary twist at the end that negates everything that went before it. Why? Saw had so much promise all throughout, and, if done right, the ending could have tied it all together and really delivered a message, but instead, the ending essentially throws everything out the window in favor of tricking the audience. Sure, all of the self-contained plot elements might make sense, but the resolution completely ignores all logical character motivations. This is not to say that Saw isn't a disturbingly scary movie for most of its length, but, jeez, why?  The film opens in a disgusting bathroom that you can almost smell through the screen, where Adam (Leigh Whannell, who also wrote the screenplay) and Lawrence (Cary Elwes) wake up to find themselves chained at the foot on opposite sides of the room, and, oh, there's a dead man lying in between them. They quickly intuit that this is not good, and Lawrence, a doctor, conveniently has a good idea of who has captured them here, because he was once a suspect. It seems there is a serial killer on the loose, but this killer does not technically do any killing himself; he cleverly finds ways to allow his prey to kill themselves.  And so the killer has given Lawrence an ultimatum
 A well thought out little horror story with a great look for the budget and timeframe in which it was shot.......... the only negative drawback ?  The 2 actors.  Whenever the movie reaches a point where the terror/tension is reaching a peak, the 2 actors come across as comical and humorous instead of scared and terrified. One gets the impression the 2 main actors kept laughing while doing the most horrifying scenes and the director/editor had to finally give up and splice together the scenes where they seemed to be cracking up the least.  My wife for example kept asking me.... "Do you think they wanted this to be dark humor or something ? I replied "No.. the actors are trying to act extremely terrified, they just can't pull it off and come across like they are doing a spoof  If you overlook those acting ability limitations...the whole film as a package is well done.  At least I stayed awake thru this film unlike the horribly boring and overated "GRUDGE", which I have no idea how anybody finds interesting.
 ...to make a film more horrifying and gripping than it actually is. First off, let's get something straight. Saw is NOT a horror film. It's a thriller. Horror films, by definition, involve the supernatural. Everyone got that clear?  As far as the movie itself, Yes, it's bloody and a little shocking here and there, but as a whole, Saw is as lukewarm as the water in the tub. That the plot is a piece of Swiss cheese is secondary. The movie's biggest problem is the acting. Both Whannell (who should really stick to writing and let attempting to act go) and Elwes shamefully overact, chewing scenery almost non-stop. Even more maddening, when Elwes stops chewing, he underacts, as if he's reading from a cue card. He was always an average actor at best, and pretty much destroys any credibility he ever had here. Danny Glover looks like someone drugged him to do the film. The worst performance I've ever seen him turn in. And, a lot of the rest of the cast is mediocre, too. As far as the story goes, well... it's a movie. The problem is, if Wan and Whannell (sounds like a comedy team) would've tried to make the screenplay smoother, and Wan himself stopped trying to be so damn "I went to film school artistic with all the unnecessary (they add exactly zero to the film) speed-ups and weird angles, this might've been a far more shocking and engrossing film. As it stands, far too may holes and unexplained or undeveloped areas. Overall, it's just weak. Finally,in a movie like this, when one of the major premises is gore, why not go for the whole thing instead of cutting away? Yet another example of a potentially terrifying,lasting film botched by poor handling. Makes you wonder what another director and writer might have done with it. Let someone who knows how to see Saw. See?  PS
 Initially I will admit that I had no desire whatsoever to watch 'Saw'. My expectations were that it was going to be nothing more than just another one of those splatter films whose sole aim was to nauseate and repulse the audience.  Miracle of miracles, I happened to be wrong. While the gore element is there, for the most part it is an anticipated horror more than an actually realized one (at least by today's standards). For most of the film the terror and dread is psychological in nature and proceeds from an intelligent storyline and a thought-provoking script which dialogues with the audience on such concerns as the nature of life, death and what a person would be willing to do to retain ones life.  For me what really makes the film work is the protagonist nicknamed Jigsaw. While his actions are indeed horrific and grotesque his reasoning comes across as rational, his goals subtle and his attention to detail flawless. Well worth a watch, or two.  My Rating
 I'LL BE GLAD WHEN SAW 4 AND 5 IS A CHEAP ER DEAL AND SAW 3.
 This movie was creepy, shocking, and finally, gross.  It was ok..However, although there are other SAWs out there, for me, one was enough.
 We heard about this movie and ordered it to watch on Halloween. Our plans was to pop some popcorn and watch Saw. Forget about eating while watching this show. If you like bloody shows with body parts cut off you will love this movie. Myself I don't care for it.
 Not a review but a question. Does this work on UK Playstations as only SAW III is available on Region B for some reason?
 i thought that it was going to be more bloody than the SAW movie was. It was or at least I didn't think it was. The only cool thing was the case that the movie came in. the front is like a bag of some sort with blood in it and a jigsaw that floats around. really cool. not sure if it's worth the exact money for this version of the dvd.
 `Saw' is a delightful movie to review, as it is such a mix of both good and poor qualities that it is a challenge to weigh them against one another to see what comes out ahead. For the impatient, I will say that I think the two cancel one another out in weighing the overall quality of the movie; however, the interesting aspects make the movie worth seeing and buying, in spite of the negatives.  The first and most important positive for a horror film is the visceral reaction of the viewer. Did the movie scare, frighten, or cause mad dashes to the bathroom to clean out soiled underpants? The answer to this question for me is a tentative yes, but only with regard to a single, minor character, where the movie played the `Aliens' / `The Exorcist' card which put a child at genuine risk, not the supernatural, kinda spooky, kinda neat type of menace of `Poltergeist'. So my score on this point is positive.  A second important positive for a horror film is the inventiveness of the threat. `Halloween' scores big on this point with its creative minimalism of a psychopathic stalker with a blank, white mask. This is in strong contrast to a lot of more elaborate scare scenarios done up until `Halloween' was made, whereupon everyone copied John Carpenter's idea. Another prime example among `B' movies is '28 Days Later' which changes the rules about how zombies are expected to act. It doubles its impact by adding a twist to the behavior of a group of survivors which seems to be making a psychological statement not unlike the classic `Lord of the Flies' survivors novel. My favorite example from A list movies is the nature of the threat in `Alien'. The object lesson here is to be sure to hire a great graphic artist when you design your monsters.  The seemingly most striking original element of `Saw' is the fact that the perp is not literally killing the victims himself, he is putting them in situations where they do things which leads to their killing themselves, or at least failing to find their way out of a trap before the trap is sprung and they are killed by the environment created by the perp. While this is the element of originality explicit in the movie, this story line may not be quite as original as the authors would have you believe. There is a strong similarity between the fate of the victims in `Saw' and the way in which the murders are done in `Seven'. In both cases, the scenario in which the vics die is connected to perceived past sins. And, the deaths in `Seven' are to some extent a result of the victims' own actions.  The truly more original aspect of `Saw' is that it is laid out very much like an adventure video game, where progress or even survival is based on solving puzzles. Clues are doled out by a very stingy puzzle master and they are generally couched in riddles, so we double the fun by making one answer one puzzle to get the clues needed to solve the next puzzle. The frustration in seeing the nested puzzles, yet you are stuck at the first step. Reminds me of the frustration of trying to find my way into the Underground Empire in `Zork I'. I must also say that most of the perils created by the perp win points for originality. These add to the dangers to those among us with weak bowels.  The biggest question for the audience is for how long does the filmmaker maintain the suspense for the viewer? The answers to some of the puzzles are evident to the audience long before they dawn on the characters, partly because the producers let the cat out of the bag for at least one major piece of business in their promotional material. The writer did manage to keep the identity of the ultimate perp hidden until the very end of the movie, largely by presenting us with a fairly transparent red herring that kept our attention diverted from the real puzzle master.  Weighed against these positives is a rather serious list of negatives beginning with the question of whether the two main characters would really behave as they did in the movie if they were presented with their situation. I think the initial panic is real enough, but I think the writer does not give enough credit to the problem solving abilities of a normally intelligent person, and at least one of the two principals is a highly educated surgeon. I really suspect that with the tools at hand, the two principle vics would have been a lot more clever in being able to free at least one, so he could go get help. As evidence of this, I offer the resolution to a similar problem in Stephen King's novel `Gerald's Game'.  If you resolve the improbabilities, you are left with some bad writing for the roles of the police detectives working this case, lead by Danny Glover. The glaring contrast between Glover in this movie and Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman in `Seven' makes my point better than anything else I can say. This is not Glover's fault, except in the fact that he decided to play this weak role to begin with. I am inclined to say that the movie would have been much better if the roles of Glover and his partner had been eliminated or minimized. The movie makers probably felt they needed the detectives' business to have someone to chase perps and take bullets from the potential perp and from booby traps, since the two main characters are trapped inside their own personal dungeon. The cops also introduce scenes from past perp scenes that fill out the way in that our perp works and thinks.  The movie does not live up to its hype, but it is worth a good chill.
 Ask anyone about `Saw' and you'll get the same answer. "It was like `Se7en' but not as good.  `Saw' is only similar to `Se7en' in that they fall into the same genre of Serial Killer Thriller. But plot wise I'd compare it closer to `Usual Suspects.' Both stories are non linear. The plots are told from different points of view and through flashbacks, creating a very complex edge of your seat thriller.  The plot
 Oh, what this movie could have been.  I don't think the directing or acting was that bad.  But the script was too generic.  A little research was needed.  Let me explain
 I went to "see saw", simply because I am a huge elwes fan. I haven't always liked every film he's been apart of, but all in all he's very dependable. After reading the reviews of several critics and balancing whether or not I should spend the twenty bucks, I sauntered into the theater with low expectations. Frankly, I was pleasantly surprised.  Saw opens with two men in complete darkness. Only their voices are heard, as they figure out a way to turn the lights on. It takes a little courage to start a film this way. No explosions. No endless galaxies. Darkness and two voices. That drew me in pretty quickly. Then, once they take that step, the film begins.  Saw is not perfect. Is any film? It has dozens of puzzles that unfold at exactly the time the plot deems it necessary. Yes, it feels sometimes forced. To me it felt like a train ride, you know its always going to go in one direction, but as long as you reach the destination, no one cares. I didn't. I just sat there, allowed the film to have its way with me, sipped my pibb, then walked away with a grin. It does touch on other films like se7en, which is sitting on my shelf right now, but if it wasn't made, would we still be bashing Saw? Also a key difference is in this we get to see the actual events, rather than the aftermaths. Also, you cannot guess the ending before it comes. Its near impossible. Yes, that's a challenge.  I am going to conclude on this. I do recommend Saw, simply because it has managed to do something very few films have accomplished. It has a secret. A one million dollar budget. That is unheard of! It continues the trend of low-budget, independant films that are sweeping the globe in massive success. Saw has earned nearly 72 million dollars world wide. I say congratulations to all envolved, and cudos on making something out of nothing.
 Two men wake up in a scuzzy and awful looking bathroom with chains and ankle bracelets on them attached to pipes. They dont know why they are there until they find 2 tapes and a recorder on a dead guy in the middle of the room. So, there's a sadistic loony killer called The Jigsaw Killer out there who loves to play games with his victims and has them play in dangerous scenarios involving barbwire, bear traps and fire. Soon. Doctor Gordon, played by Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride, Robin Hood Men In Tights) and the other man Adam, played by Leigh Whannell (Razor Eaters, Matrix Reloaded) ,find out why they are there....they find 2 saws and to get out they  cant saw threw the chains, but their legs to get loose. In the same vein as SEVEN. Who doesnt want to see Cary Elwes, Westley from Princess Bride, saw his foot off? That scene of superbly done, the music was just right and the ending was what got me...totally didnt see that coming. Also starring Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon movies), Tobin Bell (Black Mask 2, The Firm) Monica Potter (Tv's Boston Legal, Con Air), Benito Martinez (Tv's The Shield), Shawnee Smith (Saw 2, Tvs Becker), Dina Meyer (Saw 2, Starship Troopers) and Ken Leung (Rush Hour, Keeping The Faith). Dina Meyer and Shawnee Smith also star in Saw 2 as the same characters...Tobin Bell as well too
 This movie doesn't have much to offer. It's typical horror, psychological stuff that will either thrill you or leave you wondering why you even bothered to rent it. And one shock (which happens in the end) doesn't make up for a mediocre movie. The characters don't learn anything about themselves, the "killer's (he's more like a puppermaster) motivation lacks depth, and his choice of victim is screwy with what motivation we do get. This movie is just, well, stale.  So Adam and Lawrence wake up in a dirty bathroom, each chained to pipes on opposite sides of the room with a guy who has blown his head off laying between them. They don't remember how they got there, nor do they know why they of all people were so unfortunate as to end up in a smelly, disgusting bathroom. Lawrence thinks he knows who did it-- the same guy, known as the jigsaw killer, who had killed (or rather set up his victim's to kill themselves) several people. We learn that Lawrence was a suspect. Anything of importance about Adam, Lawrence, and the killer, are revealed in a series of flashbacks. It's a tad confusing, but it's all sorted out in the end. And the final shock is actually pretty good. I didn't see it coming.  This movie is just under par in terms of character. I really want to see a horror movie that has a killer with awesome motivation and victims who use their heads instead of machetes to discover the mystery murderer. If Lawrence had thought about the situation a little more, he would've concluded that sawing his foot off (yes, he does that, and it's cringe-worthy) was a bad idea. Not a bad movie, not a good movie, just a typical Saturday night horror flick. Better than other horror films that have come out recently though. House of Wax, anyone?
 i just got back from my manager's house, and he already has this dvd. i'm not saying how he got it, but he has it already.  anyway, i watched this movie in the theater and left unhappy.  it has a decent flow, except for the parts where the camera gets hyperactive and crappy rock music blares for no real reason.  if it weren't for the stupid camera and crappy music, i would rate this movie higher.  don't believe me?  watch it, then you will see that i'm right.  the dvd is a pretty good deal.  possibly even worth buying for real slasher fans.  it comes in a cool case, but sadly the disc isn't really a saw...  okay, if you haven't seen the damn movie, here's the plot...the whole thing
 1. Saw is one of the early blu-ray releases, so it's a single-layer (25GB) disc. It uses a high bit-rate MPEG2 encoding, which just can't keep up with some of the finer details and fast camera moves. As such, it looks a little better than what you would see on your HD satelite service.  2. While the DTS-ES track is nice, it's still lossy audio. Given how dialogue driven this film is, this isn't too big of a deal.  If this bluray is on super-sale (&lt;$8), and you LOVE the film, go for it. Otherwise, I would just record it on your DVR from whatever satelite/fiber HD service you have and watch that until a re-issued bluray with VC-1 and DTS-HD master audio comes out.
 Director
 Audiences are jaded, especially horror fans, so it's extremely hard in this day and age to make a truly disturbing film on either the visual or plot levels without coming across as trying to hard. This film skates the edge of "trying to hard", and in my opinion falls on the side of genuine. What I like is that this film is stepping in the right direction, away from teen horror flicks and the "I'm a ghost and didn't know it flicks that seem to dominate the genre. One of this films strengths is that most of it plays out in a minimal environment, much like Reservoir Dogs, which places the focus of the suspense and horror on the character's actions, and helps keep the jump scares to a minimum. Like in Se7en, what is disturbing in this film is the choices the characters make and why, not just the environment they are in like in the Dawn of the Dead and Texas Chainsaw Massacre remakes. I also think that most of the devices and situations are believable if not original. What I don't like is the reliance on the "who dun it/surprise ending which I feel is five years past overdone and boring. The film could have cut the last three minutes of revelation and been much stronger and might have earned the accolades it's been airing in it's TV and radio ads about the killer being placed next to many of the horror icons of the past thirty years. At the end of the day this film feels a lot like Se7en, but then that's not such a bad thing.
 Saw was interesting.  I think I was expecting a more senseless out-and-out gore fest and while it is gorey, it pretends to have higher aspirations.  That is actually what kind of diminsihed the film's fun factor for me.  The whole theme about appreciating life, the cat and mouse intrigue were fine - actually it then raised my expectations for the film.  The problem is that after that, the script gets a little sloppy.  The ending is quite frustrating and just a little too silly given the greater depth they had hinted at earlier.  Some fine scary moments and supsense are guaranteed however.  Elwes' real accent keeps slipping out toward the end as his anger and fustration mount and numerous folks have pointed out the kill-him-while-you-have-him gaffe that occurs multiple times.  Both annoying factors as the film moves along.  Still, it can be a fun ride for thriller people.
 I really didn't know what to expect when I saw this movie.  People tried to explain it to me, but they couldn't really convey in normal conversation the true twisted plot of this movie.  Two guys are chained in a disgusting bathroom together, and they have to crack clues and solve some pretty twisted puzzles to prove that they want to stay alive.  Supposedly these guys don't know each other...or do they?  During the movie, you may THINK you have it figured out.  I don't know if the writers make it seem incredibly predictable on purpose...or if it kind of just happened.  It's hard to tell.  Once I DID think that I had it figured out...I thought that would either be a really incredible plot twist or a SMASHING surprise ending.  The movie doesn't really satisfy in that way.  There is a plot twist and a surprise ending, but it's only mildy entertaining. What I did like about this movie was the incredibly twisted and wierd mind of this serial killer...and the stomach churning gory scenes.  It truly entertains for the "Seven lovers in us.  For a low-budge movie, Saw isn't half bad.  There ARE better movies for those of us that enjoy this kind of thing, but it's worth giving Saw a watch if even for the sh-t's and giggles.
 It was a decent horror movie. I psyched myself out for this disgusting amazingly scary film, but i completely over-psyched myself. This is a grade C mystery, not a gory horror movie. The acting was incredibly cheezy, and there was nowhere near the amount of terror i expected. There were no parts in which i jumped, no parts where i grabbed my stomach in disgust. HOWEVER
 Saw is a movie that starts out stylish and smart and gets silly and dumb before it ends. When watching the beginning and middle I thought "how could Richard Roeper call this one of the worse movies of 2004". Then as it gets closer to the end I thought "ok I get it now, that's why". Carey Elwes (Kiss the Girls) gives about the same bad performance that Kim Basinger did on Cellular. It's overly dramatic and just laughable. Still entertainly laughable at least.    Anyway the movie is about a killer who gets people to kill themselves trying to escape. They are people who have wanted to kill themselves and he gets them to fight to try to live. The movie is entertaining through-out even if it does lose it's touch a little at the end. It starts out as a good mystery/horror film and becomes just  laughably bad entertaining at the end.  Still it is a lot better than most recent horror films that came out recently.
 It's a shame that every single producer passed on this film in Austalia. The Australian film industry is primarily concerned with cultural identity, therefore it tends to overlook minor details such as profitability. This is not a brilliant film, but it is good and it has made a ton of money. All of Whannell's influences are transparent, which is not necessarily a bad or good thing.  I have a  sneaking suspicion that the idea for the film could have been inspired by the final scene of Mad Max where Johnny has the option of sawing his leg off or dying, because I know Whennell a big fan of The Road Warrior.
 This film could have been so much better. As a die hard horror fan I thought this movie had a lot to offer. The story although it borrowed from Seven was still fairly interesting, and the mood was very creepy. The acting however, particulary in the last act falls completely apart. In the theater everyone started laughing that's how bad it got. It's really a shame though, this one had potential. A true blue horror film with an R rating and no cutesy teens. I've heard that much of the acting sucked because the budget didn't allow for any second takes and most of what made it into the film were more like practice takes than real takes. It's really a shame that a jackass like Michael Bay can secure millions for junk like Pearl Harbor and Armageddon, and the creators of Saw couldn't even finish their movie the right way.
 I really liked the premise of this movie and understand why it spawned a sequel, but what about that terrible acting!?!  Everyone in the movie seemed to be 'phoning in' their performance.  This movie was fairly original and disturbing, but just think how good it could have been.
 It was a geneously nerve pinching movie, acting was tiring at times but Leigh Whannell's performance in the last two minutes of the film was orgasmic, you can't beat seeing that kind of true-intense fear on a cute guys face. I would recommend it to a select audience but enforce the fact that it's a good nighttime movie. You aren't afraid of the dark are you?
 This was a fun movie to watch, except maybe for the scenes with the annoying split second MTV editing.  The suspense builds throughout the movie and the death scenes are fairly chilling.  The ending is somewhat disappointing... It was the old "last minute surprise twist ending that has been overused since season 2 of Scooby Doo.  I also felt it owed a bit too much to Seven, which is a superior film.  I noticed some reviewers complained about Cary Elwes' over the top performance... While I agree that it was over the top, I don't think it took anything away from the movie.  I felt that it even provided a little bizarre comic relief (especially towards the end).  I'm glad I saw it.  It was a nasty little serial killer movie with an above average plot and execution.  I don't think it's fair to say it's on the same level as "Silence of the Lambs or "Seven".  However, it is in the same genre as those films.  It has more of a raw, dark psychological thiriller feel, as opposed to straight horror (like "Henry
 Actor-writer Leigh Whannel stars with Cary Elwes and Danny Glover in this horror-thriller in the vein of Seven. Newcomer James Wan takes on the directing duties for this ambitious, but flawed film called Saw. Financed by Lions Gate Films which is quickly earning the reputation for taking chances on small, low-budget horror films that other major studios and their independent house won't touch.  Saw succeeds in creating a palpable dread and tension as the character of Adam (Whannel) and Lawrence (Elwes in scenery-chewing mode) wake up with no memory of how they got into chained-up in adingy and dimly lit shower room. Slowly the two characters try to figure out why they've been chained into pipings in the room. Soon ehough a tape recorded message informs them of the situation they're in and all of it due to demented criminal who the press and the police have dubbed Jigsaw. The premise of their incarceration is simple. Jigsaw wants them to play a game where they must find clues and tools hidden around the room and escape from just in time to save Lawrence's wife and daughter. This premise and the reasoning as to why they must play this game is one of this film's strong points, but it also becomes one of its flaws as the Whannel overwrites the dialogue into trying to explain everything through the Elwes character. Whannel as a writer doesn't seem to trust his audience to solve or even understand the premise and Jigsaw. Unlike Seven which gives just enough hints and clues for people to try and solve the problem, Saw pretty much tries to give everything away. Fortunately, the story in convoluted and twisty enough that the audience might be confused by the time Elwes character over-explains everything. Saw is the kind of film that surely would've benefitted from the concept of less is more.  The acting is average to say the least with Elwes chewing up every scene he's in. It's hard to gauge whether Elwes' performance was due to the pedestrian script he had to read from or if he thought that was what the character needed. Either way his character dominated the film even in scenes when he should've stayed in the background. Whannel as an actor is believable enough and probably a level better than as a writer. Though he was abit too subdued, but then that might've been due to the fact he had to act opposite of the over-the-top Elwes. Danny Glover makes an appearance as a burned-out cop whose earlier run-in with Jigsaw led to his partner's death and him scarred for life. Glover's seems to barely register in the film and his character seems abit tacked on to give the story an added dimension to make it complex. Horror films should really try to stay simple.  Saw does deliver in the gore department, but not overly much. It just had enough squirm-inducing scenes in the beginning, middle and end chapters to make the film worthwhile to fans of R-rated horror. This film will not be mistaken for one of the PG-13 Japanese ghost remakes of the last five years. As stated earlier this film owes alot more to Fincher's Seven than to Nakata's Ringu series. The quick frantic beginning makes way for a middle part where too much talking and not enough horror sequences. Fortunately, the pacing speeds up once more in the last 10-15 minutes as Jigsaw's game and manipulations come to a bloody and twisted end.  One thing to mention as a stand-out character even though he's only on the screen a limited time is the genre actor Tobin Bell who plays Jigsaw with a twisted sense of tragic nobility. As much as Jigsaw may be the demented creator of the game and trap Adam and Lawrence have been put in, it was very difficult not to admire Bell's character. He's not on par with Hannibal Lector, but he has that potential to be one of the classic cinematic villains.  In the end, Saw was a good enough horror movie for fans of the genre. Though casual horror fans may be more shocked with the film's scenes and premise than hardened horror-aficionados. Saw could've been very good or great if not for its overexplanation of everything going on in the scene and the average acting performance of most of the cast. Tobin Bell's performance being the only real highlight of the entire group. The ending of Saw seems well-suited for sequels. I wouldn't mind seeing what new complex game Jigsaw has in mind for a new set of unworthies.
 Can't believe I'm the first person to review this film... I really don't know what to think.  It's one of those movies that when it is over you think "now why didn't I pay more attention the first time.  Without giving the ending away I did wonder about this one character..... Don't think I'd ever watch it again.  Frankly I prefer Alfred Hitchcock's thrillers to this one.  Very gory and hard to follow the story line.  Probably this movie is for viewers under the age of 30 that are used to modern day gore.  Sorry!
 The movie did have a few good scenes, yet I found the ending unsatisfying and even disappointing and also, there are some obvious inconsistencies in the story line.
 Two men awaken to find themselves chained to thick metal piping at the opposite ends of an old abandoned bathroom. Adam (Leigh Whannell) is a photographer; Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes, The Princess Bride) is a surgeon. Both men have no idea how they ended up in this room together. Nor how a dead body laying between them got there. In the dead body's hands are a gun and a micro-cassette tape player.  They soon discover a micro-cassette tape in each of their pockets, and quickly uncover a creepy message that awaits them by their captor. The "jigsaw killer has caught them
 First off, I am a film maker, for the most part a horror/suspense film maker. I love when movies like "Saw are released simply because it gives a twist on todays film indistry. I must say, seeing the trailer for "Saw the first time, I thought it looked like another slash em up movie on a first date kind of level, but was I ever wrong! "Saw is an absolute miraclous film. I was amazed by it. In the beggining I admit it seems like a pointless reason to throw blood around, but give it time, it starts to get good and twisted fast. This was director James Wan's debut and I must say I am right proud of this young man. The movie is superb in every way except its acting. I'm sorry, I apoligiese to those who are true critics because the acting in this movie is not all that believable, yet the movie itself makes up for it. I would have to recomend this movie to every horror fan out there, but be warned, not for the faint of heart. But all in all you should find yourself guessing, sweating, breathing heavier, and wide eyed from first frame to the masterpiece of a twist. The best twist since "The Sixth Sense no lie. "Saw is a great film and if only its acting was imrpoved this would limp away with an easy **** 4 stars. From Horror/Suspense Writer/Director Matt M. Thank you.
 I originally bought the whole series for our son because he said Saw was a great movie.  I dont like "bloody movies but this does have plot.  More like a "moral of the story plot.  Teresa Kernersville NC
 I didn't know what to expect when I sat down to watch this infamous horror/gore movie. I can pretty much handle anything you can throw at me, but the title suggest I am going to see some really disturbing stuff! To my surprise, the movie has nowhere near the gore I thought it would have. This is a good thing and it is really more in the same vein as Se7en and Halloween etc. A good entry in the horror genre and much better than I expected. I liked the third installment, but I was not too impressed with the second one. If you must see a Saw then this is the Saw to see. ;-b
 ...but there was a healthy dose of suspense and enough twists to keep the viewer interested.  What loses me is the title and cover, which I thought conveyed a more demented body chopping scenario. I expected to see some serial killer sawing up his victims, but that's not what this film is about. The saw doesn't come into play until the end, after being introduced in the beginning, at which time we assume what it's final use will be anyway. Another title and presentation should have been used to correctly convey the films personality.  The saw is not the main focus, and certainly not the main tool of carnage in this clever film. Yes, I said clever. I cannot knock the originality, and freshness of this plot, but I think the title and cover do not do it justice. This is a great story with some good and bad acting, but overall a good thrill. It is deceiving. I'm actually surprised they made part two.  People may come away unhappy because they expected one thing based on the name and packaging, yet got something completely different.
 Saw is a pretty grotesque story yet had an intriguing story.  In the movie, Jigsaw kidnaps people and sets them up in things that force them to hurt themselves in order to escape, or else they die in some way.  The story of this movie is interesting, but it is pretty disgusting to me when the characters inflict pain on themselves.  That stuff just turns me off and I was very grossed out by this.  Other then that, if you don't mind that then you should like this movie a lot as it has a good story and a lot of gore.
 This is a solid-situation thriller as they call it. However, it isn't one in the strict sense of the term as much of the story occurs outside the bathroom where those two chaps are held captive. Of the two it is only Lawrence who is ordered to kill the other, Adam, thus robbing the film of all the psychological interplay that would occur between the two were Adam also  ordered to kill the other, Lawrence. True, I did find myself on the edge of the seat at times, but I found it a bit difficult to identify with this demented mastermind whose motive can only be described as "infantile", and it is for this reason that all this preaching about "how ungrateful we are of the blessings sounds decidedly hollow. This is in no way a bad film but I prefer Cube to this one as the Canadian thriller, based on the Cartesian/Kantian concept, has much more to offer both ethically as well as artistically.
 I expected this to be just another slasher film with unnecessary nudity and people running upstairs instead of down. But, it's actually nothing like that surprisingly. This is a fresh feel to a horror movie, probably seen before, but hasn't been done to death over the past few years.  The movie starts off a bit confusing, but you pick up on whats going on. It starts off showing the two main actors, already stuck in their prison that the villain has placed them in. They're locked in chains, have no idea how they got there and don't know what is going on. As it goes on, they find these sort of clues, and have to solve little riddles or something while a clock is running down. If they run out of time, pay the consequences. Also it follows a story of an ex-cop played by Danny Glover who is on the hunt for the "Jigsaw killer. During the movie there are flashbacks to things the main actors are remembering from their pasts, trying to remember how they got into the situation they are in, what they had heard, who they thought it was, who they where etc...  It's hard to say anything really without giving away the whole deal. So I'll just say, this an interesting movie because every-time you think you predict something, you don't! Plus it's interesting that the killers actions aren't murder, he puts his victim in a situation where if they want to live, they must make sacrifices to stay alive.
 It was pretty good.  I would consider it more of a gory thriller, rather than horror.  Nevertheless, an entertaining movie, definitely worth the watch.  But, as with most u.s./canada releases, this was not the 'real' movie you want to watch.  Unfortunately, the original had to be edited so it could go down from nc-17 to R rating...yes, it was originally that gory.  None of us in the u.s. got to see the original uncut version, and even worse, its not even available on dvd....stateside!!  Luckily, our mates in the uk DID get to see the uncut version in their theatres, and its also available on dvd (region 2, PAL).  This is the one that you guys wanna see, this was the one that was meant to be released originally
 Word of warning to start things off
 Overall Saw was a decent movie I just wish that the lead role would have been given to someone else, Carl just couldn't get that emotion across for some reason and it took something away from the movie.  The story and irony of of this film were great, it also had some pretty good gore along with some genuinly scary scenes,but,  HOLLYWOOD-KEEP CARL EWLES OUT OF HORROR/THRILLER FILMS!!!!!!
 Director James Wan and writer (and star) Leigh Whannel met each other at Australia, where they developed their friendship.  They established friendship there, and made this film, which has been picked up the marverick indie company Lions Gate Films for Holloween release.  Now, the premise is intriguing.  Two guys are chained (literally) to the walls of a filthy disused restroom, both apart from each other, and in between them lies an apparently dead body soaked in blood.  They cannot untie the chain, and the room is perfectly sealed.  It's the beginning of the game, set by the serial killer called 'Jigsaw.!  And two guys, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and Adam (Wannel himself) try to figure out how to get out of this place.  Obviouly the third person has hidden the clues there as to the escape, or the reasons for their predicament.  And they will see that if they fail to do something by the time appointed, they must stay there for the rest of their lives.  Intersting, isn't it?  The film often gives very intense moments (which include gore and violence) but the sad thing is that the script cannot hold the initial tension for long.  If you imagine the film like 'Cube' (in which the camera does not leave the cubic areas), you are mistaken, for the camera goes out of it, to show us other characters like Danny Glover's cop who chases the murderer, or Monica Potter as poor doctor's wife.  And that's the problem, for in spite of the occasional intense moments, the film fails to use its premise to the full.  It unwisely includes the incredible coincidences and unexplained (or inconvincing) motive of the character(s), especially that of the killer.  Frankly, I don't believe it.  Compared with this, the killer of 'Se7en' is more plausible.  Plus the opinions will divide about the ending, which is full of impact, I admit, but after a while you might start to think, 'Can this person really do that?' or 'Is this person (I mean, the killer) capable of doing that, chaining the two perfectly heathy guys?'  Sorry, but I don't believe that either.  Anyway, as a thriller, it is done with a certain flair for visuals, and the filmmakers' guts to tuckle the morbid material should not be dismissed.  But if you ask me whether or not 'Saw' deserves the extensive national release it will receive, I say, No.  It is good, just good.
 if gorey is what your looking for then this is it.  if plot is what your looking for then it seems like this movie is a lot like the plot of another by the name of "SEVEN  its not like a clone of SEVEN but in ways its the same.  i also hated the ending if you have one bullet you shoot the pad lock... duh
 The best thing about Saw is its premise. But if you're looking for Saw to be something beyond simply a creepy idea, you'll probably be disappointed.  The performances turned in by both lead actors are downright bad. Leigh Wannell, who co-wrote the script, should probably stick to writing as he fails to bring any real life to his character. Cary Elwes, who's been enjoyable when cast in lighter fare just can't pull off the level of emotion needed. His cries of "Allie? Allie!? should be gut wrenching. Well, they are, but for all the wrong reasons.  The film's twist ending is...well, interesting. It could have been good had it been written better, but as it is, it adds a huge number of holes to the plot. That said, if you're the kind of person who likes to shut off their brain entirely when watching a movie, you probably won't be troubled.  One positive about the movie is the competent direction of James Wan, who shows that he knows a thing or two about atmospherics. It's largely because of him that the film still engaged me with its creepiness, even when the wretched acting made me want to give up.  Overall
 Saw is a great movie, all the sequels can be skipped. However the video quality on the Blu-ray is pretty disappointing. Very grainy, never once really looked like a high-def video even in bright scenes. But what makes it even worse is that there are no extras whatsoever. No commentary, no deleted scenes, nothing besides some previews. Sad,sad,sad. At least it was cheap.
 I enjoyed the movie and if you did too, I would recommend reading books by Richard Laymon. In specific a book called In the Dark, but really any of his other books have the same kind of perverse twistedness of Saw.
 Good movie doesnt really get boring which is a good thing. But in a sense it is a bite off of "SEVEN and some other movie but i cant remember. I wont go into detail but, its an ok movie. Im a big fan of 70's and 80's horror some 60's a majority of my collection horror atleast is like I said 70' and 80's so alot of this new stuff does not appeal to me much, at all. I did buy it from best buy cause it was only $14.99 whcih is not bad and I will watch it again from time to time on rare occasion, i more or less really brought just because I like to collect DVD's and it is good enough to buy. If you want a movie with a similar plaot and IMO just way better ,Buy the movie "SEVEN which is one of the newer late 90 movies that i actually think is an excellentaction/thriller/horror.
 Saw functions on two levels, as a serial killer thriller and a psychological horror film. It achieves success in both areas, and is actually a good film that is not nearly as graphic as the trailers and the adverts might lead you to believe. While hardly a great movie, it is good for it's genre, and should appeal to it's fans.  The movie opens with two characters, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and nondescript young Joe-everyman Adam (Leigh Whannell), waking up in some dingy forgotten bathroom, chained to the walls with a dead body lying between them. We soon learn, well ahead of the main protagonists, that they are the victims of a serial killer known as "Jigsaw", known for his unusual MO of having his victims kill themselves somehow. To elaborate on that would be giving too much away. Both men discover that they are in danger, and they must work together to find their way out, otherwise Dr. Gordon's wife and daughter will die, and they will rot in their "prison". Added to the mix is the disgruntled cop (Danny Glover) who has personal reasons for finding the serial killer, who basically adds filler to the story that would otherwise be too short for a feature length movie. While Saw borrows from more prominent serial killer movies, especially Seven, it does have some unique twists and clever fright scenes. Where this movie really succeeds is in the visual atmosphere. The dank bathroom and the spooky interior settings make this movie very unsettling, while the more visceral horror works on a more psychological level.  Saw works on the whole, but it is not without flaws. For starters, a good plot doesn't necessarily mean a good script. The dialogue, written by star Leigh Whannell, it totally banal and stilted, and it makes the screenplay seem very much like the work of an amateur. Next, the acting is less than first rate. Whannell is not bad, but Elwes is definitely out of his element in this movie. While he is not known as great actor, he has done much better than this before. However, my biggest problem is with the Danny Glover character, the clich&eacute;d "bitter cop out for revenge subplot that has been done to death, and it adds nothing of value to this movie.  Despite it's shortcomings, Saw is an effective and compelling thriller that should satisfy most of it's audience. The premise of the story, coupled with the notable plot twists, save this movie from being just another serial killer rehash, and I would recommend it based on that alone.
 This film is certainly worth watching once, but it can be such a stomach churner that only the gnarliest gore hound might want to put this one in the must buy column.  A tightly spun story unfolds nicely through flashbacks and present tense with some solid acting in particular by Cary Elwes.  The ending for some might fall a little flat seeming a little forced, but the first 1 hr and 24 minutes is really good stuff, very twisted and original.  Thumbs up I just wonder if a little more production time might have improved the rushed tagged on twist ending that falls apart a little bit with some afterthought.  Still the best "new horror flick I have seen in awhile.
 As I'm going to have nightmares for the rest of my life.  Definitely the most traumatizing and sickest movie I have ever seen in my entire life.  Whomever the writer is, however, is a genius because he definitely gave us a lesson in a sick and twisted way.
 This movie was not that good.  It was ok...the premise was interesting, but the ending and the development left me wanting.  I for one didn't think Cary Elwes was that bad...I don't really look for horror movies to really have good "acting.  Danny Glover must have hit rock bottom or something by taking part in this project.  Anyway, I would wait until this movie is at Hollywood Video or something.
 Short and sweet. I knew what was going on before I got to the end but did not tell the person I was with so it does not count.    See if you can figure it out....so, from that point...yea....check it out but as for artistic capability, life enriching material or in thing other than blood guts and the endless insanity of Psychotic Killers either not on their medication or tired of prescribing it.......okay....give it a try.    I left feeling empty and dissapointed at the totality of all this suspense flop has to offer.    Although I will give it a thumbs up on blood and gore.
 Watching Saw, there's a feeling that this film could've been great but it never quite gets there and I can't seem to figure it out. Sure the acting is a little rough but it's a horror movie, not an Oscar contender. The film loses steam halfway through only to pick up at the end so it's not a thrill ride from beginning to end. It's got incredibly fast editing with a jerky image at times so it's obviously trying to make things more exciting than it needs too. But in the end it's a pretty satisfying film if you let it.  The film opens with an odd idea
 I prefer scary movies that are heavy on the suspense, light on the bloodshed, which is why I gave this movie 3 stars. This movie was very, very bloody. There were a couple of twists, to be sure, but I would say that the extreme grisliness outweighed the suspense.  "Saw made me think of a very long music video, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I did think that it borrowed a lot from "Seven", which starred Brad Pitt.
 This movie centers on the idea that most people take their lives for granted and don't care how they treat others or even themselves. But a new serial killer on the loose is trying to change their minds. The killer puts people in situations that require a major moral dilemma in order for them to live. Sadly, the actors in this movie don't seem to be able to portray any of their emotions on a convincing level and that takes away from the movie. It is still worth renting though and perhaps even seeing 'Saw II' which is coming soon to the movie theaters.
 Wow, I am surprised I could sleep well the night after I saw Saw... lol... I love the gore and the puzzle ideas. I sometimes sit alone and think of other puzzles that would be interesting to think about. I think that the ending was well thought out and wonderful. Twisted Pictures is so da bomb.
 Perhaps, Saw isn't a movie that I will add to my movie library any time soon.  Be that as it may, it no doubt asserts itself as a rather memorable movie nonetheless.  From the beginning, you are thrust into a sick milieu that will, if anything, grab your attention and not let go until the clever ending.  While not great by any stretch, Saw is most definitely worth a look for those who enjoy Seven and the like.
 I had a female friend who thought about seeing this movie at a theater near the beach.  The question was should she see Saw by the seashore?  Actually, beyond some puns, I'm not positive of the merit of this movie.  It is clever, probably too clever for its own good.  The story focuses on a serial killer who puts his victims in elaborate traps which over a minimal chance of escape.  Two men wake up to find themselves chained in a dingy bathroom in an abandoned building.  The only means of freedom are some rusty hacksaws which are just sharp enough to cut off a bound foot.  Through flashback, we are introduced to an obsessed detective who is pursuing this killer.  While bright enough to pick up tiny clues, he is also inept enough to wander into this genius killer's lair without a real plan or backup (beyond a single partner).  This allows the killer to get away and engineer his next trap.  Fortunately, there are not very many of these "dumb moments, and in reality, the biggest problem with the movie is its convoluted nature.  For most of the movie, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it or not, and knew it would come down to the inevitable final twist, which was neither good nor bad enough to generate any real reaction.  One mark of a good movie is when you forget you're watching a movie
 I was beyond interested in this film and got it right when it entered the video rental store. The entire film appeared to be so eeriee and I needed to know what was going on.  I must say this film was a heart- stopping thriller. They cut to the chase right at the beginning of the film with the main character Adam waking up in an old bathroom chained to a pipe and across the room from him is a doctor whom says he just woke up himself and he is chained to a pipe as well. In the middle of the floor between them is a corpse that shot himself. Which tells you whoever put them down there means lethal business. A series of clues they find in that one bathroom leads them to find out much about what is going to happen to them and it doesn't look good on either side. I won't give anything away because the movie is just full of surprises and the viewer should be as shocked as I was in every one of them.  Why this film is only given a three? Well in some parts of the film they really try to scare you by making some scenes go really quick and I found that a little tacky. At the end once more they gave you a cliff- hanger and like I mentioned probably in many films I don't really like that but the ending is really good and may I add nauseating because the doctor does something very horrific and I don't even want to think on it. You can see it for yourself. Just don't be eating dinner while watching it.  The gist of this film? You'll never guess the ending. You can sit here now and think on it as hard as I did throughout the movie but you'll never figure out the ending. It is beyond twisted and you'll just be sitting there at the end in deep shock. Obviously the ending proves there will be a sequel so do not worry- the shock will only grip us till the second comes out.
 So what is wrong with this movie? A gratuitous, if often successfully creepy exercise in sadomasochistic filmmaking, Saw features some of the worst acting I have ever seen in a mainstream film with an experienced cast. That is the film's undoing. Making something that could've been geniuinely creepy absolutely laughable! How far would you go to save your own life? Prepare yourself for a gut-wrenching trip into the heart of terror with SAW, Lions Gate Films' gripping horror film starring Cary Elwes, Danny Glover, Monica Potter and Leigh Whannell. Obsessed with teaching his victims the value of life, a deranged, sadistic serial killer is abducting morally wayward people and forcing them to play macabre games for their own survival. Faced with impossible choices, each victim must struggle to win back his/her life, or else die trying...A young man named Adam wakes to find himself chained to a rusty pipe inside a decrepit subterranean chamber. Chained to the opposite side of the room is another bewildered captive, Dr. Lawrence Gordon Between them is a dead man lying in a pool of blood, holding a .38 in his hand. Neither man knows why he has been abducted, but instructions left on a microcassette order Dr. Gordon to kill Adam within eight hours. If he fails to do so, then both men will die; Dr. Gordon's wife, Alison and his daughter will also be killed. Recalling a recent murder investigation by a police detective named Tapp Dr. Gordon realizes he and Adam are the next victims of a psychopathic genius known only as "Jigsaw. With only a few hours left to spare, they must unravel the elaborate puzzle of their fate in the midst of mounting terror. The killer has provided them with only a few clues and two handsaws - too weak to break their steel shackles, but strong enough to cut through flesh and bone...Director James Wan expertly spins this intricate tale, creating a chilling landscape of dread where nothing is quite as it seems. An edge-of-your-seat ride bristling with emotional intensity, SAW will keep you guessing until the very end. However an experienced horror veteran like myself found it a bit unoriginal, but it had the right idea, just not execiution.
 "Saw is a really creepy film that starts off creepy and ends creepy. The acting is good, until the doctor starts yelling out his wifes name too loud, then it gets hilarious. I cannot even remember the characters names, that is how unforgetable the characters were. The storyline, however, was the best part of the film. A murderer makes people go through obstacles that will end up the person in the predicament killing themselves just to survive. The film, though, was gross. An overweight man having to climb through a maz of barb wire. Then the detective later says, "It cut him so deep that we found traces of stomach acid on the floor. Nasty. The only character that I cared about was the doctor's wife and little girl because they did not deserve for that to happen to them. The doctor and the photographer who took pictures of the doctor were not the best characters, and the actor's who portrayed them did not do a good job. My favorite character, however, was the girl who had to cut the key out of a supposedly dead guys stomach to unlock the headset that was attached to her jaw. If she did not accomplish this, the headset was going to snap and break off her jaw, causing her death. The guy, though was not dead, and she had to murder him. It was extremely disgusting, though, when it showed her pulling out his intestines. At the end, though, the doctor has to cut off his foot to get away, and it even shows him start to cut. The murderer, though I will not give it away, was witty. I would have never guessed that it would be that person. The film, overall is getting three stars from me because the storyline was excellent, but I did not care if the main characters were to die or not. They were not that likable anyway.
 It's become very clear that hollywood has ran into a monster  creative wall. This movie is just trying to take advange of  another little "horror era that probably started with The  Ring a few years ago. This is a rather predictable movie as  even my moronic brother in law seen who the "killer was just  shortly after he appeared in the film.  The main focus on the movie is two guys with one being a  doctor and the other guy gets paid to snoop and take  pictures of other peoples business. The movie for the most  part goes for shock value. Not that I mind, but it's just  that the movie isn't as deep/dark and scary as it wants to  be. There are a few original ideas like "the head vice but  for the most part the movie just takes bits and pieces from  other movies of the genre and puts them together.  I'd have to say the acting is the worst. Cary Elwes is just  an aweful actor in this film. How could the director  allow  such pathetic work? Did Cary just come THAT cheap? Even  Danny Glover was bad in this one! It is sad because even  though it steals from other movies it could have been alot  better. The acting and bits in pieces seem abit to rushed.  And we can't forget the car scene. What's up with that?  As somebody said, why not just have a few cut scenes? It's  much easier and less annoying.  However, even with the bad acting and unoriginal ideas  even a poor mans Se7en is better than alot of movies in  this genre nowdays. You would probably be better off to  wait until this comes in HBO though. It simply isn't  worth the money. It will will help out a spoof movie in  the future though.
 This is another instance where hype leads to disappointment. Saw was a big "word-of-mouth film when it came out in theaters. It was supposedly "different". Not typical horror, more of a mix of twisted psychological horror, suspense, and whodunit. It wasn't a gore fest by any means (although it's pretty darn gruesome at times). And some people loathe it for that because they expected copious amounts of blood and gore, and Saw didn't really deliver that.  Its story and devices smack of "The Abominable Doctor Phibes", or the serial killer movie "Se7en ... even a scenario from "Suspiria is borrowed. "Saw plays with several genres including the detective story. It comes off at first viewing as engaging but truly it's not a fun movie by any means. Some horror movies are fun because they are truly scary and entertaining. Saw is not entertaining enough or truly scary; it's fairly suspenseful and feels tantalizing in its puzzles, but it needs more than that to succeed. But to be fair, when you consider that this was a low budget indy movie, its tremendous success is really impressive.  I'm not going to describe the premise or plot too much. Too many reviews for Saw start by saying "These two guys wake up chained to a pipe in a disgusting bathroom... and they begin to delve into a nutshell synopsis. You'll find out what it's about when you watch it.  Saw doesn't really quite know what it is, or what it wants to be. Is it a horror movie? Some say yes, others deny it vehemently. Yes, it's stylish enough (but sometimes the silly sped-up cinematography gets too obvious, like the film is trying hard to be cool), and the twisted scenarios that the psycho has dreamed up are pretty disturbing. But there seems to be not really enough meat here. When it's finished we are left feeling a bit empty... like what we just experienced was just an exercise in sadism, and not much more. And the entire story falls apart when carefully scrutinized. It's a bit disappointing when you see so much potential at the start, and then witness the movie fizzling/struggling until its surprise ending.  Bottom line
 I am not a fan of the slash and gore genre, but through some persuasion, my daughter got me to agree to watch Saw. Talk about quality time. It is a story of psychological and physical torture and is done reasonably well. It crosses back and forth between cheesy B movie and A material. The story of a pair trapped in disgusting and strange circumstances with the promise of release if one murders the other, it unfolds with a beautiful plot twist at the end. If you accept the premise it has gratuitous violence you can see past that to a well-crafted tale.  Cary Elwes has a bit of a time suppressing his English accent, and his acting is somewhat corny. But it adds to the effect that the movie is low budget and to the expectation of creepy and unexpected things. Danny Glover puts in a good performance as the crazed and monomanical cop.  I give three stars, meaning above average, because it has entertainment value and some elements of cinematic art.
 The challenge of making a convincing film is greatest for horror than for any other genre. It is no small task trying to legitimately engage and frighten audiences jaded by decades of mostly predictable and silly horror flicks. That "Saw comes so close to succeeding on these fronts speaks volumes for its unexpected quality. Surely this film suffers from the usual horror movie flaws
 SAW is a good thriller
 I went to see this in the theaters the opening weekend on Haloween this past fall. I'd have to say that this movie is false advertising. Haloween movies have always been cheesy and bloody and thats how I like them. I was expecting this kind of urban horror movie with all sorts of nasty violence/blood and a decent plot. Dont get me wrong- I'm not a sick f***, but sometimes thats the kind of movie i wanna see. This was a serious dissapointment. "Saw tried to pack way too much plot into 100 mins running time, confusing the hell out of me. The ending was absolutely awesome, it makes the experience not so empty and wasted.  If your looking for a gorefest, this aint it. Sure, it got an R in US 18A in Canada, but there's other horror movies at your local store that surpass this easily.If your looking for a movie to make you think, this aint it either. Confusing the viewer doesnt lead to thinking IMO.All in all, not what it tried to be or could have been. I honestly cant recommend this.
 The nature of human motivation has usually two different sources that elicit a certain behavior.  These sources are either extrinsic or intrinsic.  Intrinsic motivation stems from within a person while the extrinsic source is influence generated by someone or something else.  Whether the source is external or internal it also presents a further division in needs and desires.  Needs being what a person requires to survive, and desires illustrates what a person wants.  Saw presents situations where human motivation is put to the test in regards to survival and the desire to live.  However, the situation that Saw presents comes at a dreadful price, which will undoubtedly terrorize the audience's own consciousness and perception of human needs and desires.  The opening of Saw introduces two characters chained to heavy pipes in an abandoned bathroom at some unknown location where no one can hear them scream.  The room has intense lighting once the lights are turned on, which tosses no shadows of either character. In essence, it is a visual analogy for how their persona will be scrutinized by both parties, as the light will reveal everything.  Quickly one of the men, Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes), questions why they are there because if someone desired them dead it could have been accomplished long ago.  When the light is turned on for the first time, Adam (Leigh Whannell), discovered that he is not alone in the room, as between him and Dr. Gordon there is a corpse with a gun in it's hand and a tape recorder in the other.  It seems as if the corpse has blown away part of his own cranium with the gun in his hand.  Under the intense light the two chained men begin to search for ways of escaping, while they begin to discover small clues of what is expected out of them.  It seems as if Adam is expected to kill himself, which he finds out through a tape that he finds in his own pocket.  Dr. Gordon discovers a similar tape and a bullet in his pocket that expresses anticipation in regards to Dr. Gordon who is expected to murder his new roommate.  The two men have a little more than six hours to find a solution to their deadly predicament.  During these six hours the audience is drawn into a number of flashbacks that provide information of how they were chosen to participate in this sick game.  It is also revealed that Dr. Gordon is aware of who the person is that has chained them in the unfamiliar room.  Through Dr. Gordon it is disclosed that a serial killer that goes by the nickname Jigsaw has taken them hostage and chained them.  The killer himself has never actually killed someone, however, he has planned some truly grotesque schemes that have led to a tormenting death that has delivered pain of inconceivable magnitude.  The great extent to which the Jigsaw killer has planned his bizarre schemes will display a man with enormous amount motivation to seek some form of enlightenment in an outmost horrific manner.  Saw dwells in the twilight land as it offers the audience a haunting journey that plunges deep into the darkness of the human psyche where nothing is sacred, as human motivation to live is skewed by an external source.  A mind to generate such horrors illustrates deep insights into psychology and human behavior, but it also displays the eccentricity of a creative mind.  James Wan and Leigh Whannell who created the story together offer a horror tale that evokes nightmares and difficult sleeping patterns in retrospect of the cinematic experience.  The film had a good beginning theme, however, after about an hour and ten minutes the film seemed to begin slowly spiral downwards.  Nonetheless, Saw offers a truly ghastly film experience, which is built on good script and good mise-en-scene that helps enhance the terror in the story.  The camera work elevates the film, as it brings moments to the audience that will awaken feelings of revulsion and dismay.  In the end, do not expect a good night sleep, as Saw will haunt the mind for sometime after the end credits have been burnt into the retina of the audience.
 great suprise ending, but lacks scares and is sort of boring like in my opinion
 Okay, within the first five minutes of Saw you meet the two main characters who, by the way, are chained in a filthy bathroom.  They soon find that they are part of a sick game of survival hosted by a madman. The object of this game is for one of the men(Elwes) to kill his cellmate(his name escapes me at the moment).  But how, you ask.  Well by a cigarette poisoned with tainted blood.  Creative, huh?  The result of this movie is sickening to the viewer and the audience in my theater showed it quite well.  This movie is sure to disgust you with its terrible ending. Oh and the other actor's(not Elwes) acting in the movie is mediocre at best.  His crying scene made many of us in the audience laugh.  Save your money, because the killer escapes anyway.  The movie was obviously short of time within the first draft of the script, because the writers played out even the tiniest storylines.  I'm sorry to all the Saw fans out there, I just don't enjoy movies like this.  Sighs  R
 Okay, I had about three girls from my school say "Oh my God, this movie is scarier than the Ring! I'm terrified of The Ring for some unknown reason (as well as The Grudge but that's another story) so it completely turned me off against seeing it. Then last night, I stayed the night with my friend and she owned it and said "Let's watch it. (Saw, duh). I was a bit antsy but whatever, so I went downstairs with her and we watched it, but before we did she was like "This movie is sooo scary. I mean, more than The Grudge, more than The Ring, more than the Sixth Sense. that right there made me feel MUCH better (note the sarcasm) but as I watched it I was like 'Geez, this isn't even a horror flick, it's a flippin mystery!'. My friend screamed throughout the whole movie and I just stared at it like "Wow. I wonder what's gonna happen next.".  Personally, if you're a big horror buff, you might not like this movie all too much. But if you're interesed in shows like CSI, Third Watch, and mystery movies, go ahead and be my guest.
 Saw is a very disturbing movie. I watched it about 10 minuts ago and I am still shaking. It is about two men trapped together in a room, and the only way to stay alive is to kill the other man. There is a complex story line.  This movie is confusing at sometimes but overall it is an okay movie. I personaly would never want to watch it again because it is so weird.  Saw is very unique. I have never seen a movie like this anywere before.  I dont think you should buy this dvd because I dont think you would watch this movie again.It is one of those movies you would be bored watching twice. I would suggest renting it though because it is worth seeing once.  Thanks for reading my review, I Hope it was helpful.
 When i got saw, i thought "Finally, a gore fest in a movie!",  but there isn't a lot of blood in it. That was a dissapoinment.  The story is completley dumb. I thought that the puppet was the killer. But it's some retarted fat bald guy. If you want a gore fest, this will dissapoint. First when you see it, you will want to close your eyes beacuse you dont want to see brutal, gory murders, dont, nothing will happen, it will censor it by going to another scene. Thats just stupid. Rent it.
 The first time I watched SAW I loved it. All I had seen before were trailers on television for all the sequels which just looked like a bunch of people stuck in not very well thought out traps that were just there to cause as much bloodshed as possible. So, I loved the whole concept of SAW and its portrayal of people as the selfish egocentric people we are. We will do whatever it takes to survive sometimes causing others pain and even death(just think of all the looting and gangs with guns that populated New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina).  That being said, when I watched SAW for the second time I found about half of the acting to be really pretty bad. Anytime Lawrence(Cary Elwes) was trying to act sad and almost crying I found it very unbelievable. Also a lot of Adam's(Leigh Whannell lines came off a little awkwardly but that is just my opinion.  All in all I enjoyed SAW, especially its concept, but some parts were dragged down by the poor acting.
 "Saw is by far the best of the 3 "Saw movies. It has suspense, was very unpredictable, and had creative murder sequences. They should have stopped with this one though because Saw II and Saw III are horrible.
 When you see it you will know what I am  talking about, the goriest part was just absolutely pointless.  So other than than it was a mildly entertaining movie.  One of the main problems I had with this movie is not setting up danny glover's character, this was just stupid in my opinion.  Also the guy running the game was also kind of stupid when you learn all that is going on.  i think the movie would be better if they left some things untold and better involvement for the smaller characters would have helped.  Overall gore when they didn't need it, a lot of wholes, and the fact that I never got that tension feeling I was looking for from the 2 main character.  Other than that, it was pretty entertaining, rent it don't buy it.
 "Saw is movie about a serial "killer", who doesnt actually kill his victims himself, he finds ways for his victims to kill themselves. Which is actually a pretty interesting idea, and this movie had tons of potential. But its bogged down by marginal acting and holes in the plot. I really cant elaborate on the holes in the plot because it would give away the ending, but in the end you really dont get any resolution or closure. This is a decent movie to just sit around and watch with your friends, but dont expect anything oscar worthy.
 The DVD disc of SAW has a round saw on the label.   Kidnapped and instantly a victim, similar to <a href="http
 The reason why I gave it three stars rather than two is because the plot is actually quite interesting and unique. With a plot this good you would have thought better actors, and better writers would have endeavored in this project. Also I think the film would have been better if their were more shot locations rather than one room. The flashbacks didn't really do much for the film other than tell a brief biography of each main character. It's weird, i don't know which one was the main character really, presumably the doctor was.  With the exception of Danny Glover, who had a lousy part anyways, the acting was very poor indeed, really amateur and contrived as hell. But again to my surprise the bad acting, for some weird reason , makes the movie more believable. It was as if these characters totally improvised their mannerisms and speech, etc. I kinda liked it in the sense that it had a certain freedom to it, and even the bad acting wasn't that annoying. Ok, to be honest this was an amateurish film but it had its moments i thought. You should watch this once but I wouldn't watch it again, it's not one of those movies where u can do that and still enjoy it.
 Grand Guignol!  This low budget horror flick falls into that category - stories that are meant to horrify audiences.  And it succeeds, on many levels.  Written by Director James Wan and actor (in this film) Leigh Whannell, SAW drags us into the darkened sewer where Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) are chained to opposite sides of a filthy room, the centerpiece of which is a corpse recently dead by gunshot suicide.  Yet on this corpse is a tape recorder and after some otherworldly instructions, each man finds a tape on his person that gives instructions on how to take up the next hour and a half of grisly fantasy.  It seems there are loonies out there whose sick minds seek retribution for being ignored or abused by the characters trapped in the sewer lounge.  Included in this m&eacute;lange are Dr. Gordon's wife (Monica Potter) and his daughter, medical and patient personnel from Gordon's oncology practice, and two detectives (Danny Glover and Ken Leung) exploring a serial killer bent on have victims kill themselves in bizarrely medieval methods.  It now seems the good doctor and Adam are the latest players in the sicko's trail and how all this works out is a cat and mouse chase and pulse-pounding (?thudding) run to the finish.  No, giving away the ending would weaken the effect of the story, so leave that alone.  Just be ready to accept the fact that much is left unresolved, making it VERY obvious that we re in for SAW 2 sometime this year.  If you love SEVEN, SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, HANNIBAL, and other grisly shows, you'll love this little movie.  Despite its numerous flaws it does succeed in keeping you puzzled enough to overlook the bad acting.  And that is all you can ask from this genre!  Grady Harp, February 2005
 This movie should have been better.  There are some good ideas here but, as a whole, the movie doesn't quite hold together.  It never feels quite sure of itself.  Saw is creepy now and then, when it's not beating you over the head with its creepiness.  It makes the movie Seven (a much better movie) seem downright wholesome, taking grimey ambiance to new lows.  Where this film really fails is in communicating any sense of real urgency or in creating any sustained tension.  These failings are noticable immediately when we see how quickly our two "protagonists adapt to their grim circumstance.  The climax falls completely flat with events unfolding in such a way as to diminish the tension rather than build it.  All things considered, this thriller is better than most coming out these days.  It is inventive and is generally entertaining.  There are even some genuininely scary moments.  Give this one a rent.
 I've managed to miss this one over the last four years. Doesn't deserve four stars in my view. For a film that was obviously made on a reletively low budget it mostly works well though.  The story reminded me of the sort of thing Clive Barker might have written in his Books of Blood (a series of short stories). OK there are a few inconsistencies in the plot but I thought it was pretty well acted and the twist at the end is well done. There are some genuinely creepy, not to mention grisly, moments scattered throughout the film.  However do not be mislead by the hype and the advertising blurb. This isn't a touch on 'Seven', which is better written, acted and in a totally different class. I have watched 'Seven' many many times, but having just finished watching 'Saw' I really have no desire to see it again.
 "Saw wants to be "Se7en with more blood and gore.  It doesn't succeed on any level, but is a decent horror/thriller.  The plot is intriguing and disturbing, as two men are locked in a dirty, closed room where the only escape is by killing the other.  The Jigsaw Killer is never as scary as he should be and the quickly explained twist is a little disappointing, but looking past plot holes and the rip-offs, "Saw delivers some good scenes of scares and holds up as a decent horror flick, despite Cary Elwe's god-awful acting.
 I'm just curious as to why people keep referring to this movie as  disturbing  and  dark ..it really wasn't.It wasn't graphic or gory or anything..I watched this movie last nite with the expectations that it was going to be incredibly weird and freaky and thought provoking..well it really wasn't-it pretty much just had a basic murder mystery plot..I'm not saying it was a bad movie,it wasn't really and I liked the way music played a big role in the film,I just honestly don't understand what the big deal surrounding this movie is.
 This is a great movie, but with the new 5.1 surround mix on the new edition coming out soon, it would be a waste to get it.
 I watched this movie tonight and was a little disappointed by the story. I read all of the reviews, looked at the plot line and thought it would be a good movie to watch. I was a little bored through the movie because it traveled kinda slow and was a little disjointed. At times, it was very boring to me. Maybe in it's time when it was made, it probably was a milestone in movie making. It is now outdated with it's story line and "director's tricks which made the movie very confusing. It you want to see a movie along this line that also has a "mystery to it, see "StrangeLand".
 David Lynch's  Blue Velvet  is almost impossible to describe because the actors are so great portraying their roles that reviewing this film might create an anti-climax. But we immediately recognize David Lynch's touch, his obsession for the bizarre and the cruel. The film has a pulp simplicity, but it's self-conscious in its satire. Isabella Rossellini portrays a woman whose husband and son have been kidnapped by Dennis Hopper, and Kyle McLaghlan and Laura Dern are the heroes who try to discover what's behind the small town facade. They whisper corny lines to each other and their characters are purely mechanical, but perhaps it's just an homage to classicism.  Fortunately, there are times when the actors let themselves go and almost pull out from the unidimensional behavior that suffocates all their gestures and words. Dennis Hopper gives a very strong performance as an obsessed and dangerous man, with an homicidal tendency and a sexual crisis but Isabella Rossellini steals all the scenes she's in as we regognize her true suffering and anguish.
 Blue Velvet  This is a beautiful movie, set up like a stone in a setting by director David Lynch's trademark eccentric lighting. The photography and the sets are gorgeous; the mix of symbols and refernces and visual styles was daring in its time and the whole experience of seeing it is as much the unrolling of a scroll as it is of watching a movie.  The story looks like a William S. Burroughs adaptation of a Hardy Boys mystery. A coupla teenagers stumble on a mystery and, gee whiz, they deced to solve it. Instead of buried treasure, it involves electronically amflified sadists crazed by brain-implanted drugs and wearing leather, velvet, lace and rubber fetish suits. There's an occasional mutilated corpse thrown in.  At its release in 1987, Blue Velvet and its creator were unexpected surpises from a Hollywood where the scripts seem to be generated by a computer that watches a lot of television. Today, the movie seems a bit full of itself, (recurring shots of a symbolic flame), and the plot seems less satisfying. The world of horrors that's revealed in the first part of the film is resolved rather stupidly at the end.  Isalbella Rossellini made her career with a lush performance in this movie and Dennis Hopper remade his. The rest of the cast seems weirdly restrained
 This movie was very interesting to watch and it had some really good scenes, but it did not flow the way I like a movie to flow. The movie just seemed to have a bunch of really different and unusual scenes put together and called a movie.  The performances the actors did were wonderful and Dennis Hopper did a fantastic job in his role.  David Lynch is a master when it comes to creating weid scenes and interesting charcters.  But when he put everything together the movie did not flow the way a movie should from scene to scene.  I would say you should see this movie just because of the acting.  If you like it buy, most people would not think this is a buy. B
 those familiar with david lynch will be hardly persuaded by the the ironic beauty and tragedy presented here. Isabella Rossileni (I thought I had a cool name) sure does look great in cotton shorts and tiled with hickeys. Dream. When school boy "Jeffrey finds severed human ear in lot, he takes it police. He is not a suspect (sure!). "Jeffrey meets high school girl - her dad is the detective on the case - and they become fast lovers. Flinging into the mystery with an undignified zeal, "Jeffrey Beaumont", breaks into this [girl's] crib and hides in the closet. Peeping out the slides, he witnesses brutality and humiliation. He des nothing. She discovers im and gives him a lesson in sexual tortue. He acts like he doesn't care. All jaded, etc. Chase to the end>>>>> When someone gets shot in the head, usually they fall down. Right? Not in this movie they don't. They stand there for a bit and gurggle blood. There is no resolve. One cannot figure out who is the good guy, who is the bad guy. chason pour les petites enfants!
 I first heard about this movie from Entertainment Weekly's special  The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time  book, which listed Blue Velvet as number 37 (putting it above masterpieces like Schindler's List, Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, North By Northwest, and many others).  So I got it and watched it a couple of times, and now I'm at a loss to say what I think about it.  I'll start by saying that EW is very, very wrong about Blue Velvet being the 37th best movie ever made; that's just ridiculous.  Certainly the film has moments of greatness, especially when Dennis Hopper shows up, but there are too many stretches that just aren't entertaining or interesting at all.  It starts out extremely well, with a few tongue-in-cheek shots of ludicrous suburban happiness giving way to insects eating each other just beneath the surface of the perfectly tended grass; this easily could have been the beginning of a brilliant dark comedy about the dishonesty and pretension of middle-class America.  But then it stops being funny and starts just being weird nonsense that perhaps has meaning for David Lynch but can never be fully understood by anyone else.  The film doesn't know if it wants to be a satire or a serious drama or just a collection of impressionistic images like Lynch's Eraserhead, so it just ends up being boring.  I was dozing pretty much all through the scene late in the film where MachLachlan and Dern dance and kiss.  And as beautiful as the cinematography and directing are (it's worth seeing at least once), I really don't see why so many critics and fans love Blue Velvet so much.  It's just an okay movie that had a lot of potential but couldn't make up its mind about what it wanted to say.  I wanted it to be more than that, but that's really all it is.
 The opening to the film is definitely a great hook.  Taking shots of a comically clich&eacute; suburban area is set perfectly to be destroyed.  After two minutes, you'll be dying to find out how the whole movie ends.  Kyle MacLachlan (who you may notice as Charlotte&#65533;s ex-husband from "Sex and the City") opens the film in the usual way that Lynch does so well; slowly. After visiting his father in the hospital, he heads home across a field, and while looking for rocks to throw, finds a severed human ear.  Though he takes it to a police officer, things don't begin to smooth out.  He's shut-off from the case, so his only information comes from the daughter of the officer to whom he entrusted the ear to, played by Laura Dern, who assists him in trying to unlock the mystery.  It's a normal Lynch picture after that, which is to me, a good thing; a sinister mystery, with intriguing characters that seem to know much more than they're saying.   One of the films main weaknesses is that it was made in the 80&#65533;s and BOY can you tell.  Isabella Rossellini&#65533;s poofy, stupid hair is perhaps responsible for making this movie less than it could have been.  The sex scenes are comic, and unrealistic.  I found myself laughing with reckless abandon when Rossellini demands MacLachlan take off his clothes at knife-point.  I&#65533;m not immature; I didn&#65533;t laugh at the same line in &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533;. Also, the last half hour or so is DEEPLY disappointing.  At first, the movie was twisting and turning more dangerously than a poorly constructed carnival ride (in a good way).  Then, we move into the boring finale.  It&#65533;s about as surprising as a Scooby-Doo episode; it&#65533;s exactly who you think it will be, and there&#65533;s really no surprises.  Scooby-Doo at least TRIED to make you think it was someone else.  Here, it&#65533;s like having someone fall asleep on you, just before you both climax.   See &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533; instead.
 Director David Lynch's "Blue Velvet", a definite moiety of the theatre of the absurd, puzzles me as to what relevance it has to any sense of reality.  Lynch gets kudos for his ability to shock the viewer with his bizarre characterizations and plot but to consider this film a masterpiece is a stretch.  Frequent Lynch troupe member Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey Beaumont a straight laced college boy and inhabitant of small town Lumberton.  He's brought home owing to an accident and subsequent hospitalization of his father.  Strolling home after a visit with his dad, in a field nearby his home he discovers a severed human ear lying in the grass.  He brings it to the local police detective Williams but is intrigued by the mystery of it's presence.  He soon meets up with Det. Williams high school hottie daughter Sandy played by Laura Dern.  She tells MacLachlan that her father has suspicions that the ear is somehow connected to a gal that leaves in an apartment near to the field.  In a sophomoric bit of snooping they decide to break into her apartment.  While inside MacLachlan has to hide in the closet as she unexpectedly comes back home.  The gal is a frazzled local night club singer played by Isabella Rossellini.  From his hiding spot he observes the arrival of Dennis Hopper, who is excellent in this movie, playing drug addled sadistic psycho Frank Booth.  Hopper who apparently has kidnapped Rossellini's husband and son, has forced her to be his sex slave.  After slapping her around for awhile and indulging in some depraved sexual byplay, he departs after threatening her.  The shocked MacLachlan feels sympathy for Rossellini.  He gets more deeply involved in a sick, perverted world that exists just below the surface of this sleepy, typical middle American town as he investigates the strange goings on around town.  He gets more than he bargained for as he and Dern experience the crazed world created by the evil Hopper.  As an aside, Dean Stockwell is amusing as a heavily made up pimp of a bordello frequented by his good friend Hopper.  In addition infrequent screen presence Brad Dourif of "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest has a bit part in this weird flick.
 This movie wasn't near as disturbing as I had hoped.  I was actually bored during quite a few scenes.  It would have been better if I hadn't expected so much, from reading all sorts of reviews.  I'm actually watching the end of it right now while I'm writing this review, that's how interested I am. lol  Oh, well.
 This film, in my opinon will entertain you. But to put it up there with some of my other four and five star film's would be wrong. The story line is pretty good, the acting did for the most part, carry the film for as good as it was written. I do think that the director tried to accomplish too much in too many area's. If they had just stuck with the story line and amplified that, it may of done better with the general public as well. But, as I said, it will keep your interest, and you should enjoy it for what it is...   A good movie .. not a great or an awesome movie...
 I just purchased this movie from amazon and just got done watching it and this is definetly no masterpiece like the reviews on hear that i read. It is definetly bizarre and stupid at times like the reviews say but this is nothing great.i found alot of parts of the movie to be boring and dragged on n on.I love films that are controversial and bizarre at times but this movie was just out there, not in a good way either in a boring stupid crazy way. It just wasnt good. I admit the charachters did a great job portraying a bunch of insane people and played thier roles well but i just didnt think the story was that great. I gave it 3 stars cause it had somthing going for it but basically it was boring and that annoying blue velvet song i couldnt wait for the movie to end- oh yea and to the reviewer who said ( people dont get the film or understand it) - i understood it and it was still boring and the story nothing knew or great. I dont know what all the hype behind this movie is about- all it was was a wierd mystery story with insane characters who i felt no sympathy for at all and i didnt enjoy watching them either-they didnt interest me at all only the kyle macglachlan character.my opinion is either skip it or just rent it or see it once then decide.
 I felt it's a movie of some quality, but definitely didn't think it's "one of the best movies.  I also didn't agree this film's main intention was to show us that beneath every normal and happy surface, there always lies a dark side most of us cannot see or even are unwilling to see. Or if this was really the intention of this film, I would say it's not quite successful. First off, I didn't see the town was portrayed as a normal peaceful town in the movie to begin with. We saw an old man hit by some sudden disease (presumably stroke) only a few minutes into the movie. Then not much later we saw Jeffrey (the male lead character) pick up a severed human ear. Well, I really couldn't sense that this town was beautiful or peaceful even at the beginning of the movie. The later part of the story involving Jeffrey investigating into the matter revealed what's supposed to be the dark side of the civilized society. But while Dennis Hopper's performance as the villain was excellent and Rossellini was convincing as the poor victim, in the story the dark side wasn't really that dark.... After all, it's not beyond an ordinary person's imagination. It's quite disturbing all right, but I couldn't really be shocked or unsettled by it. Some scenes of the film were clever, well-crafted and funny, however
 Unfortunately I didn't think this film was as great as most of the other reviewers here at Amazon.  I think the lady that sang Blue Velvet was a very great actress, and some of the scenes with her in them were very moving and great.  And of course Dennis Hopper is always a great actor, and the parts with him in them were convincing as well.  However, I thought that the boy who was the main character, as well as his young girlfriend, were terrible actors.  Some of the lines sounded so awkward to me, as if they were in a high school play or something.  I wish they would have had more actors like the older lady (older in comparison to the young girl the boy was dating), and Dennis Hopper.  That would have made the movie so much better, but as it was with those two main actors, it seemed very corny and awkward in parts.  I did enjoy the original plot and some very moving scenes in this movie, so I do think it is worth watching.  However, I am only giving it three stars because in my opinion, it is weakened by the main actors.  I think this movie is worth watching for the positive points I've mentioned.  Also, many of the reviewers seemed to think this movie was excellent and gave it five stars, so don't take my word for it 
 I adore the way in which Lynch leads you into his own microcosm, each screen is more intriguing than the previous and you become involved with the characters. Blue Velvet is no exception
 The Bottom Line
 A glossy period piece supposedly about Victorian era values and society that achieves its stunning beauty through sumptuous costumes, jungle dances that carry the primal oomph of beasts, and the strict house rules of an 'old money' British house.  The film starts very promisingly with its relaxed but vivid cinematography, but about 30 minutes into the film, very little has happened. The beat picks up a bit at the end when emotions get caught up in crosshairs of a triangular romance, but by then it's probably too late.  So there is precious little to expect from the script department, although anglophiles may find some linguistic cookies to savour. Yet, the direction is so immaculate that the film could be coursework in film schools. The screenplay epitomizes passionate symbolism and draws the viewer with the precision of a bee hive, gradually but surely, as the film progresses. The women are doted on by servants like a queen bee. A bunch of moths overpower our female protagonist in a private moment, much like the flares of her passion. A scene in which two scholars are studying a colony of red ants that invade a colony of black is followed by a fox hunt -- the well-to-do in their red jackets, the servants in black. If you're not expecting any fireworks from a riveting plot, but want to enjoy a fascinatingly put together work of very classy cinema, I highly recommend this visual feast. But it's not for everyone.
 I have to agree with what several other reviewers have said.  This wonderful movie is almost ruined by the shamefully bad digital transfer to DVD.  Obviously, image quality is important to any movie, but this one features stunning period costumes and settings with dazzling color palettes and fine details.  These are all but negated by the shoddy picture quality.  I'm not sure if this is the worst transfer of a studio film I've ever seen, but it's definitely in the running for that ignominious distinction.  For all that, this movie makes it worth gritting your teeth and watching anyway.  It's a unique and disturbing portrait of Victorian disfunction with terrific performances by cast and crew.
 High Life is just good enough to be better than a straight-to-video film, but is far from a hit movie.  It definitely reminds me the Coen Brothers, with it's fusion of comedy and thriller.  I've been a fan of Timothy Olyphant since 1999, when he was cast as drug dealer Todd Gaines in Go, so I was drawn to this film where he plays the lead.  He does a convincing job as Dick, a morphine addict that can't seem to catch a break.  I was also impressed with Stephen McIntyre's performance as Bug, a high-strung addict with all of the restraint of a rattlesnake.  One of the more enjoyable aspects of the film is watching junkie logic in action, as his fellow addicts and heist conspirators view everything from a warped perspective.  Canadian director Gary Yates, whose career had mostly involved shooting for television, does a surprisingly good job.  A perfect example is the self-help group for addicts, where the lighting and camera work makes for a great monologue by suave junkie Billy.  The film has a great score which also sets the mood of the movie, with tracks by Creedence Clearwater Revival, Three Dog Night and April Wine.  It's not a straight comedy, so the laughs are infrequent, but the use of humor is always on the money.  The buildup to the heist is definitely more interesting than what occurs in the latter half of the film, and the conclusion is a little unsatisfying.  It's not a terrific movie as far as crime or drug flicks go, but it's definitely off of the beaten path, and worth a watch.
 I watched this movie twice in the same day. I found it to be very funny, sad and disturbing. The cast is great. The soundtrack is fantastic. I found myself really liking this group of hapless, dirty, warped, lowlife criminal drug addicts as they dreamed and plotted. I found myself laughing, smiling, on the verge of tears, upset, confused and disappointed along with these guys. I WANTED them to succeed at being criminals. It's certainly worth a look. If you don't buy it, do yourself a favor and rent it for the acting and soundtrack alone.
 I live in Albuquerque, and I drove to Denver to catch a screening of this movie.  The trailers and promotions bill it as a Jackie Chan movie, but he really only has a supporting role.  There's one brief fight scene, but otherwise it's heavy drama and lots of guns.  And as I said, Jackie Chan is not the main, or even main supporting, actor in the movie. Several commenters said that it's only natural that there's less action since Jackie is older, and maybe that's true, but that's not my point.  My point is that JC is on the screen less than half the time, but the movie has been promoted as though JC is the star.  The film itself was well-produced, though many of the details were confusing because it's supposed to be a historical piece and I know very little about Chinese history.  It also moves rapidly, making it difficult for a casual watcher to keep track of names, dates, places, etc.  One other item to note is that the film showed in Mandarin, and Jackie Chan did not dub his own voice.  Well Go USA, the distributor, also included Mandarin as the only audio track when it released Shaolin, another recent Jackie Chan movie.  I believe that this blu ray release will feature only Mandarin and not Cantonese.  Well Go USA also edited out nearly a half hour from this version.  Some commenters suggested that the Chinese government is responsible, but I don't really know.  All I can say for sure is that this version is quite a bit shorter than the version I saw in the theater a few months ago.  Among JC's recent releases--Karate Kid, Little Big Solider, Shaolin, Shinjuku Incident--this is my least favorite, mostly because of how little JC it features.  Armour of God 3 should be fun once it arrives later this year/early next year.
 I had been looking for a good book covering Chinese history of the early 20th C, so this film caught my eye in the store. I hadn't heard of it, and can't vouch too much for verisimilitude, although it certainly looks as if a major effort was put into capturing the look and feel of the period, and to document the events (on screen, during the film). It was certainly entertaining, and I appreciated it being offered at 99 minutes, because it is an ARDUOUS FILM to process. The characters speak very fast, and talk a lot, so the subtitles go blazing past. You barely have time to see the words of one line, before another replaces it. Mercifully, the main subtitles are large and white, and easy to see against the many dark backgrounds, but their velocity is not for the headache-prone. In addition, all the characters are identified onscreen with very small Chinese and English printing, and the events transpiring are also given historical documentation (dates and explanatory text) in microprint above the main subtitles. It's like speedreading three books at once, while you are watching a movie. I have a home theater with a 10' screen, and I bought the Blu-ray, and those are the only reasons I could get through the film. Trying to watch this on a TV, even an HD TV, would be infuriating, I think. It was meant to be a theater experience, not a TV show.   I also detest chop-socky films, and this production is free of that for 98 minutes. I guess they couldn't resist putting in one ludicrously incongruent MA clown fight, the gravity and tone of the rest of the film only serving to exaggerate the inappropriateness of doing so. Imagine Kenneth Mars' Nazi character from The Producers in Schindler's List and you get the idea.   All in all, though, it is a handsomely mounted and high-minded look at a corner of history not many of us are likely to know very well. I good biography of Sun Yat-Sen would probably clarify things. My one real complaint with the serious history is that it is easy to lose track of which side you're watching during the battles. The movie moves quickly, and can be confusing. It also doesn't help that the foreigners are mostly poorly acted, cardboard characters, but they don't have much screen time.   I think the ridiculous paean to the Communist Party at the end of the film is probably just a thank you for filming in China, and no big deal. It might even be perceived as a veiled comment that the revolutionary ideals discussed at length in the film have not yet been realized.   Amplified in translation
 I'm a military history buff, not a Jackie Chan fanatic, so, I didn't expect this to be a kick fighting movie - it's not.  This movie has sweeping cinematography and absolutely epic sets and battle scenes, but it's all lost as the story telling is extremely poor and the microscopic white font story boards are absolutely impossible to read.  Even pausing the DVD, you can't read them on a regular television set because the letters are so small that anything but a high-definition television cannot seperate the pixels enough to make them readible - no joke.  The movie jumps around constantly, from the actual revolution to several years before, so if you're not paying VERY close attention, you will get lost quickly.  It also introduces FAR too many characters, most of whom don't live long enough in the movie to have seemingly even warranted an introduction.  Jackie Chan IS in this movie quite a bit, so I don't know what those complaints are about.  Chan does a fantastic job of dramatic acting in this one, not his normal fare, but he does a great job.  The problem is, he has directed and written a movie that's completely scrambled.  I LOVE historically based period movies and this one has all the ingredients to be an epic classic - however, it's so jumbled up that it's almost painful to try and watch.  Also, this IS NOT about anything "communist as some have stated, this was the 1911 revolution to establish a free Chinese Republic - NOT a communist state.  The weapons, uniforms, and battle scenes warranted three stars, but this movie needs to be doctored, spliced together in a different fashion, and have the voice overs changed by someone who knows what they're doing.  It is very poorly written, poorly directed, and very poorly edited - but, the cinematography and scenes are literally nothing short of superb.  Can't really recommend it unless you get it bargain basement, but the battle scenes would be worth it if you could buy this DVD on the cheap.
 Yet, it just does not all come together. I have seen several good Asian movies such as Brotherhood and Assembly. All of them at least have a flow to them. The dialogue is in normal speed & you can easily read all of the subtibles. This movie looks like whoever wrote it was on speed. The movie jumps around so quickly & the people speak & act way too fast. I could read about only 40% of the subtitles.  The scenes are not really tied together, the written commentary is way too small & moves far to fast. The scene should be paused until one can read it.  Frankly, this is the kind of thing that could have been avoided if the director had a close & honest friend watch the movie & suggest changes.  1911 feels like playing an old 33 record lp at 75 rpms. It simply does not work. It truly is a pity as IF more time were taken to develop the first 2/3 of the film, the action & dialogue were slowed down the film was about 20 minutes longer to tie scenes and events together, 1911 could have ended up a good film. Unfortunately, it just doesn't pan out.
 This film was made to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution or Hsinhai Revolution also called The 1911 Revolution. It was part of a series of uprisings against the last Imperial dynasty that of the Qing Dynasty. The starting point is the Wuchang uprising where Jackie Chan playing Huang Xing leads a small group to slaughter, but inspired others to become `martyrs' for the cause.  That is the historical basis for the film and the makers did try to get as much of their version of history across as possible. A lot of the reasons for the revolt were an accumulation of grievances and the out moded feudal system that still persisted by the Manchu minority ruling over the Han majority; this is not really touched upon in the film. What we do have is the work of revolutionary fund raiser Sun Yat Sen played by Winston Chao, and his efforts to thwart more foreign aid going to the Qing's coffers. There is also the internal politics and screaming self interest that goes on at the Imperial court.  All of this is balanced fairly well with lots of fighting that is done in that colour filter way to add realism and on the whole is very good. The problem here is speed and editing. Every time a new character or location appears we have small print sub titles coming up in both Mandarin and English. Not only are they nigh on impossible to read on even a large TV, they also appear for a few seconds whilst at the same time the other subs for the dialogue appear too. Even using the pause button it was still a bit of a chore.  Then we have the foreigners who are all cardboard cut outs and played by some D list drama school drop outs, they even all appear to be dubbed; which is woeful. They are presented as all detestable and rude whilst being smug and selfish, whilst all of the revolutionaries are shining beacons of self sacrifice and service to the nation. We do have some ambiguous characters but they get so little screen time that we do not get much of a chance for any intrigue to build up. Also the other characters, of which there are many, are all only bit players so little chance to get much in the empathy bank too. I feel they tried to cram too much history in and were unsure of the vehicle, so had a kind of action propaganda idea with a love interest shoe horned in between Chan and Bingbing Li.  This also appears to have been edited down from the original film from 118 minutes to 95 or so, and I have no idea why; you do get over 100 minutes of extras though. This was co-directed by Chan and he may have bitten off a bit too much, also it is painfully obvious that allowances were made for the Chinese authorities who see the 1911 revolution as the beginning of modern China, which of course it was not, as that was fought for a republic and not a centrally planned Communist system.  All of that aside this is far from being a turkey, it just could have been a lot better historically and even failing that as a film, it is too busy, too rushed and too ambitious with too many barriers to achieve that ambition. In the end we have a passable film that is part action and part political shenanigans. This has scored particularly badly on Rotten Tomatoes, in the single figures at present, but that could be because in America this was billed as a Jackie Chan movie, and it is not a martial arts fest, he only does that in one scene, and is trying to do serious drama. Whilst that is all well and good, I think next time he might want to let someone else sit in the director's chair.
 The production values in this movie are stellar. There are massive war scenes and other extremely expensive scenes, with a "cast of thousands. What kept this movie from being great was the fact that, every few minutes, there would be script in the middle of the screen explaining who certain people were and what events were happening from a historical perspective. The problem was that the script was MINISCULE - impossible to read without pausing the movie to either walk up to the screen to try to read the words, or click the "Zoom two or three times. Adding to the problem was that the subtitles were still clicking along at bottom of the screen at the same time I was trying to read the script in the middle of the screen. Even if the script was large enough, I still wouldn't have been be able to read the script and subtitles at the same time. After about 30 minutes of doing this, I finally gave up watching the movie. Way too much of a hassle. And since I would be unable to follow what was going on (being unable to read the script), there was no point in continuing. Why didn't Jackie put the script in larger letters, and show the script on a blank screen for a few seconds, temporarily stopping the action and stopping the dialogue? That way, I could have read the script, then gotten back to the action and the subtitles. It wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
 Courageous Avenger, 1935 film  The film begins with five riders. A lone man walks in the desert. The riders collect him to work the mine. The "Giant Strike Mine ships out gold on a wagon (without an armed escort). Those five riders approach, and shots are fired. Dick falls off the wagon. Those men open two heavy boxes of gold. Kirk Baxter will be sent to investigate. Those robbers use silver bullets. The firing pin left a clue on the cap of the shells. (Latest ballistics tests.) Kirk arrives in time to help Beth, and offers help to Mr. Carson. Can they hide the gold in an ordinary shipment? Beth can stay with Kirk's aunt. We see how hard the captive silver miners work! (No union.) A message tells Gorman about a "heavy shipment". The robbers kill the wagon driver and abduct Beth. Can Kirk trail Beth? Can Carson be trusted? Mr. Davis thinks so. Kirk goes into town.  Carson retrieves the pigeons. Kirk finds that man hiding in the rocks and disarms him. There is a fight, Kirk wins. The horse returns to his stable. "Johnson asks for refuge from Gorman. Carson finds Wilford. Pigeons carry messages in the desert. One man plans an escape. A new message tells about Baxter and another gold shipment. Can Baxter escape now? He takes Beth as well, she will warn the sheriff. Baxter catches up to the wagon and warns Davis. There is a trick. Kirk captures most of the gang and drops them for the sheriff's men. Can Gorman escape? Not from Kirk. There will be a happy ending for Beth and Kirk
 The emphasis in the title is "Island.  This does not cover all of Asia.  It focuses on Java and the islands near it.  This work begins and then ends with the top of the food chain
 Como fan declarado de Soda Stereo y de Cerati, me resisti a comprar el CD, esperando que el material audiovisual me diera toda la experiencia de estar en la sala de conciertos. Cuando sali&oacute; a la venta, no lo dude y lo adquiri. Su interpretacion, exclusivamente vocal, no deja de ser suprema, introspectiva o concentrada, y su llamativo vestuario de 'Principito' logra que la atencion de todos sea solo para &eacute;l. El formato de audio 5.1 engrandece el sonido. Sin embargo...  Siempre me ha parecido que la idea de cualquier artista de reversionar canciones ("sinfonicamente", "acusticamente", etc.), sobre todo exitos del pasado, es para mi gusto un signo de pretension... o de querer aprovecharse de los fans. Me parece que el caso de Cerati fue el primero.  Si bien las reversiones de "Bocanada", "A Merced y "Verbo Carne son mas que perfectas para la ocasi&oacute;n -sobre todo la ultima-, son cuestionables las elegidas de su etapa Soda. &iquest;"El Rito"? &iquest;"Un Millon de A&ntilde;os Luz"? &iexcl;&iquest;..."Persiana Americana"?! Evidentemente son canciones que le significan tanto a &eacute;l como a nosotros sus fans, pero el tratamiento sinfonico no le va a cualquier cancion. "Corazon Delator es por ejemplo totalmente apropiada para la situacion, y tal vez la eleccion de temas podria haber ido por ese rumbo, (&iquest;que hay de "Planeador", "Fue o "Terapia de Amor Intensiva"?); o incluso haber dado un paso m&aacute;s adelante y sorprendernos con algun tema innovador compuesto en esa vena de sala de concierto. Es mas, existen en el DVD dos temas que bien podrian haber completado la experiencia, &iexcl;pero solo estan en formato de audio!  Es recomendable solo para aquellos fans de Cerati que convierten sus presentaciones en clases escolares
 First off, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous.  Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.  Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.  Some of the more repulsive moments
 I saw it many years ago when it came out in theatres. Good movie, that's why I ordered it this day and age.  The quality was not very good.  The colors were off, the soundtrack was a bit off, and there was a skip in the movie.  I didn't pay much for it and still consider it a good deal.  I happen to like old movies and actors of yester year.
 REEL ENTERPRISES is a Georgia-based purveyor of public domain movies, both classic era and modern. Their catalog includes several titles unavailable elsewhere.  Despite its bad press, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous. Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.  Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.  Some of the more repulsive moments
 I only recently saw this movie, although I remember seeing a preview of it in the theaters when it was originally released in the 70s. The preview included a scene of OJ Simpson sprinting across railroad tracks ahead of an oncoming train. In the movie this happens after his character shoots a Klansman. In the next scene Richard Burton and Lola Falana are driving away from the shooting in, believe it or not, a Ford Bronco. Next thing you know, OJ comes out from his hiding place in the back of the vehicle, still with his rifle, and asks Burton to stop and let him out in a rural area. After a heated discussion, he leaves after also pulling a hunting knife out of the Bronco. Coincidence or beyond coincidence?
 The Klansman a 1974 thriller Starring Lee Marvin and Richard burton is a delberate rasict picture and makes no qualms about it that's why it's an okay film. Marvin is an honest sherrif caught in the crossfire between the whites and the blacks over the rape of a white woman by a blackman. Burton  with a southern accent pretty funny to hear plays a local landowner who  comes under fire because black men and woman work for him and he thinks  that both white and black should get along. Grusome But yet interesting  film dealing with a subject that's been around for centries. Critics pan  this film I do not because even though it's not the greatist film it does  show people about racial bigotry and how it can lead to viloence. Most  films today would rather make some sort of joke when it comes to dealing  with films like this The Klansman is a good film and does well with it's  subject. Lee Marvin did a good Job in this film. It's a shame he died too  prematurly.
 I was nine years old in 1974 when this picture came to film in Oroville, California. I'm a native of Oroville.  Although the quality of the performance of the main characters leaves much to be desired,It leaves a good feeling when I view the picture now to see some scenes in Oroville (and some surrounding areas) that have REALLY changed over the past thirty three years. Many of the extras I know along with the memory of one Saturday when a scene was filming downtown were the Butte County Courthouse was once located.
 I am an avid fan of Louis LaMour's writing, and I was disappointed in this film's inaccuracy to the book.  (What movie has ever followed a book accurately?)  Someone please tell me.  John Wayne plays his part well, and Geraldine Page is OK, but if anything, Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker might have been the most true-to-life performance of the film. As a huge John Wayne fan, I automatically have to rank this movie higher than it probably deserves.  I mean, who does westerns better than the Duke?  Nobody.  It's just too bad the western didn't hang around longer.  I don't suppose it's coincedence that when the Duke died, for all intents and purposes so did the western.   Unforgiven  and  Dances With Wolves  are really the only two exceptions. In short, if you're a John Wayne fan, this movie is for you.  If you're not, I really don't think you'd like it.  For the Duke it's worth seeing (hey, isn't any movie with the Duke in it?), but other than him, no.
 Originally shot in 3D! Why is there no 3D Blu-ray release? Certainly this film stands tall (like the star himself) when compared to many of the 3D Blu-ray releases available today. It is such a lost opportunity and a real shame that yet another new generation will be denied this 3D classic as it was meant to be seen.
 The Weary Professor is right. I'm no western movie expert, as evidenced by the fact that I rank Hondo just below The Searchers in John Wayne's western canon. Some of the exchanges between Wayne and Paige are the most memorable ever to appear in cowboy cinema, and Sam the dog stands as one of the more memorable devices ever used to delineate his owner's character. That said, the film was compromised during shooting by the unfortunate 3-D process, which results in one shot being razor sharp and the next being out of focus, alternating throughout. It makes Hondo a bigger challenge to bring to Blu than How The West Was Won turned out to be, and, unfortunately, they blew it.  There was never going to be any cure for blurred 3-D compositions, but having just viewed the Blu-Ray, I don't think this film really was composed for widescreen. It may have been composed in such a way that widescreen projection was possible, but seen in that aspect ratio the compositions are obviously crowded and cramped. The lost vertical information in this case includes necessary head room and landscape that feels 'missing', and figures cut off distractingly around elbow height, leading to a claustrophobic experience. Westerns are often the best argument in favour of widescreen presentation, restoring the grandeur of landscape vistas lost in pan and scan vhs transfers, but in this instance the top and bottom information we have lost to the imposition of a matte letterbox is absolutely as destructive. Those who continue to take issue with the Weary Professor's opinion on this matter should get out their old fullscreen dvds and simply have a look
 John Wayne plays Hondo Lane, a character who was Louis L'Amour's first big hit, and the first book he wrote under his own name. It's a pretty typical L'Amour story, which is to say a good western adventure. Geraldine Page plays Angie Lowe, a wife who has been abandoned by her no-good husband, but refuses to accept that he won't come back. Her young son, Johnny, likes Hondo at once when he stops at their remote ranch to get some water and a horse after loosing his running from Apaches. Mrs. Lowe finds this hard to understand, because her family has always gotten along with the Apaches.  Vittorio, the Apache warrior who shows up next, explains that the whites have violated the treaty, and threatens Mrs. Lowe. But Johnnie, only six, stands up to them bravely, and Vittorio makes him a blood brother, calls him Small Warrior, and agrees to protect him and Mrs. Lowe.  How Hondo meets and eventually kills Mr. Lowe, helps the cavalry hold off the Apaches, and wins the heart of Angie, is a nice story but not all that unusual. One interesting side-line in the story is the dog Sam, who travels with Hondo but is independent of him.
 "Hondo is a 1953 3-D western. Westerns were extremely popular at the time, and 3-D was the studio's answer to the challenge of TV. The "golden era of 3-D started with Bwana Devil in 1952 and "House of Wax followed. Even Disney produced a 3-D cartoon ("Melody") and the first 3-D western was released by Columbia ("Fort Ti"). 3-D faded as quickly as it began, and Hondo was also released in the 2-D version. You'll notice, when watching the film, that many of the scenes cater to the 3-D experience, including being stabbed by a knife and stuck with a lance.  Hondo stars John Wayne with Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and Paul Fix.  Wayne was a major box office draw at the time, having appeared in such hits as "Stagecoach (1939), "They Were Expendable (1944), "Fort Apache (1948), "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon (1949), "Rio Grande (1950), and "Flying Leathernecks (1951). He was nominated for Best Actor for "Sands of Iwo Jima (1949). "Hondo was Wayne's 135th film.  "Hondo was made at a time that Wayne was feeling his oats as an actor and a producer. He formed Batjac in 1952 and "Big Jim McLain was his first film, made with Warners. Hondo followed shortly thereafter, and among Batjac's Wayne films were "Cahill (1973), "Big Jake (1971), "McClintock (1963), "The Green Berets (1968),  "McQ (1974) and the only really good Batjac film, "The Alamo (1960). Batjac also did the 1967 TV series "Hondo in which Michael Pate resurrected his role as Chief Vittorio, and Batjac made several non-Wayne films like "Cast a Giant Shadow (1966) with Wayne's buddy Kirk Douglas and "Seven Men From Now (1956) with his friend and occasional co-star Gail Russell. "Seven Men was originally intended for Wayne, but he was too busy and substituted Randolph Scott
 Hondo (John Wayne), a half breed who sometimes scouts for the Army, becomes involved with a homesteader woman (Geraldine Page) and her young son (Lee Aaker) during a time when the pressure of the westward expansion is bringing conflict with the local Apaches to the boiling point.  Wayne and Page give good performances, and the character of Hondo, with his unswerving but intensely personal sense of honesty and his antisocial dog, is interesting, but John Farrow's direction is uninspired.  The final battle, which was shot by John Ford, is an improvement.  Characters pay lip service to the nobility of the Apache way of life and the white man's responsibility for the conflict with them, but the filmmakers' sympathies are clearly with the settlers, as the Apaches are a constantly threatening presence, even when they are being magnanimous.
 If you are buying this video for your little Elmo fan, think again. Elmo hardly appears at all; it's mostly popular groups singing songs with a few muppets thrown in. I think it's a good video, but it's not really at my  12-month-old son's level. He wants non-stop Elmo action, not people  singing. This might be better for the 4-6 year old crowd.
 We got this DVD for our 18-month old and he just isn't that interested in it. Not much to engage a young toddler, especially since Elmo doesn't make many appearances nor does my son's favorite, Cookie Monster. My son much prefers the Elmo DVD about babies and animals. Or he also likes Elmo Loves You. This DVD though is fun for adults who are Jon Stewart and Chris Rock fans.
 While my husband and I find this video entertaining, it's too grown-up for my 15-month-old.  The beauty of Sesame Street generally is that it intersperses adult humor (via adult references) with children's entertainment.  This video seems to contain more of the former than the latter.  There is too much human dialogue and not enough song and dance to keep my daughter's interest for long.  Maybe she'll appreciate it more in a few years, but for now, it's more appropriate for mommy and daddy.
 It is a little slow at moments and it doesn't always keep my little boy's attention.
 In his milestone volume B MOVIES (Curtis Books, 1973), Don Miller titled one of the chapters "MISS V FROM MOSCOW and Other Disasters
 Miss V from Moscow was better than I feared it would be although it does have its limitations. The acting by Lola Lane is actually pretty good although some of the other actors could have been more convincing; you can indeed tell that this is a "B movie from a "poverty row film studio. Unfortunately, Alpha Video has done little to help this aging film; the sound quality is average at best. In fact, I had to pay close attention to hear every line because of the white noise in the background that interfered with the soundtrack. Most of the sets are not bad but some of the outdoors scenes have terrain that looks almost precisely like Southern California; and the suburban area surrounding Paris, France certainly didn't look that way back when this film was made.  When the action starts, Russian spy Vera Marova, aka Comrade V (Lola Lane) is assigned to impersonate a German spy named Greta Hiller during World War Two in occupied France. (The Russians are also taking advantage of the fact that the Germans don't know that the real Greta is dead.) A Commissar in the Russian counter-intelligence agency gives Comrade V information about Greta and a French two Franc coin which actually contains her only sign to the Allies that she is actually a Russian counterspy instead of Greta Hiller. Comrade V gets across German lines and enters Paris where she meets and begins to romance Colonel Wolfgang Heinrich (John Vosper) even though other German military men continue to have their doubts that she is the real Greta Hiller. Nevertheless, when Comrade V shows Wolfgang a cigarette case personally given to Greta by Hitler himself, Wolfgang falls for her ruse and they begin what he thinks is an actual affair; but of course Comrade V only wants him to get information about German plans--which are then transmitted by Doctor Suchevcky (Richard Kipling) to Moscow. Comrade V is also helped by the elderly resistance fighter Henri Devallier (Paul Weigel) and an American, Steve Worth (Howard Banks).  Despite the fact that this movie is a mere 66 minutes, there are actually a fair number of twists and turns in the plot and there's even some suspense when Comrade X is suspected of being a Russian spy by the real Greta's housekeeper Minna (Kathryn Sheldon). Eventually things come to a head and it's anyone's guess how or if Comrade V, Henri, Steve, Doctor Suchevcky and others will manage to survive.  If you like the actors in this film you will enjoy the movie despite its flaws. I also recommend this film for people interested in World War Two dramas. Sure, it's far from being the best World War Two drama I've ever seen; but it's not all that bad either.
 To anyone who reads the reviews from Anna Molly and Ian Cross, granted its not the greatest film out there. It was an independent film made locally on a shoestring budget, not some Hollyweird big budget remake. It was simply something that came about as an idea for a short spoof of Braveheart. It was turned into a full length film after some discussion with the financial backer. Personally I think it should have remained a short film, would have been funnier that way.  Anyway as to Ian Cross' claims that and I quote "this film is not made by Irish or Scotsmen, but actually consists only of Texans. is entirely false. How do I know? I was in the film as an extra. There were British, Irish, Scottish, Aussie, and New Zealander as well. And yes there were Texans, as that is where it was made. As a side note there was even an extra whose name was Mel Gibson. No kidding, I saw his drivers license. There was even someone who could trace his ancestry directly back to Wallace himself.  I will say again, it is not the best film you will ever see, but the spirit in which the film was made I applaud. There needs to be more independent films made, Hollyweird only seems to be able to do remakes these days. Is it worth whats being asked here, maybe not, but if your a fan of indie films you might appreciate it.  P.S. The funniest parts are the outtakes. The rugby game was an impromptu thing during down time between filming. Not your usual sport for Texans might I add. I gave it three stars because anything I put would be considered biased.  P.P.S. Brian, you might try dropping the price a little. Get more sales that way.
 Beware!  There is an existing DVD copy of  Diva  out there which was released in the late 1990s.  Although the film is great fun, the DVD fails at the most critical part
 Beware!  There is an existing DVD copy of  Diva  out there which was released in the late 1990s.  Although the film is great fun, the DVD fails at the most critical part
 This was the first foreign film I'd ever seen (back in the early 80s)and I've never forgotten it; it's a complete masterpiece.  It opened my eyes to foreign cinema and can't get enough of films from other countries.  I gave this product review 3 stars because I love the film, but hearing from others that the sound transfer is horrible, I was completely destroyed!  I really wanted to buy this, but now that I know about the sound and picture quality, I'll wait for something better.  The films sound is SO important to the overall experience!  How could the DVDs distributor not know this?!  Talk about "out to make a buck and not worry about quality!  Sounds like a job for DTS to take over!
 Warner Archives has just released the first Region 1 DVD transfer of 1961's "The Tartars", filmed in Technicolor in Italy and Yugoslavia. An obvious European production, MGM's Richard Thorpe directs Orson Welles and Victor Mature in a battling opus that fizzles kind-a-quickly. "The Tartars is set in the Russian steppes around 900 A.D.. Viking Prince Oleg is asked to join the Mongol horde and help destroy the Slavic tribes. Oleg refuses and war breaks out. The Tartar chieftan vows to avenge his brothers' death, which occurs, and more bloodshed begins. A criss-cross series of bloody battles and raging horse-charges leaves the viewer wondering who's army is on the screen at any point in time? The Vikings or the Tartars? "The Tartars lists Victor Mature as first-billed; a successful actor for 20 years, Mature over-acts and hams through every scene. Long-shots of Mature clearly reveal looping and dubbing for him by another actor. Obviously bored, Orson Welles mumbles through his lines and dreams of spending his salary on his own Welles-directed features. Welles is normally installed front-face to the camera, on his large Tartar throne, in a lavish palace set. But, in one sequence filmed from the side, his larger-than-life girth becomes visible. A certain curiousity for Orson Welles fans, "The Tartars has Welles valiantly sword-fighting with Mature in the final reel; so much Welles' gymnastics may have never been seen on film before. Welles also rides a horse; again probably a first. In 1950's "The Black Rose", Welles' character warlord Bayan charges his horse across the wild plains; but this is only a stunt double. In "The Tartars", lovely Bella Cortez plays the the captured Tartar daughter. Surely an edited-for-U.S. version, this Warners' DVD is generally non-graphic. Constant battles between the Vikings and the Tartars produces almost no blood. The Vikings capture the lovely Vikings kings' daughter(Bella Cortez), who is seduced by Oleg's young brother. The scene ends before anything really happens. Tartar chief  Burundai stages an erotic pagan dance, and then mauls and assaults Oleg's captive wife; again the scene ends before you see anything. This 83-minute version is an edit of the orginal, listed at 105 minutes. If you needed PG-13, you got it. Unfortunately, the lack of graphics produces a generally bland affair. Besides "The Tartars", Cuban-born Bella Cortez would steam up the screen in a series of 11 sword-and-sandal epics. She then got married and retired. Today, Bella Cortez is resentful of her continued success on DVD, VHS tapes, and the Internet. Ms. Cortez reports that her contract included no residual actor payments.
 Did this Warner Archive release meet my expectations Amazon asks. Yes it did.  I expected a sloppily dubbed, scrappily edited, poorly scripted Euro version of "The Vikings or "Taras Bulba and that is what I got.  Surely Richard Thorpe must be the model for Edward G.Robinson's ageing Hollywood Director in Minnelli's "Two Weeks in Another Town", adrift on the Tiber with Producers who want him to shoot the budget and not the movie
 John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara worked together on several movies. This was probably the funniest one. It's loosely (very loosely) based on "The Taming of the Shrew by Shakespeare. But it's primarily Wayne's response to the "women's movement that was just getting started in 1963.  George Washington (G.W.) McLintock (John Wayne) is a cattle baron who owns a good portion of the town named after him, as well as a huge cattle ranch and a beautiful Victorian mansion. He and his wife Katherine (Maureen O'Hara), whom G.W. calls Katie, have been separated for two years. But she returns to town because their daughter Becky (Stefanie Powers) is coming home from school back east and her mother is determined to take her with her to New York, and to Europe, and prevent her from becoming a crude westerner.  Katie, you see, is a terrible snob. G.W. is just as determinedly not snobbish. He is friends with the local Comanches, and is in fact asked to speak for them when there is a hearing -- kangaroo court, really -- held by the territorial governor in response to a fussy little bureaucrat of an Indian agent who reported to Washington that they were defying him about being moved to a fort somewhere else, location unspecified. In fact, nobody ever said what territory we were in throughout the movie.  One of the best scenes is when G.W. has been up all night playing chess with Birnbaum, the storekeeper when word comes that the settlers (a band that has been offered 160 acres of unfarmable land per family) are going to hang an Indian. It seems one of the settler's daughters is missing, and it is assumed the Comanches have kidnapped her. In fact, while the chief (G.W.'s friend) is standing on the scaffold, the daughter and her boyfriend ride up on a horse and explain that he had taken her for a morning ride and "the horse ran away. But her father had already made an ass of himself poking a sawed-off shotgun in G.W.'s belly and bullying him about his protesting the chief being hanged. Then G.W. wrenches the shotgun out of the jerk's hands and starts poking him in the belly.  Did I mention that all this was taking place on a hill which was part of a mining operation, and there was a muddy slope and a pool of slurry at the bottom? Well, once G.W. takes a good hard swing at the indignant father and he slides down the muddy slope into the slop, the fight is on. The chief walks through the melee saying, "Good party, Maclin. Where's the whiskey? Eventually, G.W. and Kate and Birnbaum and just about everyone else ends up in the slurry pit, and comes home covered in caked silt.  There's really too much to tell in this story. The handsome young farmer (Patrick Wayne) McLintock hires who falls in love with his daughter. The farmer's mother (Yvonne de Carlo), who takes a job cooking for them and falls in love with the sheriff. The silly college boy (Jerry Van Dyke) who makes a total fool of himself trying to win McLintock's daughter, and on and on. It's a romp, but if you don't find men spanking the women they love amusing, don't watch it.
 This is a great movie, but the quality is horrible. Some scenes the video gets to so bad, its hard to see their faces. I would recommend getting the John Wayne collection one.
 I have enjoyed this movie for years, as well as other John Wayne movies.  I originally saw this on VHS and was thrilled to finally have the movie on DVD.  But I was really disappointed.  The recording was terrible.  The picture was sometimes crystal clear, and then would be blurred and lined.  My VHS recording was better and also had extended scenes that I missed in the DVD version.  My recommendation would be to wait until a better version comes along.
 This is one of my favorite JW movies - but the quality of this DVD was disappointing.  Dialog was cut from the movie in several places and there are streaks in many of the frames throughout the film.  Buy the movie, it is enjoyable to watch, but get the authorized version.
 Delta/LaserLight has also put out McLintock on DVD and it appears to use the same source GoodTimes used for their VHS and DVD, in other words, do not buy this DVD either.  Too bad as this is a great movie.  I will keep it until the John Wayne estate puts out an authorized DVD of it though.  I have averaged it to 3 stars because of the great movie but lousy DVD.
 This is one of my favorite movies, hey, it's a John Wayne flick.  Lots of fun, action, and the standard brawl scene.  Unfortunately, the video quality is the worst I've seen on a DVD... muddy color, blurry, grainy.  I'm not sure if the film was shot widescreen or not, but this DVD is not widescreen.  If a new edition came out with the problems corrected, I'd rebuy it.  The lack of technical quality gets in the way of the enjoyment of the movie.  Were it not for the video quality problems, I'd give it 5 stars.
 I have to say I was very disappointed that this was the pirated version of  McLintock  and not the original, that was used for the DVD release.  This is my favorite John Wayne movie.  It is so obvious that scenes and lines are missing.  I wish they would have used the legal copy, it would have been much better.  With that said.... McLintock  is a hilarious look into a rich cattleman's life.  Maureen O'Hara plays his wife and she is perfect.  When I was younger, I always wanted to be like Mrs. McLintock, so brave and strong.  Patrick Wayne is wonderful as a hired hand.  There is a fight scene at a clay pit, that will have you rolling on the floor, laughing.  The line by John Wayne,  I'm not going to hit you, I'm not going to hit you, the He** I'm not! , it's perfect.  There are two scenes with spanking involving grown women that you just have to see to believe.
 I do so wish that Turner, or whoever owns the rights to this movie would release it on DVD from a better print of the film. I love this movie, it makes me howl with laughter. This laughter is mitigated by the horrible copy the DVD was pressed from. Sheesh. There is a much better copy available, I have seen it on VHS.
 Lots of violence, lots of gore, lots of shooting, and cathartic if you are really into it. I liked this movie for the variety of weapons and the ambushes the protagonist employs. Other reviewers would have you believe that virtually all big-city dwellers were victims of violent crime in the 1970s. Crime was higher in that decade, but so were certain demographic markers that had nothing to do with politics or policy. This film's major impact was to render most white suburbanites terrified to enter large cities, so it was good for suburban sprawl and Republicans.
 Crime in the streets and the police reaction to it is always not far from front page news.  Occasionally, Hollywood thinks that it has a tap on the pulse of urban America, and in 1974, that tap was DEATH WISH.  The popular perception then was that the streets of every large urban city was a battleground where the only ones armed were the bad guys.  Crime rates were up, and the liberal approach to reducing that crime was down.  Director Michael Winner constructed a tale that was more fairy tale than cinema veritee. In this movie, Charles Bronson plays architect Paul Kersey, who is your basic liberal good guy, educated, kindly, affluent, having a loving family.  Whenever any director shows a family man in happiness, you know that you are being set up for the flip side of one of Grimm's most somber of fairy tales.  His wife is killed and his daughter gang-raped by a bunch of greasy hoods, one of whom is Jeff Goldblum, before he became a good guy himself.  This attack scene is a graphic one, designed to make the liberal urban dweller shake in a way that would not be duplicated until the equally nauseating I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE.  Kersey reacts with the way that conservatives truly believe that any liberal would have reacted, grief followed by a desire for revenge.  Kersey is meant to be seen as the very definition of a conservative
 DEATH WISH is a film that you ALWAYS want to watch--it's entertaining and even engrossing and has the great title. I guess many of us have at one time or another wanted to be Paul Kersey--getting rid of urban thugs & slugs with impunity and getting away with it [minus the personal tragedy Kersey incurs, of course!]. All about an architect whose wife and daughter are brutalized by a gang of thugs--wife is killed, daughter left a vegetable. Justice is slow a'coming so Mr Kersey decides to vacuum clean the streets of New York of it's anti-social vermin with a gun. Daughter's second rape while recovering from the first nightmare is gut-wrenching--pretty callous stuff here. Stark & sterile New York locations complement Kersey's lonely but resolute mission well. Why only 3/5 stars ?? Maybe I'm not being fair but I think this could have been an even better film if in the proper hands. First, the sociopaths in this film were annoyingly 70's-ish
 the original novel (author, Brian Garfield), but mine most decidedly DIDN'T end with Kersey going to another city. In fact, it was, in a wierd way, even "colder than the end of the film. That being said, this is, as you know, one of the original vigilante, one-man-gets 'em all films, a sort of Nevada Smith goes to Manhattan, with several really brutal scenes. Easily one of Bronson's better roles, and yes, you do find yourself alternately cheering and being a little horrified. Interestingly, a person couldn't do a Paul Kersey today, because most of the muggers are carrying guns as well... how's that for irony?
 ... or were certain scenes edited from this DVD version just like Paramount did with "Thief Of Hearts"? I could have sworn the rape scene was originally longer and more graphic.
 Death Wish was a great book that challenged people to think about crime and vengeance, and put vigilantism under a powerful microscope. At times, you are on Paul's side, especially at first, when you've experienced with him the horror and violence that befell his family. We walk through the utter darkness of his mind, as he decides to do the unthinkable, and become a one-man army and take the law into his own hands. Unfortunately, much (if not all) of the underlying subplot of the novel is glossed over for the movie. Sure, we see Bronson have occasional doubts, and he vomits after his first kill, but the strain on his conscience was not handled very well in the movie. In the movie, you don't get much of an idea that he may not really be doing the right thing. The novel was provocative and didn't offer up any concrete answers, and at the end of the book, when he transfers to another city, he leaves his vigilance behind him, having come to the conclusion that becoming a criminal yourself is not an answer to the crime problem. That thee is a fine line between self defense and going out looking for trouble. But in the film, Bronson hadn't quite gotten it all out of his system, and we're left with an understanding that he's going to do it again, which basically tells us that taking the law into your own hands is justifiable, at all costs. Also, it set the stage for a series of sequels that were so ludicrous, they make they Rambo sequels feel like quality cinema. Paul Kersey is no longer an embittered, struggling, law-abiding man who has been pushed to the limits of his conscience and morality, and instead has been turned into a role model for the armchair vigilantes, so they can play out their violent fantasies vicariously though the films' main character. I liked the first movie very much, but was put off by the change in ending, and the bullets-flying, no-brainer franchise of sequels it spawned. Read the book, and see what the author was really intending.
 That's for sure. This film has a lot of storyline, more so than Death Wish 2. I like Hope Lange so its a pity her role`as Kersey's wife couldn't have been larger. I really don't feel this film is 100% true to life in 1970's New York City. It is exagerrated in it's depiction of how much crime NYC used to have. But hey it's only a movie.
 This movie could have been a lot better if it had a more competant director. Today it looks dated in places, and some of the dialogue delivery approaches camp at times (again, blame Mr Winner). Plot
 This was a gift for my brother in Germany and I made sure that the dvd had no region limitations. However, once out of the box and in the dvd player in Germany it did not play. It does play in the States.  The delivery time and quality of the dvd was excellent, albeit not in the intendet region.
 I had high hopes going into 2009's "Melvin which I had never heard of before. The movie release (which I saw on DVD) has a absurdly funny introduction from the estimable Lloyd Kaufman, who for 40 years with Troma has redefined true independent cinema as well as made bad movie magic! Kaufman, who also has a funny cameo in the film, is a tastemaker I can stand behind--so his stamp of approval goes a long way with me. I know there will be a contingent of viewers who proclaim this film a cult masterwork. There will also be those that detest it for its low budget origins and amateurish feel. In truth, "Melvin is neither the best in its class nor an outright disaster. If you enjoy bad movie mayhem and copious splatter effects, then this might make for a pleasant evening. At times silly, overwrought, overacted and underacted at the same time--the film's second half has a relentless pacing that makes up for some of its earlier shortcomings. There are moments of inspiration interspersed within the film, but overall, it lacked true cleverness, humor or originality to make it a nightmarish triumph.  "Melvin is a classic tale of bullying and revenge reconfigured with haunting and zombie elements. At first, the story follows two tracks--there is a high school kid being bullied and a college student being bullied. The initial sequences can be a bit confusing until you realize that they are occurring on alternate timelines. In one, the shenanigans get out of hand and the hapless Melvin is inadvertently killed. One night in the cemetery, our equally beleaguered college nerd is attacked by the reanimated Melvin. The remainder of the picture plays out as a series of zombie attacks as our hero loses his tenuous grasp with humanity. For a low budget effort, the film showcases some nicely done and over-the-top carnage. As I said, I quite enjoyed the straightforward brutality of the film's second act along with the sweetly satisfying ending.  Perhaps the movie's most inspired bit of comic delight comes from a horror film within the film that both boys watch. This is campy humor that works! But there's just not enough of it to really distinguish "Melvin from dozens of other indie horror films done on the cheap. The first part of the movie is particularly overdone. The bullies are so ridiculous and so poorly acted--I understand that they were meant to be funny, but it was a bit tedious. There's a fine line between campy bad and just plain bad, and this film struggles to find the right balance. However, when it kicks in--it really kicks in. I enjoyed the film for the most part, it just didn't rise to the level of awful genius that I had hoped. Still, if you like this sort of thing--there is much to recommend the film. About 3 1/2 stars on the bad movie scale. KGHarris, 4/11.
 I must admit, I was extremely disappointed with this film. 1)It's not scary (although the scenes in the moors were excellent, and turn out to be the highlight of the entire film). 2)Since it's a John Landis (THE BLUES BROTHERS, TRADING PLACES, ANIMAL HOUSE), I had expected there to be a TON more humor . . . . . there was hardly any at all! 3)The ending is simply atrocious! It's so disappointing, that it's on the verge of destroying the entire film. I mean, the film wasn't very original to begin with (though the living dead segments were cool), but they had to go and use the ending that was used in THE WOLF MAN, THE CURSE OF THE WEREWOLF, and it goes on and on. Shoot the werewolf, see him in human form, flash to the credits!! The whole thing happens in less than 30 seconds (very, very sloppy and rushed). One thing I must say in its defense, however
 The movie is very nice and it's good to review it and remember the good times. But, as a Brazilian, and considering that the blu-ray region refers from North America to South America, I thought the subtitles would be in Portuguese fom Brazil, not from Portugal. There is a significant difference between both.
 This movie is a classic, First time when i saw it during the 80s it was so scary and the make-up effect was so impressive. However, this DVD release by Universal Studios is dissappointing. The picture is so soft similar to a VCD/VHS transfer  and the audio, though originally recorded in MONO and upgraded to 5.1 and DTS surround, the effect is poor and soft. The movie needs a better treatment absolutely. Video 
 This is a pretty good monster movie with some truly fine actors, in particular Agutter.  However, unlike the classics of the genre, where a dark mood of foreboding and anguish build, this film strays into a comedy that didn't hold together for me.  You enter scary scenarios and then the actors get almost flippant, even sloppy in the way that they depart from the mood for a few laughs that don't add to the story.  For example, the nurse keeps meeting with a cute little boy who says, "no!", to everything she asks; this shows she is warm and it is touching, but it detracts from the plot rather than advancing it.  In terms of plot, it is pretty formulaic.  Two American friends are doing Europe, when they stumble across a strange village.  Feeling unwelcome, they walk out into the rainy night only to get attacked by you know what.  One of mauled, but survives, hence is doomed to monsterdom.  He meets a girl who falls for him, lives up to the curse, and gets offed while she is looking.  One shouldn't  expect more than this, of course, but it should cast a spell that the viewer enters and can forget everything else for a time.  This it completely fails to do, in part by indifferent direction - it feels almost like they are making it up as they go along - but also because of the misplaced humor that pops up, like the bumbling policeman whose character is never developed beyond knocking over medical instruments under the eyes of a glowering boss.  The best thing in the film is the transformation scene, which is one of the best and most graphic that I have seen in the genre.  It is well done, though the werewolf himself often appears stiff and puppet-like.  One comic twist that does work are the visits (as spirits in limbo) of his friend and victims, but even they are sometimes stupidly lighthearted.  REcommended tepidly.
 HUGE disappointment, transfer looks EXACTLY as the Collector's Edition DVD w/ DTS audio.  The video is still grainy and faded/blurry...I don't see ANY improvements whatsoever...I decided to "upgrade being this is one of my favorite horror/monster movies of all time and was sadly let down.  There are one or two NEW bonus features added in addition to those found on the previously mentioned DVD.  I had hoped for deleted scenes or extended cut, etc.  Do not confuse my review if you do NOT own the DVD by all means pick this Bluray up for it's price is that of most DVD's!
 This film establishes mood excellently in it's first hour.  Rainy english moors, edgy locals, the american boys who don't belong there.  David Kessler (David Naughton), surviving a werewolf attack that claims his friend's life, finds himself in a hospital w/a sympathetic ear from Nurse Price, as disturbing dreams signal he is now the werewolf and the countdown to his transformation and eventual killing spree has begun.  The film succeeds brilliantly in this buildup. It's tense, then abruptly lighthearted and comic, and back again.. back and forth as the dream sequences get more horrific- it's perfect.  Then the crescendo... the transformation.  Oof.  These makeup effects may have dazzled in the early 80s, but not so much now. Someone might have taken a tip from Rob Bottin, who kept his makeup transformations somewhat unlit.. as in the Thing, whose effects have held up remarkably well. The intent here was to really show the transformation, but less would have been more.  And the werewolf just looks like a werepig, really.  So, jaded viewers, scares turn to giggles and it's downhill from there.  A killing spree, populated with characters with no story arcs at all. And a huge car wreck in Picadilly square. Cheers.
 This one starts out with the music "Blue Moon. Two ordinary young men are backpacking in England when they are attacked by a werewolf. One is killed and the other is in a London hospital for weeks. In the hospital an attraction develops between the surviving young man, David, and Nurse Price, a very beautiful captivating young woman. David moves in with the nurse. They fall madly in love. However, David was attacked by a werewolf and he is facing a transformation experience at the next full moon .......
 There's a lot to like about American Werewolf in London -- and just as much that's aggravating and disappointing.  Apart from David Naughton's thin performance in the lead role, the acting is solid, with Jenny Agutter the standout as a pretty young nurse who's a sucker for animal magnetism.  The film snaps from comedy (some of which works, some of which doesn't) to fairly realistic gore -- with nightmare scenes that give the entire story a sense of the surreal which is fairly unusual in a mainstream film.  The story is short and highly simplistic -- with little depth; the twists and turns, such as they are, simply don't engage.  I like American Werewolf for its tone, its sense of freshness.  It's a flawed film, but likely John Landis' best work.
 John Landis crafts an enjoyable piece of horror hokum, a tongue-in-cheek werewolf thriller that gives an affectionate nod to the old horror movies and also manages to deliver a few scares. The title says it all
 An American Werewolf in London disappointed me.  There was too much humor, too many living-dead people, and the werewolf was too small.  The turning scene was pretty good, but not as good as THE HOWLING.
 I bought the copy of American Werewolf in London on blue-ray. When I received the disk I opened it and put it in my blue-ray player to watch it. About 3/4 through the movie it skipped a bunch of scenes. Totaling about 35-40 mins of the movie. I took the disk out and there was nothing wrong with it as far as I could see. So I'm a little disappointed that I got a faulty disk. Wish I could get a new copy or my money back.
 Yes folks,this movie is unfortunately a very overrated one,but it is not horrible. The big problem with this movie is that it just doesn't feel completed when it ends,theres just so much that's not there. The painful part is that they could have done a lot of character development and used the potencial these people had as actors in this movie,through and through you just come out unsatisfied. So,why 3 stars you ask? Well,with all the drawbacks,you can't help but appreciate the classic feel of this movie,theres just something in there that calls for this to be watched,but it's good the first,and that's it. What you have is a movie that knew where it was going,but took a different,and foolishly hazardous.route to get there.
 As someone raised on the classic Universal monsters I had high expectations for AWIL.  Sadly, few of them were realized.  AWIL does have the most powerful, eyepopping jawdropping transformation scene in the history of film.  Also, the star does a competent job of portraying the anguish of his position.  Aside from that, this movie is quite forgettable. For one thing, once the transformation is complete we have a "werewolf that looks like a carpet with big teeth.  Second, there is little originality in the basic plot.  The "story is basically a countdown to an ending you can see a mile off if you have ever seen a werewolf movie before.   AWIL commits one unforgivable sin, however; it just isn't scary.  Oh there is the occassional startle, but no real horror is generated anywhere.  A great deal of this lies in the film's "humor.  While the there were a few funny gags the bottom line is the director clearly did not understand how to make a horror movie, so he went for a dark comedy hybrid.  The result is too repulsive to be funny (Hey look, that ghost has skin flaking off him, what a riot) and too inane to be scary.  While it may be a nice diversion on a Friday night, AWIL is not a classic.
 El sonido castellano que lleva inclu&iacute;do es el utilizado en la &uacute;ltima versi&oacute;n (remasterizado) y despu&eacute;s de unos minutos de sorpresa, te acostumbras al mismo. Los efectos en el sonido han recogido los del idioma original ingl&eacute;s y son muy,muy buenos (atenci&oacute;n a los rugidos y aullidos del hombre lobo, no aptos para corazones sensibles, as&iacute; como las im&aacute;genes de Griffin Dune como se va descomponiendo a lo largo del metraje de la pel&iacute;cula) . La imagen no es espectacular y conserva suciedad del metraje original (sobretodo al principio) pero globalmente la pelicula no desmerece en absoluto. Podr&iacute;an haberse esmerado un poco m&aacute;s en la confecci&oacute;n de esta pel&iacute;cula (al fin y al cabo, el Blu Ray representa una m&aacute;xima calidad en imagen y sonido, aunque esta vez creo que han optado por "el camino de enmedio y no se han esforzado demasiado). A destacar los extras, interesantes y variados; todos subtitulados.
 The print was fuzzy. No pun intended. It needs to be restored. Why have a hi-def print with so many artifacts in the print of the film??????
 I have to agree that the picture quality is less than stellar. Very grainy throughout, even the indoor scenes. Probably one of the worst looking blu-rays I have seen. Still love the movie though and David Naughton is hot! Especially without his clothes on! What a body!
 Tracey Mallett is very energetic and gets my heart rate up. The first 15 minutes are mostly jumping jacks and push ups with dancy moves thrown in. The second 15 minutes is more weights and the last 15 minute segment is a combination of moves from the first segment and some random moves thrown in.  The workout is pretty jarring, if you arnt ready to jump around or really focus on the moves, you can get hurt. That being said, there is also little warm up or cool down, it is expected that you do it on your own.  There is a really cheesy guy in the back who makes me feel better about myself (I, too, almost fall over during some of the moves).
 I generally go the gym most days a week, and use the elliptical and/or treadmill, and some of the weight machines.  I use videos to add a little variety or whatever into my exercise.  This is an okay video. It's fun to do, but it probably won't give you huge results on its own.   I don't think that it ever really gets your heart rate up, so I doubt it will burn much fat. The choreography is kind of confusing, so the first couple (or more than a couple because I'm so uncoordinated) of times I did the tape, I couldn't do anything on the first try, and by the time I got the hang of it, it was time to go on to another move.  The instructor is really energenic, but I think that's what a good instructor should be.  I like watching the guy behind her, because he's so muscular and fit and everything, but he has horrible balance, and it seems he and I have similar coordination.  This is a good video to burn a couple of extra calories, and to work a little bit harder on your muscles.
 Well, I don't know why some reviewers...or one reviewer is complaining about the quality, especially after admitting they have a cheap DVD player, which is probably the real problem. I've either bought outright, or borrowed from the library, each Backyardigans DVD and have never had any problems, even with the "been around the block library ones.   The main cartoon episode on this DVD is Polka Palace Party. This episode revisits the characters as cowboys, and brings back Sherman the Worm from the Tarzan episode. This show is pretty cute, but not one of the most memorable.   The other cartoon on here is the high tea episode. I thought it was one of the poorest ones I've seen, not making much sense.  When I think "High Tea", that's a British term, and yet they're going to see a Chinese Emperoress, although I understand tea is a very important thing in Asia as well, as that is where tea originated from. But overall this episode certainly didn't hold my interest, nor that of my son, and we like the Backyardigans.    The ONLY reason I would recommend this one is because of the Viking Episode. My son LOVES this one.  My son wants me to sing him the "Hush Little Mermaid song everytime he gets in the tub or bed. I love Pablo in the viking helmet, looking to discover a new land.   What it comes down to is, look at all the available DVDs, and if your child has absolute favorite episodes, just get them that particular DVD; for the rest, try your local library, then you'll know if you like it BEFORE spending your money and being disappointed.
 I love watching the Backyardigans, so I purchased this DVD.  In each of the four episodes, the color of the characters is distorted, making it hard to watch.  Uniqua and Austin appear dark red.  Tasha appears as light green, and the white areas on Pablo also appear green.  It is very distracting.
 We bought this dvd because the "Polka Palace Party was on the "On Demand channels on cable.  Meaning, my two girls (twins 14 months) were able to watch this over and over.  Thing is, it only runs "on demand for a couple of weeks.  So, we decided to buy the dvd.  PPP is the best one on the dvd.  The songs are really cute and not too annoying.  The other ones...well, they get progressively worse as the dvd goes on.  But really, what kids' song-type show ISN'T annoying?  So, it's worth buying for the first two episodes.  More importantly the first one.  We even sing the songs to them when it's not on.  They're pretty catchy!
 I am an avid fan of Louis LaMour's writing, and I was disappointed in this film's inaccuracy to the book.  (What movie has ever followed a book accurately?)  Someone please tell me.  John Wayne plays his part well, and Geraldine Page is OK, but if anything, Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker might have been the most true-to-life performance of the film. As a huge John Wayne fan, I automatically have to rank this movie higher than it probably deserves.  I mean, who does westerns better than the Duke?  Nobody.  It's just too bad the western didn't hang around longer.  I don't suppose it's coincedence that when the Duke died, for all intents and purposes so did the western.   Unforgiven  and  Dances With Wolves  are really the only two exceptions. In short, if you're a John Wayne fan, this movie is for you.  If you're not, I really don't think you'd like it.  For the Duke it's worth seeing (hey, isn't any movie with the Duke in it?), but other than him, no.
 Originally shot in 3D! Why is there no 3D Blu-ray release? Certainly this film stands tall (like the star himself) when compared to many of the 3D Blu-ray releases available today. It is such a lost opportunity and a real shame that yet another new generation will be denied this 3D classic as it was meant to be seen.
 The Weary Professor is right. I'm no western movie expert, as evidenced by the fact that I rank Hondo just below The Searchers in John Wayne's western canon. Some of the exchanges between Wayne and Paige are the most memorable ever to appear in cowboy cinema, and Sam the dog stands as one of the more memorable devices ever used to delineate his owner's character. That said, the film was compromised during shooting by the unfortunate 3-D process, which results in one shot being razor sharp and the next being out of focus, alternating throughout. It makes Hondo a bigger challenge to bring to Blu than How The West Was Won turned out to be, and, unfortunately, they blew it.  There was never going to be any cure for blurred 3-D compositions, but having just viewed the Blu-Ray, I don't think this film really was composed for widescreen. It may have been composed in such a way that widescreen projection was possible, but seen in that aspect ratio the compositions are obviously crowded and cramped. The lost vertical information in this case includes necessary head room and landscape that feels 'missing', and figures cut off distractingly around elbow height, leading to a claustrophobic experience. Westerns are often the best argument in favour of widescreen presentation, restoring the grandeur of landscape vistas lost in pan and scan vhs transfers, but in this instance the top and bottom information we have lost to the imposition of a matte letterbox is absolutely as destructive. Those who continue to take issue with the Weary Professor's opinion on this matter should get out their old fullscreen dvds and simply have a look
 John Wayne plays Hondo Lane, a character who was Louis L'Amour's first big hit, and the first book he wrote under his own name. It's a pretty typical L'Amour story, which is to say a good western adventure. Geraldine Page plays Angie Lowe, a wife who has been abandoned by her no-good husband, but refuses to accept that he won't come back. Her young son, Johnny, likes Hondo at once when he stops at their remote ranch to get some water and a horse after loosing his running from Apaches. Mrs. Lowe finds this hard to understand, because her family has always gotten along with the Apaches.  Vittorio, the Apache warrior who shows up next, explains that the whites have violated the treaty, and threatens Mrs. Lowe. But Johnnie, only six, stands up to them bravely, and Vittorio makes him a blood brother, calls him Small Warrior, and agrees to protect him and Mrs. Lowe.  How Hondo meets and eventually kills Mr. Lowe, helps the cavalry hold off the Apaches, and wins the heart of Angie, is a nice story but not all that unusual. One interesting side-line in the story is the dog Sam, who travels with Hondo but is independent of him.
 "Hondo is a 1953 3-D western. Westerns were extremely popular at the time, and 3-D was the studio's answer to the challenge of TV. The "golden era of 3-D started with Bwana Devil in 1952 and "House of Wax followed. Even Disney produced a 3-D cartoon ("Melody") and the first 3-D western was released by Columbia ("Fort Ti"). 3-D faded as quickly as it began, and Hondo was also released in the 2-D version. You'll notice, when watching the film, that many of the scenes cater to the 3-D experience, including being stabbed by a knife and stuck with a lance.  Hondo stars John Wayne with Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and Paul Fix.  Wayne was a major box office draw at the time, having appeared in such hits as "Stagecoach (1939), "They Were Expendable (1944), "Fort Apache (1948), "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon (1949), "Rio Grande (1950), and "Flying Leathernecks (1951). He was nominated for Best Actor for "Sands of Iwo Jima (1949). "Hondo was Wayne's 135th film.  "Hondo was made at a time that Wayne was feeling his oats as an actor and a producer. He formed Batjac in 1952 and "Big Jim McLain was his first film, made with Warners. Hondo followed shortly thereafter, and among Batjac's Wayne films were "Cahill (1973), "Big Jake (1971), "McClintock (1963), "The Green Berets (1968),  "McQ (1974) and the only really good Batjac film, "The Alamo (1960). Batjac also did the 1967 TV series "Hondo in which Michael Pate resurrected his role as Chief Vittorio, and Batjac made several non-Wayne films like "Cast a Giant Shadow (1966) with Wayne's buddy Kirk Douglas and "Seven Men From Now (1956) with his friend and occasional co-star Gail Russell. "Seven Men was originally intended for Wayne, but he was too busy and substituted Randolph Scott
 Hondo (John Wayne), a half breed who sometimes scouts for the Army, becomes involved with a homesteader woman (Geraldine Page) and her young son (Lee Aaker) during a time when the pressure of the westward expansion is bringing conflict with the local Apaches to the boiling point.  Wayne and Page give good performances, and the character of Hondo, with his unswerving but intensely personal sense of honesty and his antisocial dog, is interesting, but John Farrow's direction is uninspired.  The final battle, which was shot by John Ford, is an improvement.  Characters pay lip service to the nobility of the Apache way of life and the white man's responsibility for the conflict with them, but the filmmakers' sympathies are clearly with the settlers, as the Apaches are a constantly threatening presence, even when they are being magnanimous.
 Brings back wonderful memories of a better and simpler time. Very tongue in cheek. Plots are a little thin as series progress. Good viewing for baby boomer generation. EH
 This guy is the Real Thing! Grooving Shagging super crooner Deany the Martini of Ocean's Eleven Rat Pack lays own the ladies and puts the bad guys in their place, all with a twinkle in his scotch glass! Great fun for everyone except recovering alcoholics!
 Before Austin Powers there was Matt Helm, played to the coolest by Dean Martin. Dean was fun though the stories were not as complex or thrilling as Bond. The gorgeous giggly girls were fun. Based on Donald Hamilton's MATT HELM books. This was Columbia attempt to cash in on the 60's spy genre. These films follow the basic BOND recipe
 Although Matt Helm is no James Bond you can't help but smile at Dean's antics. Most critics dislike the series, but if you don't treat the movies seriously, they can be a lot of fun.
 When I was about eight, the Matt Helm movies were new. I watched them all at the drive-in theatre where my mother worked. And I loved them.  Attitudes toward women have changed immensely since then, making them a little more difficult to watch.  On the upside, Helm, as played by Dean Martin, doesn't take himself too seriously. He always _almost_ gets the girl, but rarely, erm, scores. Despite the sexism, the women often outshine, out think and out perform Helm and the other men.  Fun. Very 1960s. Definitely not for everyone.
 A glimpse of group male physical examinations during earlier war time periods.  Most gay guys would be pleased to see what was going on in those days and how embarassing it was!
 In August of 1991, Gavin Cato, a black seven year old boy, was hit and killed by a car driven by a Hassidic man in the racially polarized neighborhood of Crown Heights, Brooklyn. Consequently, racial tensions bubbled over and riots broke out in that community over the incident, with looting and violence rampant. An Australian Hassidic man, having nothing to do with the car accident, was then stabbed to death in retaliation by Lemrick Nelson, a black man from the community. Animosity has always run high between Blacks and Hassidim in that Crown Heights community, the two groups that live side by side in Crown Heights, and it just took a tragic accident to have that cauldron of hatred bubble over into murder and mayhem.  This film is not about the incident that caused all hell to break loose. Based upon actual people and events, it is about the way that peacemakers in each of the two groups tried a joint grass roots approach to giving peace a chance. They reached out to male youths on both sides of the great divide. Their goal was to create cultural awareness and understanding through dialogue, music, and basketball games in hopes of bridging the chasm that existed between these two groups. Although the Hassidim and Blacks had lived side by side with each other for some time in Crown Heights, there was little mutual understanding and virtually no social interaction.  David Lazerson (Howie Mandel), author of "Switchblades and Skullcaps and a member of the Hassidic community, is contacted by an emissary of the renowned Rebbe Schneerson of the Lubavitcher sect and asked to reach out to the Black community in the spirit of reconciliation. He agrees and reaches out to local Black activist and youth counselor, Richard Green (Mario Van Peebles). They join forces to try and maintain the peace and bridge some understanding between the two groups. They establishe Project Cure, a group comprised of both Black and Hassidic male youths. The film focuses on two of those youths, TJ (De Quan Henderson) and Yudi (Jeremy Blackman), and after a rocky start, an unexpected friendship forms between them. While some progress was made by Project Cure, the reality of Crown Heights today is that never the twain shall meet.  This is not one of Showtime's best films. It is a self-conscious effort at best. Howie Mandel's performance is embarrassing, and the viewer can spot his fake beard a mile away. Mario Van Peebles, however, gives a good performance, as does De Quan Henderson. It is Jeremy Blackman, however, who gives the standout performance in this film. Unfortunately, Jeremy Kagan's heavy-handed direction results in a film so obviously preachy that it falls a bit flat, short of its intended mark.
 "Candy - not to be confused with the 1968 comedy of the same title.  Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish give great performances as Dan and Candy, couple in love both addicted to heroin in this small Aussie film. It is the world of the characters who say they can and will change tomorrow but they don't. Like Al Pacino in "The Panic in Needle Park, the film works as convincing portrait of the youth who has nowhere to go, who knows virtually nothing about themselves and their life except that they are slowly going down.  My 3 star rating is based solely on the authenticity of each episode, not the way they are connected to one another. Director Neil Armfield (also respected theater director) knows how to tap the depth of actors' skills, but still couldn't overcome the episodic nature of the source material. (The film is based on a book by Luke Davies who also co-wrote the script with the director). About 30 minutes in, we realize that for all the riveting turns from the actors and three-dimensional characters the film offers familiar things except the very impressive ending. Even the fantastic support (more like a cameo) from Geoffrey Rush as "chemist Casper couldn't change that.  "Candy is well-acted and often depressing, but not as devastating as "Requiem for a Dream thanks to the romantic side of the story, love-hate relation between Candy and Dan, which could have been explored more.
 I think it's always a bit tricky to translate books properly onto screen. The book this movie was based on was an okay book with some amazing parts and the movie is pretty much the same (perhaps having the writer of the book also co-write the screenplay had something to do with it).  It's a movie about despondent youth who turn to drugs for a more vibrant life and not realizing until it's too late at what cost.  There are plenty of movies with the same theme and nothing about this film stood out above the rest.  The acting was great but the movie started with Dan (Heath Ledger) and Candy (Abby Cornish) already using drugs and I never felt attached to them as characters until much later.  The viewer always assumed that Dan was the reason Candy started using but we discover that Abby's childhood was not all rosey as it first seemed and that Candy was the one more strongly dependent on drugs.  There were lots of interesting points but they were never delved into with any depth.  The movie was okay.  I'd recommend <a href="http
 Ah, the drug film. A genre unto its own, drug films tend to either a.) Portray drug addiction as a horrific nightmare ("Requiem for a Dream") b.)Use it as a tool for dark, twisted comedy ("Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas") or c.) Some combination of the two ("Trainspotting"). "Candy is clearing aiming for the a) category, portraying young Australian lovers Dan and Candy, whose lives spin out of control when they become heroin junkies.  If the subject wasn't so familiar in modern cinema, this film might have been powerful and shocking, but since so many superior films have already covered familiar territory, the film comes across as derivative at best and melodramatic at its worst. The film is clearly aiming to show how degrading drug addiction is, so we see Dan and Candy stealing, lying, living in squalor and prostituting themselves to feed their habit. Often the film goes so over the top that instead of being shocking, my reaction was more like "Oh, come on! ... the most obvious example being when Dan and Candy are left in the hospital to cuddle with their dead, stillborn baby.  What saves the film is the performances. Heath Ledger is terrific, fleshing out the lazy, self-indulgent, romantic and ultimately more practical character of Dan. (And I'm not just giving him props because of the circumstances of his recent tragic death). Geoffrey Rush also gives a fine supporting performance playing Dan and Candy's flamboyant "mentor". Abbie Cornish gives a decent performance (though not on the same level as Ledger or Rush), but her character is written as so histrionic that it's hard to imagine any actress really excelling in the role.  Overall, I'd call this a mediocre film with good performances that is probably worth a look if you're a fan of the drug film genre or of Heath Ledger.
 I might have made a mistake in reading the book first.  Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish do a fantastic job in this film, but the characters and the sences were not as developed as they were in the book, obvioulsy.  There was so much more that I kept waiting for that never came from the movie.  Things from the book that I thought would be important to the story, that couldn't fit in the 108 minutes.  I definately recommend the book over watching the movie.  <a href="http
 For this viewer, the film starts to gain momentum when Ledger tries to fake his identity on the phone and cash in on someone else's credit cards. Then, the miscarriage scene gives some force. But there is way too much predictability in the script, and fairly two-dimensional acting from the two leads. Given the girl's interest in painting and drawing, it seemed a bit inconsistent, at the scene of her breakdown, that she chose to scrawl volumes of highly charged prose poetry(far superior to her doodlings and indebted to the C19th French Symbolists) on the house walls. Her acting in these moments of heightened intensity just don't convince.I've now seen Cornish in three recent films where she plays very similar loser/confused adolescent types. Hopefully more directorial skill will lift her stakes. I've never been a Ledger enthusiast, apart from Brokeback Mountain(and not having seen his post-humously awarded role), where his inarticulateness, and internalised dilemnas were perfectly married to the intent of Ang Lee's film. That said,the parting of ways in he final cafe scene was poignantly satisfying
 While I detest watching people shoot drugs, I wanted to see this movie because of Heath Ledger.  I'd just watched <a href="http
 Is Candy a love story or a drug story?  A love story about the love of drugs?  The movie is unflinchingly honest look at a couple addicted to heroin.  The pair is played by Heath Ledger and Abbie Cornish (neither with a terribly good complexion due to their drug use).  As a whole, the movie is a montage of rather clich&eacute;d scenes of drug abuse.  You get the bad -- the crippling agony of going cold turkey, the violent rages when demanding a fix, a miscarriage and emotional pain on top of withdrawal, and so on.  There are also the rare moments of beauty, of the enjoyment of life driving in the sunlight with the top down.  The scenes are rounded out with the pure strangeness of drug havens, such as the juxtaposition of Geoffrey Rush playing Microsoft Flight Simulator while a tan cabana boy in an orange Speedo lounges in the background.  Individual scenes are compelling, moving, and shocking, but as a whole, the film doesn't leave an impression.  This is a repackaging of vignettes that have been told before (and in much better films, like Requiem for a Dream, or, on the lighter side, Spun).  Everything in Candy has been done before, and in better quality works.  This is not to say that the acting isn't first rate, or that there aren't amazing scenes. but Candy as a whole is just not a memorable film.  My cynical side wonders if the director believed that "gorgeous people ruined by drugs!!! was enough of a premise for a movie, and focused merely on scandalous scenes of drug use, rather than the film as a whole.  I'm a junkie for movies about addiction and psychological pain, so I had to watch this one, but it isn't one I'll be recommending to friends.
 I ordered this movie after Heath's death because I had not seen it and could not find it anywhere.  I was shocked throughout most of the movie.  It is soley about drug use and death.  Don't get me wrong, the acting is very good, but the language is very crude and most of the scenes are very graphic.  After I had watched it, I had kind of wished I hadn't.  I doubt I will ever watch it again.  For those of you who are avid Ledger fans, I'm not sure you would want to see this, after every thing that has happened.
 Stories about the cruel annihilation of physical, emotional and spiritual lives that follow addiction to drugs appear to be constant sources for films. If seeing the destruction of people's lives when they become addicted to drugs helps those who are on the teetering brink of trying heavy drugs to avoid the fall, then these films are well worth the making.  Yet if the constant barrage of stories such as this one fails there, then the reason for continuing this line of filmmaking is questionable and wearing. Such is the case for this very well acted, directed and produced little film from Australia.  Based on Luke Davies' novel "Candy
 I knew it would be a downer, this story.  It could have been titled, "Watch Drugs Destroy Two More Attractive People!". But there was so little character development that you didn't really care about Dan or Candy. Watching this was like watching an excrutiatingly drawn out train wreck. You weren't drawn in to the drama as it sped along it's downward spiral.  You wanted to be drawn in.  You wanted so say, "Make me care! But it never happened. Not to me, anyway.  Maybe it was not meant to appeal to viewers. Maybe it was just an "art film that told a little, grim story, and viewers could take it or leave it. I wanted to see Heath Ledger make another movie where he completely "melts into a character, like Ennis Delmar in "Brokeback", where his performance is heartwrenching and unforgettable. I hope his next movie will shine.  Sorry, this one was disappointing.
 Listen, I'll make it my point to agree with one particular reviewer who made a good point.So, this movie isn't particularly intelligent or  deep .It's not oscar worthy, and its not gonna offer up any mind blowing performances.It IS however,solid entertainment that'll give you warm fuzzies for the hour and a half it takes up. Just curl up in front of the tv when you have nothing better to do, and watch this film.Sure its lighthearted, but its feel-good, and sometimes thats just what you need.
 Director Mike Figgis followed up his triumphant  Leaving Las Vegas  with this disappointing film. Wesley Snipes takes a rare (understandbly so) turn as a dramatic actor.  Kinski attempts to resurrect her career (and fails).  Only Ming Na Wen escapes unscathed from this vacuous  drama .  Unfortunately, she is now voicing computer generated characters in  Final Fantasy - Flop .
 This routine lives up to its title - Pure and Simple.  I found this a bit too basic (and boring) even for a beginner.  She has a better strecth routine in later offerings. I returned this DVD, and now I'm looking for something a little more challenging - something that makes you feel like you've stretched and exercized when done.
 I live in Albuquerque, and I drove to Denver to catch a screening of this movie.  The trailers and promotions bill it as a Jackie Chan movie, but he really only has a supporting role.  There's one brief fight scene, but otherwise it's heavy drama and lots of guns.  And as I said, Jackie Chan is not the main, or even main supporting, actor in the movie. Several commenters said that it's only natural that there's less action since Jackie is older, and maybe that's true, but that's not my point.  My point is that JC is on the screen less than half the time, but the movie has been promoted as though JC is the star.  The film itself was well-produced, though many of the details were confusing because it's supposed to be a historical piece and I know very little about Chinese history.  It also moves rapidly, making it difficult for a casual watcher to keep track of names, dates, places, etc.  One other item to note is that the film showed in Mandarin, and Jackie Chan did not dub his own voice.  Well Go USA, the distributor, also included Mandarin as the only audio track when it released Shaolin, another recent Jackie Chan movie.  I believe that this blu ray release will feature only Mandarin and not Cantonese.  Well Go USA also edited out nearly a half hour from this version.  Some commenters suggested that the Chinese government is responsible, but I don't really know.  All I can say for sure is that this version is quite a bit shorter than the version I saw in the theater a few months ago.  Among JC's recent releases--Karate Kid, Little Big Solider, Shaolin, Shinjuku Incident--this is my least favorite, mostly because of how little JC it features.  Armour of God 3 should be fun once it arrives later this year/early next year.
 I had been looking for a good book covering Chinese history of the early 20th C, so this film caught my eye in the store. I hadn't heard of it, and can't vouch too much for verisimilitude, although it certainly looks as if a major effort was put into capturing the look and feel of the period, and to document the events (on screen, during the film). It was certainly entertaining, and I appreciated it being offered at 99 minutes, because it is an ARDUOUS FILM to process. The characters speak very fast, and talk a lot, so the subtitles go blazing past. You barely have time to see the words of one line, before another replaces it. Mercifully, the main subtitles are large and white, and easy to see against the many dark backgrounds, but their velocity is not for the headache-prone. In addition, all the characters are identified onscreen with very small Chinese and English printing, and the events transpiring are also given historical documentation (dates and explanatory text) in microprint above the main subtitles. It's like speedreading three books at once, while you are watching a movie. I have a home theater with a 10' screen, and I bought the Blu-ray, and those are the only reasons I could get through the film. Trying to watch this on a TV, even an HD TV, would be infuriating, I think. It was meant to be a theater experience, not a TV show.   I also detest chop-socky films, and this production is free of that for 98 minutes. I guess they couldn't resist putting in one ludicrously incongruent MA clown fight, the gravity and tone of the rest of the film only serving to exaggerate the inappropriateness of doing so. Imagine Kenneth Mars' Nazi character from The Producers in Schindler's List and you get the idea.   All in all, though, it is a handsomely mounted and high-minded look at a corner of history not many of us are likely to know very well. I good biography of Sun Yat-Sen would probably clarify things. My one real complaint with the serious history is that it is easy to lose track of which side you're watching during the battles. The movie moves quickly, and can be confusing. It also doesn't help that the foreigners are mostly poorly acted, cardboard characters, but they don't have much screen time.   I think the ridiculous paean to the Communist Party at the end of the film is probably just a thank you for filming in China, and no big deal. It might even be perceived as a veiled comment that the revolutionary ideals discussed at length in the film have not yet been realized.   Amplified in translation
 I'm a military history buff, not a Jackie Chan fanatic, so, I didn't expect this to be a kick fighting movie - it's not.  This movie has sweeping cinematography and absolutely epic sets and battle scenes, but it's all lost as the story telling is extremely poor and the microscopic white font story boards are absolutely impossible to read.  Even pausing the DVD, you can't read them on a regular television set because the letters are so small that anything but a high-definition television cannot seperate the pixels enough to make them readible - no joke.  The movie jumps around constantly, from the actual revolution to several years before, so if you're not paying VERY close attention, you will get lost quickly.  It also introduces FAR too many characters, most of whom don't live long enough in the movie to have seemingly even warranted an introduction.  Jackie Chan IS in this movie quite a bit, so I don't know what those complaints are about.  Chan does a fantastic job of dramatic acting in this one, not his normal fare, but he does a great job.  The problem is, he has directed and written a movie that's completely scrambled.  I LOVE historically based period movies and this one has all the ingredients to be an epic classic - however, it's so jumbled up that it's almost painful to try and watch.  Also, this IS NOT about anything "communist as some have stated, this was the 1911 revolution to establish a free Chinese Republic - NOT a communist state.  The weapons, uniforms, and battle scenes warranted three stars, but this movie needs to be doctored, spliced together in a different fashion, and have the voice overs changed by someone who knows what they're doing.  It is very poorly written, poorly directed, and very poorly edited - but, the cinematography and scenes are literally nothing short of superb.  Can't really recommend it unless you get it bargain basement, but the battle scenes would be worth it if you could buy this DVD on the cheap.
 Yet, it just does not all come together. I have seen several good Asian movies such as Brotherhood and Assembly. All of them at least have a flow to them. The dialogue is in normal speed & you can easily read all of the subtibles. This movie looks like whoever wrote it was on speed. The movie jumps around so quickly & the people speak & act way too fast. I could read about only 40% of the subtitles.  The scenes are not really tied together, the written commentary is way too small & moves far to fast. The scene should be paused until one can read it.  Frankly, this is the kind of thing that could have been avoided if the director had a close & honest friend watch the movie & suggest changes.  1911 feels like playing an old 33 record lp at 75 rpms. It simply does not work. It truly is a pity as IF more time were taken to develop the first 2/3 of the film, the action & dialogue were slowed down the film was about 20 minutes longer to tie scenes and events together, 1911 could have ended up a good film. Unfortunately, it just doesn't pan out.
 This film was made to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution or Hsinhai Revolution also called The 1911 Revolution. It was part of a series of uprisings against the last Imperial dynasty that of the Qing Dynasty. The starting point is the Wuchang uprising where Jackie Chan playing Huang Xing leads a small group to slaughter, but inspired others to become `martyrs' for the cause.  That is the historical basis for the film and the makers did try to get as much of their version of history across as possible. A lot of the reasons for the revolt were an accumulation of grievances and the out moded feudal system that still persisted by the Manchu minority ruling over the Han majority; this is not really touched upon in the film. What we do have is the work of revolutionary fund raiser Sun Yat Sen played by Winston Chao, and his efforts to thwart more foreign aid going to the Qing's coffers. There is also the internal politics and screaming self interest that goes on at the Imperial court.  All of this is balanced fairly well with lots of fighting that is done in that colour filter way to add realism and on the whole is very good. The problem here is speed and editing. Every time a new character or location appears we have small print sub titles coming up in both Mandarin and English. Not only are they nigh on impossible to read on even a large TV, they also appear for a few seconds whilst at the same time the other subs for the dialogue appear too. Even using the pause button it was still a bit of a chore.  Then we have the foreigners who are all cardboard cut outs and played by some D list drama school drop outs, they even all appear to be dubbed; which is woeful. They are presented as all detestable and rude whilst being smug and selfish, whilst all of the revolutionaries are shining beacons of self sacrifice and service to the nation. We do have some ambiguous characters but they get so little screen time that we do not get much of a chance for any intrigue to build up. Also the other characters, of which there are many, are all only bit players so little chance to get much in the empathy bank too. I feel they tried to cram too much history in and were unsure of the vehicle, so had a kind of action propaganda idea with a love interest shoe horned in between Chan and Bingbing Li.  This also appears to have been edited down from the original film from 118 minutes to 95 or so, and I have no idea why; you do get over 100 minutes of extras though. This was co-directed by Chan and he may have bitten off a bit too much, also it is painfully obvious that allowances were made for the Chinese authorities who see the 1911 revolution as the beginning of modern China, which of course it was not, as that was fought for a republic and not a centrally planned Communist system.  All of that aside this is far from being a turkey, it just could have been a lot better historically and even failing that as a film, it is too busy, too rushed and too ambitious with too many barriers to achieve that ambition. In the end we have a passable film that is part action and part political shenanigans. This has scored particularly badly on Rotten Tomatoes, in the single figures at present, but that could be because in America this was billed as a Jackie Chan movie, and it is not a martial arts fest, he only does that in one scene, and is trying to do serious drama. Whilst that is all well and good, I think next time he might want to let someone else sit in the director's chair.
 The production values in this movie are stellar. There are massive war scenes and other extremely expensive scenes, with a "cast of thousands. What kept this movie from being great was the fact that, every few minutes, there would be script in the middle of the screen explaining who certain people were and what events were happening from a historical perspective. The problem was that the script was MINISCULE - impossible to read without pausing the movie to either walk up to the screen to try to read the words, or click the "Zoom two or three times. Adding to the problem was that the subtitles were still clicking along at bottom of the screen at the same time I was trying to read the script in the middle of the screen. Even if the script was large enough, I still wouldn't have been be able to read the script and subtitles at the same time. After about 30 minutes of doing this, I finally gave up watching the movie. Way too much of a hassle. And since I would be unable to follow what was going on (being unable to read the script), there was no point in continuing. Why didn't Jackie put the script in larger letters, and show the script on a blank screen for a few seconds, temporarily stopping the action and stopping the dialogue? That way, I could have read the script, then gotten back to the action and the subtitles. It wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
 I love Julia Roberts so I enjoyed this movie.  But the plot is simple bordering on senseless.  Roberts plays a university instructor who moves from California to teach at a prestigious women's college on the east coast. The year is 1953, and her students, despite their many talents and above average intelligence, are more concerned about getting married and having a family and getting dinner on the table by 5 pm than anything else. Roberts thinks they should put their careers first. This attitude is explained by saying that Roberts is "from California, as if in 1953 women in California were feminists. California didn't become the hot seat of a new way of thinking until the hippie revolution in the late 60s.  Nor did women who went to prestigious universities in the 1950s have such little regard for a career. The head of the university is portrayed as some backward thinking foil for Roberts' progressive views, when in reality the heads of prestigious womens' universities were very progressive for their times.  So it's all kind of silly and the plot hardly  holds together. The significance of the title, "Mona Lisa Smile, is never explained. Still, if you like Roberts, and I do, you'll probably enjoy the film anyway. Just leave your brain behind when you sit down to watch it and enjoy.
 The Bottom Line
 A nice female coming of age story;a little choppy in places, a good "Chick Flick to be enjoyed on a lazy afternoon .
 I enjoyed this film but it wasent a great film to see over and over again. The charactors are likeable and the story is somewhat interesting. The story drags on at times but it has a good story and is insperational at tiems. It's not Julia Roberts best film but it's still enjoyable.
 I was prepared before seeing this to dismiss it as drivel, and in some sense it was. Although Julia Roberts was not terrible in this role by any means, I found her to be... not entirely believable in her role as a professor. Still, the kind of professor she was supposed to be and her ability to ruffle feathers and shake things up (being a more free-spirited California girl as opposed to the stuffy upper crust girls she teaches at Wellesley), that was more believable. Roberts has the kind of fired-up passion to inspire her students. More important though were the supporting cast of characters, her students, who fall into some stereotypical roles but who do so believably within the framework of the era (1950s); though being educated, they were being groomed for marriage and family life. Roberts comes along and tries to make each of them see that this was not the only option available to them. Julia Stiles and Maggie Gyllenhaal were particularly believable; Kirsten Dunst is particularly good as an insecure, spoiled witch debutante who revels in schadenfreude. I can buy that. Although there were some good moments here, and the film was fine enough, it was too much a female version of Dead Poet's Society and therefore isn't treading new artistic territory.
 I went in to this with a desire to like it and a belief that I wouldn't, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Though the concept seems a little outdated (shouldn't this have come out 30 years ago?), the strong cast kept up my belief that it was dealing with timely issues.  Indeed, I think the movie had less to do with the idea that women need to be able to pay for a room of their own and more to do with the need for greater sisterhood and the ways that women keep each other from succeeding, which was definitely put across more subtly.     The fact that it had a really good cast certainly helped it out.  Kirsten Dunst played the perfect b****, Julia Stiles the overachiever, and Maggie Gyllenhaal the s*** with a heart of gold, and though their plot lines were, for the most part, predictable, they carried their characters well and convincingly.  I liked Julia Roberts a lot more in this movie than I usually do, though her desire for support from Dominic West seemed both anachronistic with the ideas of the movie and something of a head scratcher.  Marcia Gay Harden played the saddest role in the movie very well if a little broadly, and even Tori Amos made a surprise appearance.     Unfortunately, it was just a little bit unsatisfactory, perhaps because it reckoned back to such Goliaths as To Sir, With Love and, of course, Dead Poets Society, and failed to provide anything particularly new besides an all female cast.  Still, it was better than it was made out to be, and its message was perhaps more timely now than it would have been 10 years ago.  7 out of 10.
 I really wanted to like this movie much more than I did, although I think there were several inspired performances which raised the movie from ho-hum to somewhat better than average. The biggest problem with the movie was that it has been done before, and much better
 Mona Lisa Smile starring Julia Roberts tries to be an inspiring film about young women making a difference in society but it fails to deliver that message. Robert's performance isn't so motivating especially since she's playing a college professor, her character doesn't teach the girls any valuable information, she preaches rather than giving them heartfelt advice. The supporting cast falls flat as well especially Kirsten Dunst but Gennifer Goodwin does shine in her role. Don't expect much from Mona Lisa Smile, feminisism is a more powerful tool than this film has to offer.
 I may be one of the few people who found `Dead Poets Society' ridiculously clich&eacute;d and ultimately unfulfilling.  Yes I understand that just about everyone and their mother loves that movie but I just couldn't see where the draw was.  `Mona Lisa Smile' is pretty much the all girl affiliate to `Dead Poets Society'.  You have a liberal teacher who is nothing like the tightwads that walk the school.  This time around the subject is art as apposed to poetry which is a form of art in itself.  In fact it's pretty much the same recycled experience except for one strange development.  This time it seems to work.  Not brilliantly, but `Mona Lisa Smile' is by all means a `good' film but far from a `great' one.  It captures the attention of the audience and handles some heavy matters with care and diligence, but it fails to elevate itself to perfection.  A big reason why this film works is the fact that its star, Julia Roberts, can make just about anything palatable.  Her performance is just what this film needed to make it entertaining and relevant.  Sure, this is far from her best start turn, but it is classic Roberts and it delivers on all fronts.  She's smart, commanding, witty and charming.  Roberts plays Katherine Watson, the newest addition to an all girl's college.  She immediately realizes that she is outnumbered in thought and tradition and is forced to face the fact that her presence is not truly appreciated by the staff and most of the students.  Taking place in 1953 the idea of college graduate is merely for title, not for application.  The idea that a woman would excel to be something more than a common housewife is ludicrous to these women and far from encouraged, it is shamefully discouraged.  Katherine Watson is a different bird altogether though.  She ruffles feathers as she pushes forward in encouraging her students to break away from the domineering brainwashing of society and think for themselves, think about what would make them happiest.  Her students range from the sweet natured overachiever to the shy and reserved `fat girl' to the misunderstood `loose girl' to the even more misunderstood aggressively heartless brat.  By the end of the film revelations have taken place for all of these girls and their lives are forever changed.  Julia Stiles plays Joan, the overachiever who dreams of being a lawyer yet is soon to be married.  In all due respects Julia is supposed to be our star next to the `other' Julia, but Stiles manages to get pushed to the background by her co-stars.  While her performance is decent the other three girls steel all of her thunder.  Kirsten Dunst is the epitome of evil as Betty Warren, and while this is far from her finest performance she is definitely effective.  The two standouts though are none other than Ginnifer Goodwin and Maggie Gyllenhall.  Their performances are layered and emotional and moving, and delivered with such perfection it's no wonder their careers are taking off.  The supporting performances by the likes of Marcia Gay Harden and Dominic West are effective in their own rights and take nothing away from the film, albeit not really adding anything either.  In the end `Mona Lisa Smile' is a sweet film that will touch the heart and satisfy the viewer.  It's not the type of film that moves mountains or changes lives and it's not a film that will stick with you forever but it will not leave you cold or distant.  It's good entertainment, but just don't expect it to be a masterpiece.  It is a bit clich&eacute;d and it is a bit generic.  We can all guess the ending before it comes and the revelations that face each girl are the furthest thing from original.  Like I said, this is recycling at it's best for it takes the same old thing and regurgitates it with different actors and a slightly altered setting yet it works slightly better than the original so bravo in that regard.
 Mona Lisa Smile is more about the mores of the east coast elite than art history as its name might imply.  As with many real life situations, conclusions are not drawn with crystal clarity, tending to make the viewer feel a lack of  closure.  And all of the characters do not necessarily grow as a result of their experiences; instead, they merely become aware of their own limitations.  Julia Roberts succeeds in playing the multidimensional role of the art history instructor by occasionally allowing the viewer to see the nonconforming liberal underneath the quiet and reserved historian.  The supporting actresses who play the roles of the students shine in their performances with the exception of Julia Stiles who just can't seem to sound natural in her elocution-smooth accent.  The faithful recreation of  the 1950s culture of this elite group, including fashions, home d&eacute;cor, TV programs, dances, and traditional activities of the college keep the viewer interested, as does a dynamic plot.  The main value in Mona Lisa Smile lies in the understanding of a generation of women who were taught to believe that marriage and housewifery was the only meaningful option for women of their class and that it was guaranteed to provide fulfillment.
 Better than I thought it would be. I passed this movie by at the video store for months, assuming it was probably just another romantic comedy, but perhaps far worse than average. Finally, at a loss for something to watch, I rented it, figuring my wife might like it and it might balance out all the action movies I rent that she hates.  While not a great movie, it does pretend to some substance. Julia Roberts is fun to watch in almost anything, despite my sometimes attempts to avoid her. Kirsten Dunst was more or less wasted in this film (in terms of her~hotness), which is a shame. It is a~one woman against the establishment film, and not Roberts best effort, but I fell into the groove pretty easily and dont feel all the negative reviews are justified. It is just a formula movie, but the formula is not one that is really objectionable.  -- Michael Erlewine, Founder of the All-Movie Guide (allmovie.com)
 Please, don't try to compete with 'Dead Poet's Society,' a brilliant film that should not be compared. 'Mona Lisa Smile' was okay. I feel as if I am being generous in saying that. I think that the portrayal of the times was rather accurate, however, I wasn't very satisfied with the movie overall. I wasn't quite sure how this teacher inspired all of the women in her class. They hated her and then all of a sudden, loved her. It seemed incongruent, and didn't make sense. Furthermore, I found some plot points annoying. Although I would watch it again if my mother asked me to, I would not purchase this film. Rent it instead.
 Okay, I suppose any idiot could tell that this was a chick flick based on two things
 I've just seen this movie last night and I've been moved to ponder over some of the more thought-provoking scenes for the whole of today. Julia Roberts, soon-to-be timeless Hollywood actress, never ceases to charm with her infectious smile and occasional girlish giggles a la Pretty Woman. The ensemble of up and rising young actresses however, do not get much screen time to fully explore and develop their characters. Nevertheless, this is quite a charming story. Superficially, Mona Lisa may have mirrored the much more inspiring and heart-wrenching tragedy of Dead Poets but Roberts' character is portrayed as being more self-serving. Catherine Watson, 1st year Art history teacher, came to Wellesley for the sole purpose of achieving her own purpose to make a difference and liberate the girls who are actually scared of their independence. Although her actions seem to stem from altruism, Dominic West's character rightly hits the nail on the head with the brutal truth - that Watson is really in Wellesley to see other people lead the life she really wants but never had. Choice was featured prominently in Watson's exchanges with Joan (played by Julia Stiles from 10 Things I Hate About You). Furthering one's studies and proving that a new age woman can still manage her family is Watson's ideal and Joan chooses rightly so to pursue her own ideal goal of family life instead. Ironically, Joan was the one who epitomised the ideal modern woman that Watson was fighting for - A woman who has the insight into what she really wants and what she does not and who has no regrets about her decisions about what she wants to do with her life. Joan is truly the non-conformist in this movie, refusing to conform to the traditional rituals of huge weddings, the expectations of a true-blue American wife and more importantly, Watson's expectations of a true-blue American modern woman. The other characters were sadly not given the opportunity to reflect the various gender issues and socio-political dimensions of the era other than the overused cliches of long-suffering wife with cheating husband, on-off-on-off and then on again relationships due to miscommunication (although the Men from Mars and Women from Venus pun was rather witty) and finally the self-destructing "New York Kite". Overall a charming movie saved not by Mona Lisa's Smile but Julia Roberts'. Take care of you
 but I wasn't expecting much either.  Roberts is okay - she's Julia Roberts and I gues that is really the most you can ask of her anymore.  Thankfully the girls take center-stage here and ultimately keep us interested in another one of those teachers-as-heroes films.  Dunst is quite the effective bitch here and she really does make you want to give her a smack. I really like Stiles, but she seems so contrived in this role.  Gyllenhall and Godwin are great.  Visually appealling and with a killer soundtrack (worth getting) it's not a bad way to kill a couple of hours.
 "Mona Lisa Smile is the type of female vanity piece that has to wink at its subject - in this case, smart Wellesey College girls caught in an era of intellectual oppression - to cater to the theater herd. The movie's telling a smarter story than it seems to, but it's buried underneath playing nice to all the types of women staring back from the seats.  Katherine Watson (Julia Roberts, who also produced) is a liberal California art history professor bent on suceeding at Wellesley, then (and still) one of the premier colleges solely for young women. Her reception is cold
 Personally, I didn't like this movie, don't know why my, sister wanted the DVD. Don't even know why she showed it to me and nevertheless, I'm not a big fan of Julia Roberts. This movie stinks. No other words. In my opinion it sucked. It might be good to someone else. I don't care. But am I not here to talk about the DVD? Yada yada its a great dvd. WHY? Cause I love special features. Ehh... Not really exciting special features though. yawn... Theres still one good reason to get this dvd. Its got kirsten dunst. The girl from spiderman. And any friend of spiderman is a friend of mine. (her acting sucked in this movie) (i'm not a geek or a comic book freak or a dungeons and dragons or chess player)
 In 2003, the film "Mona Lisa Smile which was a loose adaptation of the novel "The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie by Muriel Spark was released in theaters.  The film which was released a week before Christmas did quite well at the box office (considering "The Lord of the Rings
 Woman power is the theme here. Though set in 1953, most of the Seven Sisters colleges, including Wellesley, still promote this brand of education
 Hollywood hates to let a hackneyed concept go to waste and will milk one success in the genre for all it's worth.  No attempt has really been made to obscure that this Julia Roberts vehicle is an all-female remake of "Dead Poets Society with Roberts in the Robin Williams role (unless switching the discipline of the teacher from English to art history could be called obscure.)  And, as is the case with the previous film, the young actors playing the students are far more convincing as inhabitants of an earlier period (the 1950s in both cases) than the adult leads.  In 1953, young first-year instructor Katherine Watson comes all the way from the 'progressive' Left Coast to the 'repressive' East Coast to teach art history at Wellesley College.  She lacks previous teaching experience or a doctorate and is a product of a state school, but we know from her gumption and her dazzling smile that she is eminently well-qualified for the post.  Once installed in Wellesley, she encounters the requisite stock characters
 I think that this movie wants to be a film about the empowerment of women, and there is nothing wrong with this.  The Julia Roberts character is likable and does a good job of depicting the now universally acknowledged notion in the civilized world that to be a complete woman does not have to attach herself to a man to attain self-worth.  (The ending of Under the Tuscan Sun cops out on this point.) The Julia Stiles character does a good job of depicting the viewpoint that the woman who COULD  have it all  isn't automatically wrong if she chooses to marry. There were a few narrative threads that were lost, though.  The Julia Roberts character is offered a  take it or leave it  proposal by the school board about 15 or 20 minutes prior to the end of the film, and then there is no further discussion about it or even a scene where you get the idea that Ms. Watson is  thinking about it .  There is, instead a final scene where you see what her decision is, but there is no notion of how the conflict was resolved, if only in her mind.  The situation was believable from a  real life  standpoint - I'm not privy to the private thoughts of people I meet in the world either - but the great enjoyment of literature and film is the ability to  get inside the heads  of the writers or characters, and in this case I was stuck outside Miss Watson's head wondering how she arrived at her choice and how she felt about it.
 Mona Lisa smile.  Oh, goodness, what a trip.  Having gone to an all-girls high school in New England that has always been a feeder for Wellesley (and the Wellesley of today is quite different than in the 50's), I was admittedly curious about the film.  However, all my good sense told me to stay away.  I had enough feminism shoved down my throat at that school to last me a lifetime.   That said, I eventually saw the film as a captive audience member on an overseas flight.  As they jumped in to the story, all the stereotypes came screaming out of the screen to me
 Mona Lisa Smile is a movie with some heart. I say *some*, in the sense that it won't get your pulse racing with either joy or outrage, but it does have a steady pace. It is a thoughtful story about young women finding themselves and developing true friendships in an era when they were not valued beyond their marriages by the rest of society.   Julia Roberts plays a fledgling Art History instructor in her first year at Wellesley College.  This is the 1950s, so her somewhat "Bohemian politics become a source of controversy to the staff of that conservative school as well as the elitist parents of the all-female student body (personally, I didn't quite buy that angle to Julia's character; she's just too warm and sweet to pull it off).But the girls love her, as she cares about their lives and takes the time to counsel them as individuals. Meanwhile, she has romantic entanglements of her own to sort out and is finding her own way in life even as she helps her students to find theirs. Ironically, although Julia Roberts is the lead, there are some much more outstanding performances by Julia Stiles and Kirsten Dunst.  I enjoyed the somewhat nostalgic look back at the `50s styles and the feeling of innocence in those times.  The students and their instructors face realistic life challenges in this story - what will I do with my life, who am I, what is true love, and when am I really a grownup? - that we can all relate to.  These are the best reasons to see this movie from my point of view. The paranoia of communism and the general oppression of that decade are also explored, perhaps a bit much in my opinion. Marriage is presented as detrimental to the freedom and individualism of the women who get  trapped  into it.  There is a statement being made by this story, which practically shouts itself at the audience "Isn't it great that women's rights have come so far since then?!?  Yes, indeed it is great that we have so many more choices now.  I just wish the feminist agenda wasn't so heavyhanded, so obvious here.   So, go see this movie for the warm look back at America's last days of innocence and politically correct conservativism.  See it because you like stories of young women coming of age.  Expect to have a nice time with no huge highs or lows emotionally. -Andrea, aka Merribelle
 Julie Roberts portrays Katherine Watson an Art History Professor beginning her first year of teaching at the prestigious Wellesley College in the Fall of 1953.  As a Native of California she moves to New England for what she believes to be a great opportunity to teach other women.  What she finds is a great invisible wall that divides her from her students by breeding and class not to mention ideals.  Katherine Watson is energized by individuality and free thinking.  Her students are driven by social status and the goal of marriage.   The Wellesley students are all young women of high society.  Their main focus in life is to find the perfect husband, live in the perfect house and have an "x number of children.  They are instructed on how to help their future husbands advance in their careers versus having one of their own.  They are schooled in taking a back seat to everyone and everything. The theme of feminism is not missed here.  Watson poignantly points out to her students that women have made various educational advancements only not to advance on a personal level.  More education has merely placed more pressure on women to become what society deems the perfect wife and mother in her fancy dress, high heels and pearls will vacuuming the house and having dinner at 5.  Watson wants the girls to see their own potential.  Mona Lisa (Watson's nickname due to being an Art teacher) is just a few generations ahead of her time.
 When I first saw the trailer of the movie, I was expectiong a female version of The Dead Poets' Soceity, if not, The Emperor's Club. However, after watching it, the movie is not even close to be compared to their male counterparts. I am not saying school movies about females are worse than ones about males. What I am trying to say here is that if the movies are about female students, there are issues to talk about. Technically speaking, the direction and script will be more challenging in order to strike a balance. If this job is handled well, another great movie will be produced; if not, the movie will just become a flop, like Mona Lisa Smile. This movie is too aggressive and the plots centres on too many characters, which confuses the audience on thinking about or even locating the pivot of the movie - the teacher, Katherine Waston (Julia Robets) or her students? The movie was set in the early 1950s, when the Second World War had finished for almost ten years and women were trying to find new roles in a society. The students in a traditional school were molded to be conservatives and traditionalists. Katherine Watson, as a bohemian, appeared and showed them new angles of looking at art and their lives. Her students did the pre-reading of the class and knew very well about the syllabus. Katherine, amazed and stunned by this, introduced contemporary art into the class. With this, she emphasized the destined roles of women should not be marriage anymore. Despite her effort, many of her students still sought refuge in marriage and romance, even herself. Half of the movie talked about her enlightenment on gender stereotypes, but everything seems to be futile and unfruitful when we see one student getting married after another. The movie fails to show the impact of Katherine Waston as a teacher on the students' lives. Even if the impact is a failure (as in The Emperor's Club), it still has to show her ideas fail. In other words, Katherine Waston and her students appear on screen as two separate entities. The movie is a jungle path through which it is trying to find its focus, and so is the audience. The movie wastes the excellent cast - to a certain extent, I think Marcia Gay Harden is a miscast. She is the kind of emotionally rich and overflowing actress who took up Pollock and Mystic River. Her constraits in emotional expressions and manners fail to convince the audience. If the movie is made by a female director, things may be different. Another condition - if I was not a school teacher, I would not have given a pass for the movie.
 My wife loved this movie but I thought it was only a 5 out of 10 at best.  Julia Robert's lips annoy me to no end and her character in this film simply didn't ring true to me nor did any of the other characters, because they all seemed to be so exaggerated.  I was in college during this period and while things were a great deal more conservative than they are today I don't recall them as being as conservative and uptight as this film portrays.  None of the girls I dated during this period felt that their future was tied to some man.  In fact several of the girls (women) that I knew and dated during this period went on to have significant careers (and marriages).  I cannot believe that any mother would expect her daughter to stick by a philandering jerk like this film would have you believe.  Julia Robert's character was there to teach art history but seems more focused on getting her feminist agenda across than doing her job.  Furthermore her view of art seemed rather narrow much like teaching music appreciation by focusing exclusively on Rock.  I thought she should have been fired for failing to teach the subject.  I also couldn't or didn't understand the affair between her and the smarmy philandering teacher who was bedding his students.  Even a blind man could have seen from the outset what this man was like and a feminist like Robert's was supposed to have been would not have tolerated him for a minute.  In fact, reporting him to the administration would have been more in character.  Overall I thought the film was entertaiing and I watched it to the end.  As I said my wife loved this film and thought it portrayed life as she knew it during this period.  Not being a woman maybe it did, but for me the entire film was exaggerated and unbelievable.  Julia Robert's looks like she has fish lips -- very annoying to me, but that is just personal.
 I'm a little late with my review here - I went to see this one at the theater when it came out, just because I'd heard Tori Amos was going to be in it. Too bad her screen time was less than five minutes, and you have to buy the soundtrack to hear the entire songs ("You Belong to Me and the witty "Murder He Says"). She looked and sounded as gorgeous as always, though it was odd to see her singing away from a piano. I bought the soundtrack and liked some of the other songs on it as well.  Julia Roberts' character was kind of annoying. Hmmm, having an affair with a lying womanizer doesn't seem like the feminist thing to do...just a tad hypocritical.
 While a bit formulaic, MONA LISA SMILE manages to escape the chains of the "inspiring teacher format, if only for short periods of time.  During these moments, we feel as if we are glimpsing something real, a teacher who is not invincible, who does not know everything, etc.  Like many films about teaching these days, the plot suffers from a dual burden
 Here's the skinny
 Here is the setting
 "I thought I was headed to a place that would turn out tomorrow's leaders, not their wives.  It would be easy to say "here we go again with this film, because Mona Lisa Smile follows much of a plot we have all seen many times before. It is yet another take on the "good-hearted yet radical and initially misunderstood teacher making a difference to the lives of troubled students while battling the stiff-upper lips of the conservative school establishment story. Heard it all before haven't you? It's The Emperor's Club at a pinch and Dead Poets Society without a doubt, but with one major difference. This time it's girls in the main roles of teacher and students. A sort of "Dead Poets for chicks if you like. It's even set in the 1950s New England area of America in an ultra-conservative and extremely well-to-do college, so the parallels with the Peter Weir classic of 1989 are uncanny. A pretty decent ensemble cast has been gathered for this film with the likes of Julia Roberts, Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Marcia Gay Harden all playing major roles, while directing duties are handled by Mike Newell, the bloke responsible for Four Weddings and a Funeral and Donnie Brasco among others.    Julia Roberts stars as Katherine Watson. She has just arrived at the elitist Wellesley College in Massachusetts to teach art history to the bevy of wealthy young ladies who attend the college. Katherine is in her early 30s, is single, and hails from California. She carries with her a slightly new-age way of looking at things. This is probably the most implausible aspect of the film since her character seems more like a late 60s model of woman rather than the 1953 version. Anyway, she lands at the famous college for young ladies to teach the history of art, and from day one realises she is in for more than she initially expected.  The girls enrolled in her first class are all completely versed in practically everything she tries to teach them in the first lesson. It seems they have learnt their textbooks by rote and are simply looking for an easy pass in this most boring of subjects. It doesn't take long before Katherine realises with some angst that most of the girls attending the college are merely biding their time before they get married to some eligible young beau, most probably from neighbouring Harvard University. Wellesley is merely a finishing school disguised as a college, she laments. This theory is reinforced when she learns there are even lessons for the girls on such subjects as grooming and deportment, manners, and incredibly, how to stage a dinner party properly. But Katherine wants to fight these archaic traditions and so tries to open the girls' minds to some alternative ways of looking at things (such as modern art), and also raises the possibility of them pursuing other things after they leave the college - such as going to law school. It is this latter point that she presses home with the incredibly bright Joan (Julia Stiles), who is intelligent enough to pursue a law career, but has not looked past the fact that she will hopefully be married and caring for her new husband when she leaves college. At the same time Katherine manages to exact the venom of another student and editor of the school newspaper, Betty Warren (Kirsten Dunst). Betty is about to be married and cannot possibly imagine why Miss Watson would be campaigning for her students to be thinking of anything other than a home, a husband and a family. Her vitriolic attacks in the paper attract the attention of the faculty, and worse, the alumni, which includes Betty's mother and seems all-powerful at making staffing decisions for the school. Katherine is also feeling the wrath of the faculty when she starts to become romantically involved with the Italian professor, Bill Dunbar (Dominic West) which is just one of a fair handful of romantic liaisons that form the basis of this story. Can Katherine make the girls see the error of their way and convince them to see past a life tied to the kitchen and vacuum cleaner? And can she do this before she gets the boot from the conservative and staid school establishment? Well you'll just have to watch to find out.  There isn't much original about this story at all - we've seen it all before and truth be told in a much better way. I remember walking out of the cinema after seeing this and wondering just how do scriptwriters get away with lifting so much material and inspiration from another film. It is really quite obvious that Dead Poets Society has formed the core of this script idea, but for some reason all the really good bits of that film, the pure agony of being a teenager and living with parental expectations - the emotional centre if you like - has been removed. What we are left with is a rather pedestrian, by-the-numbers film that will entertain, but will hardly make anyone think too hard.
 This is basically what is called by guys worldwide a  chickflick . Apart from that, it's an alright film. It's based in the fifties, with a bunch of girls who are at  finishing school , and get to take days off just because they're married. And the teachers etc, turn a blind eye!  There's a great cast in this, including of course Julia Stiles, mega-watt grin Julia Roberts, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Kirsten Dunst playing only what can be described as not a very nice girl. The actresses are great, and really dress, act and sound like they're playing fifties gals. I'm not quite sure who my favourite character was. Maybe Giselle (Maggie Gyllenhaal). She was the one who basically slept around. I really did think she was going to be the one who ended up pregnant, but she never did. (She was also given contraception by a member of staff, who in turn got sacked!) There are quite a few scenes where she looks almost teary, and says to the teacher she had a fling with that they  needed to talk . But this storyline never seems to go anywhere.  The extras are OK on this DVD, there are some fascinating statistics about girls/colleges then and now. The statistics are really mindblowing. Apart from that, you've got an Elton John music video, a couple of standard featurettes, and not much else. This is a good film, despite being a little too long, and tedious. If you can sit through it to actually review guys, you must have liked some aspect of it!
 This movie is...ok.  Julia Roberts and her other castmates shine but that's pretty much a given.  None of the characters were very well developed, except for maybe Kirsten Dunst's character.  Julia's character comes from bohemian California to stuffy, snooty Wellesley College in New England, where she is initially rather put-off by the cattiness of the students and faculty on one end, then the high intellectual aptitudes of her students on the other end.  I thought that in many place Julia's character stuck out like a sore thumb, in her hippie clothes and such...she looked just like she stepped from the pages of Us Weekly right into the movie.  Let's remember, we're talking about 1953...not 1963.  Her character is frustrated by the fact that she is dealing with some of the brightest girls she's ever met, yet their only aspirations seem to be to marry well.  She's afraid that all of her students will end up with a  Mona Lisa smile , smiling on the outside, but not really happy.  All in all I thought this was a neat movie, it was not well-rounded but it's unlike anything else that's out right now.  Be forewarned, it is a chick flick.  I have no idea who the guy is that played Julia's boyfriend from California but he was totally miscast.  He looked like he was old enough to be her father, and they had absolutely zero chemistry.  This made her  engagement  dilemma a little hard to feel.  This movie could have been so much better, especially with such a powerhouse cast...it would have been nice to see Julia's character interact more with her students...at the end when they're all running after her crying, it's a little hard to understand why.  Perhaps because she made them think like no one else had.  Still, we as viewers are left guessing, because it's not made obvious in the film.  This role was not a stretch for Julia, in some areas it felt like she was basically playing herself ( I figure I'll get married someday, but I'm not going to plan my life around it ...haven't I read that in People Magazine before??).  The faculty members (a lesbian is thrown in there for good political correctness), the students, the music, almost everything was right on the money for this time period...except of course, for the star of the show.
 "Mars
 My husband and I watched this movie one evening.  This is a difficult and frustrating movie to finish~If in real life you treat everyone in your family with equal amounts of love.  You might want to pre-view this first before watching it for family night.  Although it has good lessons. The way the parents have raised their girls is kind of messed up!  We chose not to show it to our children after previewing it.
 Chris has grown up with the show he must be going through puberty, his voice sounds very different now.  I loved the first 2 seasons but I must say season 3 is little slow pace and not as fun as the first two.  They have developed a several characters in the show (babershop boys, homeless guy, etc) but I personally dont find them funny at all.  I think the dad & mum are great though, brilliant actors!
 Though "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair and "The Yukon Affair are something like a two part episode, "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair appeared in UNCLE's first season while "The Yukon Affair appeared in UNCLE's second season. If you read on you'll find out why I'm only giving this volume only 3 stars. Episode 27 "The Gazebo in the Maze Affair The movie is a story of two sisters who have personalities on the opposite ends of the Bell Curve.  One is a career-focused workaholic lawyer, Rose Feller (Toni Collette),  who is drab and slightly plump.  Rose has one weakness of wonderful, colorful expensive shoes she can always fit, but never wears outside her apartment.  She also likes to fill her fridge with delicious Haagen-Dazs Ice Cream.  She has a younger sister, Maggie (Cameron Diaz) who is blond, tall, shapely, beautiful, dyslexic, binge drinker, and seductress.  Her sister Ruth is constantly rescuing her from parties, high school reunions, and one night stands.  Maggie also likes to borrow Rose's shoes - and wears them outside the home.  The movie opens with a rescue by Rose returning her to her parent's home.  The stepmother has had enough of Maggie's irresponsible behavior and throws her out of the house.  Rose takes her to her home.  Rose soon tires of Maggie's behavior, irresponsibility and failure to find a steady job.  The last straw is a heart-wrenching betrayal . Maggie seduces Rose's new and only love in many years.  He also was her immediate supervisor at the law firm.  Rose throws Maggie out of her home.  She is also so traumatized she quits the law firm she had dedicated her life to.  She survives and learns who really cares for her.  She also falls into a dog-walking job and finds true love with another lawyer she used to work with.  Maggie, looking for money to survive goes through her father's drawer and finds a bunch of hidden letters from her grandmother.  She thought the grandmother did not care about her or her sister so opens each one - a birthday card with notes of love and hope to see her.  Because she has no where else to go, she travels to Florida to see her maternal grandmother (Shirley McClain) in a Florida Retirement Community.  She wants to milk her for financial help but finds a new view on life.  It is amazing how Maggie learns to grow into a mature woman and the retirement community is a hoot.  The grandmother also wants to see Rose and finds Maggie is hesitant - so looks through her purse and contacts Rose to come visit as well.  The family secret of how and why their mother died is revealed and faced as the sisters remember the fun they had together.  After the grandmother and sisters  reunite they realize how they need and love each other and how important facing the harsh truth and forgiving is..  It is a good story for both men and women.  The family drama and laughs are honest and give us valuable lessons on growth and facing life's challenges.
 This story of two sisters--one the stereotypical workaholic and the other the cliched party girl--is touching in its way, though rather predictable and preachy.  The characters talk way too blithely and easily about emotional things.  A better film would have approached such conversations obliquely.  Whenever characters start telling each other how they feel in terms too open and like they're out of a psychology textbook, I can't help but wince.  That said, the acting is above par (Collette in particular does a marvelous job--as always--though she's been in many a better film than this one). MacLaine gives her usual off the cuff, yet multi-layered performance, and Diaz is well cast as the wild sister.  If you want a movie that touches on important family and personal issues without delving into them too deeply or realistically (e.g. everyone ends up friends, happy, all their probelms resolved)then this is the film for you.
 Rose (Toni Collette) is a slightly (very slightly) overweight lawyer in a large firm in Philadelphia, who buys an inordinate number of designer shoes. Her younger sister Maggie (Cameron Diaz)is a tall blonde loser, who wears the same shoe size, but doesn't like to keep much else covered up.  She's a slow reader, liar, thief, conniver, slob, and drinks and parties a lot. She can't or won't keep a job, she has no sense of morals or responsibilites, and she thinks the world owes her. When Rose gets tired of her mooching and kicks her out of her apartment, Maggie decides to stab her in the back in the worst way.  Okay, then a lot of good things happen and everything gets straightened out. But - the discrepancies
 Let's get this out of the way
 Toni Collette and Shirley Maclaine are great actresses. Cameron Diaz is believable here, but how hard is it to play a ditzy blonde, anyway? (For a great Cameron Diaz performance, see Things You Can Tell By Just Looking At Her.) So, the performers are up to the task. The script does not overdo it -- it doesn't veer off into unbelievability anywhere.  The only thing to complain about is the pace, the overall low energy level that continues on throughout the movie. Even the scenes that should be dramatic, like the older sister walking in on her boyfriend cheating on her with her younger sister, seem to have less impact and excitement than they ought.  I'm not one who minds movies with little action -- one of my favorites is My Dinner With Andre, consisting of two people having a two-hour dinner conversation. In Her Shoes just drags. Not horribly, but it drags.  If you have the patience, this is a pleasant movie. But I think it could have been so much better if it had been shortened by 25%.
 It's not a bad movie, I just lost interest half way through. I don't understand how then came up with this name for the movie.
 My problem with "In Her Shoes was that I read the witty and touching novel, a respectable bit of chick lit by Jennifer Weiner, not long before I saw the movie. The book made me laugh, mostly due to Rose's biting sense of humor; the movie didn't. (Although, in its defense, it's considered a drama and perhaps wasn't supposed to.)  Normally, I like Toni Colette as an actress. I thought she was brilliant as the the mother of the troubled "I see dead people kid in The Sixth Sense. But I didn't like her as Rose Feller, one of the two sisters whose disagreements and unshakeable bond form the core of this story. The acting is fine; it's the casting and writing I take issue with. First of all, Rose is overweight in the book, and this lies at the heart of her self-esteem issues. While Toni Colette did gain (and consequently lose) 25 pounds for the role, an oversized butt does not a serious weight issue make. And Colette's part in the movie is far too serious to do the Rose Feller of the book justice. The "real Rose compensated for her low self-image with a truly charming and self-deprecating sense of humor. This just didn't show in the film.  Cameron Diaz, while not one of my favorite actresses, makes a decent Maggie. Brook Smith (you might remember her as the serial killer's captive in Silence of the Lambs) does a great job as Rose's best friend, Amy, although I think her part could have been played up a bit more. Mark Feuerstein is charming as Simon Stein, although perhaps he's a little too charming. The Simon in the book was short and portly--not exactly Rose's ideal guy--and his efforts to win Rose over endear him to the reader. Feuerstein's portrayal of Simon makes him so cute you wonder why Rose didn't go for him in the first place.  The actress who truly shines in this movie is Shirley MacLaine as the girls' estranged grandmother, Ella Hirsch. Her dignified and decidedly low-key performance shows more poise and control than many of her more flamboyant roles of the past. MacLaine marvelously handles Ella's well-concealed grief over the loss of her mentally ill daughter (Rose and Maggie's mother) and her the resulting distance that loss placed between herself and her granddaughters.  There was some essential rewriting done in the novel-to-screenplay conversion, but overall it isn't too jarring. Instead of Maggie running away and hiding out on the Princeton University campus before heading off to find her long-lost grandmother in Florida, Maggie cuts right to the chase and heads to Miami immediately after a falling out with Rose. Instead of getting some smarts due to squatting in the campus library and attending lectures so she can blend in by pretending to be a student, Maggie discovers poetry via an elderly professor in the Miami nursing home for which she works. I found myself not minding this change, and Maggie's relationship with the aged professor was actually more touching than her skulking around Princeton could have been.  Overall, I think those who haven't read the book will find In Her Shoes a respectable chick flick. It hit its mark and left me sniffling and dabbing my eyes. What was missing, though, was the laughter. Jennifer Weiner's books will make you laugh, despite dramatic subject matter--the movie, unfortunately, will not.
 Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is this lying, backstabbing, mooch sister.  Diaz's sister (Rose) is a successful lawyer.  Apparently this movie shows how Diaz evolves and becomes a better sister, and how Rose stops being so uptight and learns to live life. Personally, if I was Rose, I would never forgive Maggie.  The Maggie character is a burden on Earth.  Most of the movie is able to hold the viewer's attention but some parts are kind of boring.  In Her Shoes is ok to watch once.  I must have had high expectations because this movie did not live up to them.
 while the Movie went into alot of areas from to time&couldn't make up it's mind if it was gonna be serious or funny there was a good story line about the relationship of two sisters,there father&there grandmother. the film kinda flip-flopped on certain issues&things,but the film was alright.Cameron Diaz did alright. Shirley Mclaine was alright though she has been playing the same role since She did"Terms of Endearment".this film had some good things going for it.
 I was a bit disappointed after watching In Her Shoes. It was pretty good, but not what I expected. Fairly predictable. Two sisters bonding with each other and their grandma. One gets married, one learns the meaning of life- and it doesn't have to include premarital relations. Not a movie for kids or a young teenager.
 I liked 'In Her Shoes', there are some funny lines in the movie,  but too much time was spent at the retirement home where Maggie  goes to mooch off her grandmother in Florida, and it slowed  down the movie and made it somewhat boring. I felt like  I was watching an episode of the 'The Golden Girls' most of  the time. I felt the relationship between Maggie and her sister should been the primary focus of the film, not the relationship  between the estranged grandmother and the girls.  Cameron Diaz is her usual adorable, irresistable self, and the  rest of the cast is good. I would like to see Hollywood give  Cameron a chance to do a dramatic role to see if she has the versatility to do comedy and drama like Meg Ryan.
 This movie is based on Jennifer Weiner's book of the same name. I enjoyed In Her Shoes, but since I read the book before I saw the movie I was dissapointed in the movie because of the noticable differences between the two.  The story-line is the same Rose and Maggie are sisters that have nothing in common, but their shoe size, but after a parting of the ways they find that they have to mend fences when the grandmother that they thought was dead ends up very much alive and well and living in Florida. Very good acting by Toni Collet and Cameron Diaz.
 If you read the book you'll want to see it thought it wasn't as good as the book.  Cameron Diaz played her part well.
 This movie is a chick-flick of the highest order, focusing on the difficulties and underlying love between the hot sister Cameron Diaz and the homely sister Toni Collette.  Many over-the-top emotional scenes designed to make women cry.  Certainly redeems itself with many shots of Miss Diaz in skimpy bikinis.  Watch it with your wife or girlfriend.  She'll love it that you volunteered to do a girl movie tour of duty and hopefully you can use that to get lucky.
 I added this to my netflix queue on a whim as I was browsing 'New Releases'. And I would like to say that I was pleasantly surprised by how charming this movie was.  It is the story of two sisters. Cameron Diaz plays the spunky getting-drunk-sex-in-the-bathroom sister. While Toni Colette plays the plain jane successful sibling. Sounds like a over-used plot, right ?  It is indeed so. But this movie is evidence that in the hands of a good director even the simplest of plotlines can produce standout movies. Curtis Hanson ("8 Mile , "LA Confidential") does a superlative job of ensuring that the movie doesn't walk the cliched lines (pun intended).  One of the best scenes in the movie, is when a blind professor gets the slightly dyslexic Diaz to read a beautiful poem by Elizabeth Bishop and explain what it means. The beautiful way in which he prods and coaxes Diaz into doing this, goes to show the amount of skill and patience required for teaching.  Most people would be quick to label this as a chick flick. Well, if having two female leads makes a movie a chick flick, so be it. I, a heterosexual man, am glad to say that I really enjoyed this 'chick flick'.
 Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette star as the Feller sisters
 "In Her Shoes features Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette as two of the unlikeliest sisters imaginable.  One (I'll let you guess which) is a promiscuous, perpetually unemployed alcoholic who is drifting aimlessly through life, while the other is an uptight Plain Jane who spends most of her time working at her job or finding her fulfillment in cheap romance novels largely because she doesn`t believe she deserves to be loved.  Even though they were apparently close as children, the two have grown apart of late, separated by the vast differences in their personalities and views on life.  When Rose (Collette) finally kicks Maggie (Diaz) out of her house, Maggie travels to Florida to stay with the grandmother (played by Shirley Maclaine) whom she hasn't heard from since the suicide of the girls' mentally ill mother many years before.  (One perplexing inconsistency in the screenplay involves the fact that Maggie, the younger sister, somehow knows she has a grandmother living in Florida, while Rose, the older, has no knowledge of the woman's existence at all).  Although it is overlong and occasionally languid in its pacing, "In Her Shoes is a fun movie to watch, primarily for the rich performances of the three leading ladies, who throw their hearts and souls into the characters.  They help to compensate for a certain contrivance in the plotting and the lack of conflict that results from Rose and Maggie being, for long stretches of time, in different parts of the country.  During the course of the story and through their interactions with others, the two young women eventually wind up acknowledging the hopeless direction their lives have taken and set out to rectify the situation, ultimately coming to embrace the indissoluble bond they share as sisters.  Based on the novel by Jennifer Weiner, the film, written by Susannah Grant and directed by Curtis Hanson ("LA Confidential, "8 Mile"), feels too artificial at times to be taken very seriously, but the actresses, professionals all, bring it home anyway.
 Warning, contains some spoilers  Ads for In Her Shoes make it look fun, but it's a family drama.  It is not unlike Terms of Endearment but with less sturm and drang.  Poised for a comedy, I instead saw an opening scene of a character retching in a toilet stall.  There was a plotline of attempted rape that I didn't want to behold.  The movie's opening scenes were slow and feeble, but it got better later.  After hating the movie for being falsely advertised, I eventually got into and found it to be a moving family drama.  It's a strange bait and switch, because the audience for a romantic comedy would seem to be similar to that for a family drama.  If you saw the ads you saw a lot of the sexy, funny, romantic comedy moments the film contains.  There are more, but not a lot more.  It's basically family drama and some wit and comedy mixed in.  The actors all do a good job.  Shirley MacLaine turns in a restrained, dead on performance as an elderly relative.  You get the feeling that her life experience came together perfectly with this part.  The director has a special fondness for Cameron Diaz's but.  It gets a lot of camera time.  It is a great but.  In Her Shoes is a good enough family drama that manages to be affecting.  There are some nice touches.  If you look at it, there are also things that are tired or don't make sense.  Most people who like this kind of movie could enjoy it anyway, at least now, with the crop of dogs we`ve been having.  I didn't understand why they made Mark Feuerstein wear glasses and slicked back hair.  He can look sexy, but that wasn`t a good look for him.  Maybe it has something to do with his character's description in the book.  I don't understand how Toni Collette's character can stand his character's behavior in restaurants, let alone date him.  The plot hinges on Collette's character being overweight and feeling undeserving because of it.  Specifically, she feels undeserving to wear the sexy high-heeled shoes she buys and puts in her closet.  I'm not sure I buy that one, (thongs, yes--shoes, no).  It comes from the book, obviously.  It certainly provides the title and many of the plot mechanics.  Toni Collette seems to be the go to girl when it comes to characters that are unfortunate or less than svelte.  Can't the movie industry find another actress who is capable of playing these parts?  For one thing, even though she gained weight for the part, she still probably weighed less than the average American woman.  For another, having slim actresses gain weight to play all fat parts in movies is the equivalent of having white actors wear blackface to play black characters.  I am sick of it.  There are good actors of size that need employment.  Put them on screen.  I didn't read the book that this movie was based on.  I believe that since most people who watch this movie will not have read the book, reviewing it from their perspective is valid.  People who have read the book may have a different take on the movie than I did.  ___________________________________  What do you think of all these overweight characters being played by skinny actors who gain weight or wear fat suits?  Can you name any talented actors of size that should get parts in movies?  You can discuss this by clicking on the link below.  __________________________________  Cerulean writes for &lt;a href="http
 On the whole, it's a pretty good adaptation, but movie adaptations often fail to live up to novels simply because you as the reader control the reading, or at least the one you hear in your head.  So there were several things about the movie that  bothered me.  Toni Collette is much too polite as Rose when she's kicking Maggie out of the apartment, although that's probably partly the fault of the scriptwriter, who drastically cut what Rose actually said at this point, and made it much more politically correct.  This was where I wanted to hear Rose vent a lifetime's worth of resentment and anger, just as she did in the novel. Plus, they left out the bit about the shoes at this point, which injected a note of humor even into this most fraught part of the book.  Plus this skewed the balance between the two characters.  Although, somehow, in the movie version of anything, it always ends up being about whoever is the most photogenic.  Not so in the book, which is really about both sisters equally.  But my main problem with this movie is, where are all the Jews?  Somehow we're supposed to believe that Cameron Diaz (who despite her name, actually looks Swedish), Shirley MacClaine, and Ken Howard are all Jewish.  I think Toni Collette does the best job of seeming Jewish, and of the actors playing major characters, I think Mark Feuerstein is the only one who actually IS Jewish. The rest of them don't quite manage it--I got no sense that these other actors either grew up speaking Yiddish (for the ones of the appropriate ages for this) or had immediate ancestors who did, that they felt the wrench of being automatic aliens because they practice a different religion than most of the rest of the country, or the automatic constant second-guessing of oneself that comes with a religious tradition entirely based on the Golden Rule.  Gotta have that yiddishe kvetch. . .
 Director Curtis Hanson has easily flitted between genres, going from the film noir of "L.A. Confidential to the gritty urban drama of "8 Mile with rapper Eminem. So it comes as no surprise to find him handling a family drama about the strained relationship between two sisters who are poles apart.  Cameron Diaz is Maggie Feller, the gorgeous, severely dyslexic party animal who can never hold down a job because she's too busy having a good time. Toni Collette is her elder sister Rose, the plain, Princeton-educated straight arrow lawyer with an almost non-existent love life.  Matters come to a head when Maggie is thrown out her father's home and moves in with Rose, only to end up bedding the man her sister is seeing.  Thrown out of Rose's home just after she becomes aware of the existence of long-lost grandmother Elle (Shirley MacLaine), Maggie heads off to Miami to touch base with her and maybe shake her down for some money.  Rose, disillusioned with her life, decides to give up her high-profile job with a law firm and become a "part-time dog walker and errand runner while she discovers herself.  Oh yes, there are some other skeletons in the Feller family closet - turns out the sisters' mother committed suicide and their father never got along with Elle.  Thereafter, the movie settles into tracking the parallel lives of the two sisters - Rose as she finds romance with former colleague (Mark Feuerstein) and Maggie as she learns about real life from inhabitants of the retirement community that Elle is a part of.  If all of the above makes you think "chick flick", perish the thought. Curtis Hanson is far too smart a filmmaker to craft anything like that, and he is helped tremendously by Susannah Grant's smart and literate script.  Witty repartee and one-liners come thick and fast, especially from the two sisters.  There is also a good turn by veteran actor Norman Lloyd as a dying old man who helps Maggie learn to read.  But "In Her Shoes is too languorously paced for its own good, and some of its relaxed moments meant to establish the characters could easily have been trimmed. There also isn't enough of MacLaine, who perfectly nails her role as the guilt-ridden grandmom.
 "In Her Shoes could have so easily been a disastrous film.  If it had stuck to the formula of being a comedy about two very different sisters, the result would have fallen flat.  To the extent that it also makes a careful study of human relations and how the generations can and do drift apart, the film rises above the dreary and pursues a path less travelled.  The two sisters are played by Toni Collette as the stuffy and less than beautiful one and Cameron Diaz as the ditzy blonde.  Their differences only serve to antagonise the other.  Indeed, the differences do ultimately reach breaking point and they go their separate ways.  Their eventual reconciliation is touching.  The film's credibility revolves around this very point.  The result is a success.  The director deserves credit for holding together a difficult formula that could have readily fallen flat.
 This review assumes that you have read the book and may have spoilers for the book/movie if you haven't.  I thought the screenwriter did a good job of adapting the book for the screen. The book is really long and a lot had to be trimmed and condensed to make the movie, which still ended up being two hours and eleven minutes long. I thought the choice to leave out Maggie going to Princeton was a good one - I found that part of the book to be unrealistic anyway.  I agreed with most of the casting choices. The main casting choice I didn't like was Cameron Diaz as Maggie. The scenes where she is trying to read a book to a man in the nursing home she works in are awful. I didn't find her believable as someone who has a learning disability. Actually, I don't think she's that great of an actress in general.  I know that some people thought Toni Collette was too thin to play Rose, but I wouldn't have expected them to cast a plump actress. Unfortunately that's just not how Hollywood movies work. Shirley MacLaine was wonderful of course - she was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Ella Hirsch.  Incidentally, when Jennifer Weiner spoke at the BEA Bloggers convention, she mentioned that she was really happy with how the movie had turned out. She strikes me as someone who would let the world know if she wasn't happy with it so I think she was telling the truth. It's always nice to hear that an author is satisfied with the screen adaptation of their book - it must be hard to let go of control over your characters and story.  If you liked the book In Her Shoes then I think you will enjoy the movie as well. I think fans of romantic comedies will enjoy this movie even if they haven't read the book.
 MR. LUCKY  is a delightful and stylish crime series that aired for only one season ('59/'60) and starred the dashing John Vivyan as "Mr. Lucky joined by his partner and friend "Andamo (played by Ross Martin). On October 16, 2012, Timeless Media Group will release this black and white series, in its entirety, with all 34 (30 minute) episodes on four discs.  Mr. Lucky is an honest professional gambler who wins a plush floating casino, the ship "FORTUNA", and uses it as his base of operations, staying beyond the 12-mile limit, where he could operate a gambling ship legally. Mr. Lucky plays host to a variety of people, all of whom make use of his luxurious facility. The business brings him into contact with numerous criminals and people hiding from criminals. (This continues even after Lucky changes his business to a floating restaurant, later in episode 16.) It's nice to see this series finally get a release to the DVD format.  PRINCIPLE CAST JOHN VIVYAN - "Mr. Lucky ROSS MARTIN - "Adamo TOM BROWN - "Lt. Rovacs PIPPA SCOTT - "Maggie  The special guest stars will include
 Overall the product is exactly the show you'd expect. But the recording on file has 2-3 minute dead spots where the commercials were. This isn't drawn from the disc editions, it's drawn from the TV masters.
 The only time you'll see tracks on anyone's arms here is when they are unceremoniously run over by a mid-18th century horse cart. First time director Jake Scott (read
 This movie is highly enjoyable action and adventure. Miller and Carlyle are an excellent team and manage to give really good performances with a  less-than-excellent script. Some of the period detail is extremely  interesting (what period detail there is). The reason I gave it three stars  instead of four are
 I'm going to call this volume the staff's "artistic phase". From start to finish, this volume was meant to be a metaphorical mind trip and it succeeds on many levels. While this certainly impressed me, it'll be interesting to see how much it impresses the general audience. This volume takes us into some very interesting places just to develop Honoka and introduce a new character and small plot hook but I completely enjoyed it none the less. While this series has been a little slow to grow on me, this volume has me quite anxious to see what happens in the second half and what else we're going to learn about our heroine. This is possibly the volume that will truly sell the series to future fans.
 Let me first say these episodes deserve 5 stars.  They essentially encompass the climax of the series' mythology (its most fascinating element) and are incredible in all terms
 Okay, so I might be biased, as this was one of my favorite books as a child, but I have to say that the changes they made in the transition between pages and screen are disappointing to say the least.  The girls are all much too old for about half the movie, but that was the least of my concerns.  Poor Winifred is turned into some child monster, which she never was in the book.  She was a sympathetic character with bum luck who would never have screamed and thrown a fit in the stairwell of a theatre.  More surprising was the way they made Posy into such a brat.  She was never, in the book, so vicious.  Sure, she was a dancing mimic and a bit of a clown, but she was never obnoxious and mean.  This is all minor, in my opinion, compared with what they did to poor Theo.  I guess the feeling was that this movie was not interesting to adults (although I'm sure my mother, another rabid Streatfeild fan, would disagree), so they killed off Mr. Simpson's wife, gave him a dead son, and set Theo and Garnie to fighting over him.  This is tragic.  What kind of an example is Theo to young girls, drinking in her basement room, and bemoaning her lost days as a Bouncing Babe?  Why was this necessary?  All in all, it was an okay movie but a horrid adaptation of a beloved children's story.  Sad.
 Love the book.  The movie is a bit weak, but sweet.  Worth a watch if you're a fan of the book and Emma Watson.
 This movie version of  the children's classic is well-acted by a lovely cast, but lacks the charm and interest of the original (which remains worth reading).  Still, suitable for family viewing, and, though the ending falls flat, moderately entertaining.  A chick flick for young girls.
 No blood, no smoking tires, no serial killers! And yet no boredom and falling asleep! Invite Your grand daughter and enjoy it! Sweet girls in a lovely story! Everything is fine in this little movie.
 A charming and appealing film with a theatrical feel. I think lots of tweens will relate to the three girls who have dreams that they strive for and have to learn how to achieve them when messy life gets in the way. This movie reminds me of the American Girl stories. I'm impressed with the young actress Yasmin Paige as Petrova; she shows remarkable talent. I found myself bored even though the pacing moved at a remarkable speed. Basically, I was entertained for an hour and twenty minutes but it's a forgettable film.
 Cute This movie was good for a quiet Friday with my little dancer. Thought there would be more dancing in it though.
 I got this movie to watch one weekend and found it fun to see where dancing would take the sisters. But when my mom and sisters wanted to watch it again and agian I found other things to do.  I haven't read the book, so I can't compare it to the movie. As far as the film goes it is entertaining enough to watch once and see what happens, but not great enough to rewatch as a classic.
 This movie was not what I expected, but was still a cute show. The way the family was formed was a curiosity. there wasn't a real strong feeling about the Movie. I should have rented it instead of buying it.
 I just purchased this film and watched it twice for a fair review. I thought the beginning and the ending was rushed; especially the ending. Too much smoking. Loved the characters and thought they were well cast. I bought it for grand daughters and don't know if I'll lend it to them because of the excessive smoking. I guess I anticipated something more like "The Railroad Children. This 2-DVD collection is comprised of TV interviews done by Tom Snyder on his late-night talk show "Later", broadcast during the late 1970's-early '80's. Disc 1 is a moderately insightful interview with John Lennon that was done in 1975, possibly his last televised interview. It is here being re-broadcast one day after his murder as a type of tribute. He talks some of the Beatles, the music of the day, drugs, songwriting,and some time is spent on his then immigration problems. His lawyer is also present for some of this. Later on Disc one, we are brought to the present (1980) with interviews one day after his death by interviews with Lennon interviewer and journalist Lisa Robinson and Jack Douglas, his producer on "Double Fantasy and who had just left Lennon hours earlier. Total running time of Disc 1- 65 minutes. Disc 2 is comprised of 3 separate interviews. The first is an interview done via satellite with Paul & Linda McCartney (originally broadcast on 12/1979) right before a concert in London. They speak of their music with Wings, some of the past with the Beatles, how they met, etc. No real nuggets of wisdom here. Wings' members Denny Laine and Laurence Juber join them for a time, and there is a clip of a music video of "Spin It On", something they had been working on. I felt as if Paul was trying to guide Snyder thru his clumsy interview process. The second interview is with Ringo and his new wife Barbara Bach, originally broadcast 11/81. He is somewhat emotional talking of Lennon's murder, also speaks of his role in "Caveman", his bout with partying too much, and his new LP "Stop And Smell The Roses". There is a clip of a music video of his "Wrack My Brain". The 3rd interview is part of the same program where Tom interviews actress Angie Dickinson. Total running time of Disc 2- 95 minutes. It was a different time for television, and it is all the more enhanced by the naivette' that is part of Snyder's persona. He appears as if he is the only one who has ever considered asking about a Beatles' reunion like it is some big scoop or something. Actually, he shuffles uncomfortably like a bashful schoolboy when posing questions about drug use or the Beatles' experience with groupies. All in all, a nice 2-Disc set if you are a big Beatles fan, a collector of stuff about Lennon's death, or are intrigued by classic television. I would try to find it for a fairly inexpensive price though.