 I have the Doo Wop 50 and 51 DVDs, and was anxiously waiting for Rock, Rhythm and Doo Wop to arrive. From the first video, which featured the cr&egrave;me de la cr&egrave;me of the 50s groups, to Doo Wop 51, it was clear that there was a giant leap forward in terms of production. Better lighting, better stage layout, and better sound quality. Sadly, in terms of editing, they went overboard this time. Excessive use of pre-recorded clapping and cheering really irritated me. There are times where you can hardly hear the singing, because the pre-recorded cheering was so loud. Imagine 5 stadiums hosting the Super Bowl all crammed into one theater. It's simply too artificial. We want not only the authentic groups, but also the authentic reaction from who was there. And believe me, we don't need any extra cheering to get more goosebumps from watching these wonderful groups. For whoever edited the show, I would also be careful with too much filming of the spectators during the songs and make sure to look back at Doo Wop 51 for better camera angles of the groups. Is this DVD worth buying? Definately, because groups/singers Fred Parris &amp; The Satins, Little Anthony &amp; The Imperials, Little Richard, The Limelites, Jerry Butler, Lloyd Price, Bobby Lewis, and the absolutely fantastic Contours make it all worthwhile. I hope TJ Lubinsky keeps on making shows like this, they're a wonderful experience for all ages.
 The performance of Little Anthony and the Imperials singing  Two Kinds of People  acappella is worth the price of admission; they haven't lost a step!  The rest is simply gravy.
 Are you a dog lover and into adventure? Then Far From Home
 Our family really enjoys this movie.  The story is not terribly predictable and the actors all do a solid job.  Beautiful scenery and enough action to keep the little ones engaged.  Should be on DVD.  We'll add it to our collection.
 It's a comedy who done it, featuring alot of the old school hip-hop artists. After seeing the movie on BET recently it brought back all of the good memories relating to the actors and the musicians and I went searching to buy a copy.
 I won't claim to know all of the rappers that are contained in the movie but it is a good laugh much as "Car 54 where are you? with Rosi O is. Plus, Dennis Leary is great and "Duff from MTV (VJ around 1990-91) also makes a cameo.....very cute! I would recommend this movie for anyone that was a young adult around 1993 or to someone who wants a good laugh.  MJ
 Though it was never an Oscar contender, it was funny as h***!!!
 Very good movie. And unlike many Chinese movies, it does not have a totally sad ending where everyone, especially the hero, gets killed!
 of course it's really good to hear all the Bee Gees Jams on a Album but live is even better.the only down side is the fact that some of the songs are done in Medley form&that kinda leaves it just there overall to me.but all in all this is a real good show&performance.
 Kind of bogus request.  Too much of their newest material. Get the One Night Only!
 This is a fine performance by the Bee Gees who perform "by request", probably the most difficult format for live performers.  They play most of their songs and most fans might complain about various hits that were omitted.  Still an enjoyable performance.
 Great encouragement on the intricate involvement in the lives of people. I actually sent the DVD's to friends going through challenges with their 17 year old son who has left home.
 I love this movie! Sure, the acting isn't oscar worthy, but the characters are interesting in this classic story. It also helps that Jim Caviezel is smoking HOT in this remake of Dumas' famous story.
 I should have read the book by now!  That's what I was thinking as I was halfway through this particular version--the only movie version I've seen so far.  The cast is okay, though I think the woman playing Mercedes needed to do a better job of enunciating.  The hellhole of the prison was portrayed effectively, and I totally understand Dantes' (sp?) desire for revenge, although he does learn eventually that living just to get even is not the ideal way to live after all.
 The Count of Monte Cristo is a promising film, not as good as the original novel, but if it promises to get some interested in reading the book by Dumas, than it is worth watching.  Richard Harris is always a pleasure to watch when he plays of character of Education or Tutoring.
 Sit back and enjoy the interesting and exciting story of the Count Of Monte Cristo. Great rainy day movie!
 Great movie.  Saw it once and had to have it.  Mail delivery was prompt.
 This is an excellent movie and I never read the book.  The acting and the plot was very nice done, it is one of my favorite movies.
 This is a great movie.  That many people don't know about.  Jim Caviezel and Guy Pearce do great acting.  I think after Guy Pearce's performance, I won't like him if I ever meet him in real life.  He makes his character so dis likable.  Which is the point!
 Very good acting!  A bad guy you love to hate.  Very romantic.  Feel good story.  Action.  A little adventure and definitive intriguge!  It all makes for an excellent story you will enjoy.
 If you like movies like Braveheart, The Patriot, and Gladiator, then you will enjoy The Count of Monte Cristo. Rating
 Yes, it is called Count of Monte Cristo, but let's just say that the story bears little resemblance to the literature. Yes, Edmond Dantes is wrongly imprisoned and meets someone there that helps him get out and rain misfortunes down on those who were responsible for his time in the Chateau d'If. That's pretty much where the similarities end. The methods of revenge in the movie are much less imaginative, basically consisting of him telling them he is Dantes and then killing them. These replace Dumas' genius methods - economic ruin, mental insanity, suicide, etc.  However, if you don't want to commit to reading a 1500 page book, and can't devise a way to see the play adaptation, you will never know the differences, and this is a good movie. Just take it on it's own merits rather than on the book's.
 A film by Kevin Reynolds This is the recent film adaptation of Dumas's classic novel "The Count of Monte Cristo".  From the previews and early reviews of the movie I did not expect too much from it, but when someone whose opinion I trust tells me that it is good and that I should watch it, I was willing to give it a chance.  Good thing, because this is a pretty good movie.   The story, if you are not familiar with the source material, follows Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel).  Dantes, in the film, is a sailor and the film opens with Dantes and his friend Fernand Mondego (Guy Pierce) trying find refuge on an island because their captain is dying.  The island just happens to be the prison island where Napoleon is exiled, and while they get help, Napoleon asks Dantes if he could take a personal, and innocent, letter to a friend.  Dantes agrees.  Dantes returns to France and does not have a chance to deliver the letter, though we do see his fianc&eacute; Mercedes Iguanada (Dagmara Dominczyk) and a little bit of Mondego's jealousy.  Dantes is betrayed and turned into the authorities for treason.  That innocent letter that Dantes was to deliver was not so innocent after all.  The magistrate has Dantes thrown in prison where he will spend the next several years.   This is where the movie truly begins.  Dantes was innocent and he was betrayed (we soon learn that Mondego is now married to Mercedes), and he wants his revenge, though he has no avenue to pursue his revenge while in prison.  While in prison, Dantes meets Abbe Faria (Richard Harris), a man who is digging a tunnel (slowly, inch by inch) to escape.  Faria trains Dantes in the sword, teaches him how to read, science, literature, politics, and how to be a noble.  He also tells Dantes of a treasure, the treasure of Monte Cristo, that may or may not exist.   We wouldn't have a story if Dantes is unable to escape or pursue his revenge, so I'm not spoiling anything by revealing that.  Dantes sets himself up as the Count of Monte Cristo with the help of a man named Jacopo (Luis Guzman).  Dantes is now free to pursue his revenge.   The story feels like it has been simplified a little bit, but this film is good enough, and slick enough, and entertaining enough, that this is a very enjoyable movie to watch.  No film can ever capture the nuance of a novel, especially not a 1000 page novel.  With the amount of time allotted this film, "The Count of Monte Cristo succeeds at being an entertaining film.
 I very much enjoyed this iteration of the Count. It was well filmed and well acted. It makes a person think of what they would do if they suddenly got very rich and had blood enemies. Would you seek revenge or would you be fat and rich? Guy Peirce gives a wonderful performance. Rent this movie you will like it and probably want to purchase it.
 Enjoyed the movie and enjoyed having access for 48 hours. It's good to have such easy access to good movies.
 If you have never discovered the wonderful world of Alexandre Dumas, I urge you to run, not walk to the local library or bookstore and obtain a copy of "Le Comte de Monte Christo. I also recommend reading the unabridged version of this classic tale about a man who takes revenge on his enemies. One thing is certain
 This most recent adaptation of Alexandre Dumas' classic novel isn't going to please all the fans, particularly those who demand rigorous adherence to the source material (I never did understand such people's way of thinking; a movie is never bad just because it strays from the source) but it most certainly will please moviegoers in the mood for a period piece adventure, and as such a film, The Count of Monte Cristo never fails to entertain for every bit of its running time.  Jim Caviezel stars as Edmond Dantes, a rather poor and uneducated man who has a life that his rich friend, Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) envies. Dantes has just been promoted to captain of his ship after he and his crew returned from a brief, unanticipated stop in Elba, where Napoleon had given Dantes a letter to give to a "friend. Mondego is particularly jealous that Dantes' fiancee is Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk), their childhood friend who has grown into an utterly beautiful woman.  Mondego sets out to destroy Dantes life by telling French officials of the letter, which leads to Dantes' arrest. He is banished in a prison located on an island rather far from the mainland. As the years pass, another prisoner, Faria (Richard Harris), actually tunnels his way into Dantes cell. With his help, Faria believes they can dig to the outer wall, and in return, he will teach Dantes how to read, write, and fight with a sword. As soon as he makes his escape, Dantes plans his vengeance against those who betrayed him. There's actually a LOT more plot than what I've stated, which probably already sounds hefty, but there are a lot of things I'd rather not give away. While not without some flaws, The Count of Monte Cristo is rousing entertainment and is probably the best period piece adventure in recent years (personally, I found it more enjoyable than The Patriot, Rob Roy, and The Last of the Mohicans).  The film's first seventy minutes represent marvelous entertainment, consistently gaining momentum with every scene that goes by as we grow more and more compelled by the story. The film stumbles only slightly in the third act, when Dantes eventually encounters all those who destroyed his life so many years ago, and sets in motion a plan for his own vengeance. It's in this lengthy segment that a few moments drag (but only a few) and some scenes feel a little hard to swallow (that Pearce's Mondego wouldn't recognize Dantes). The climax feels a little silly, in that seemingly all the lead characters pop out from nowhere to either fight or reveal long-held secrets.  But thankfully, such flaws are only mild and hardly detrimental. This is a well-acted, well-written, and surprisingly well-directed tale of revenge. As Dantes, Caviezel excels, making a believable transformation from a kind-hearted, innocent man to one whose heart has been hardened through so many years. Guy Pearce chews the scenery quite well as Mondego; he seems to be having a great time playing the greedy antagonist. It's nice to see that Pearce, who usually plays likable characters (as in L.A. Confidential and The Time Machine), is up to the task of giving us a villain to hiss at.  The other performances aren't quite as vital, though Richard Harris is good as Faria, and Luis Guzman is often hilarious as Dantes' right-hand man (the scene where Guzman tells Dantes how to handle the massive amounts of gold they just found is the biggest laugh I've had all year). Dagmara Dominczyk is pretty decent, though her acting is mostly overshadowed by her beauty, a back-handed compliment, I suppose. The Count of Monte Cristo actually doesn't feature that much in the way of adrenaline-pumping action. Despite all the claims this is a swashbuckler, there are only three swordfights (and one knifefight), and each of these scenes last no longer than maybe two minutes. But the appeal of this film isn't in the action, it's watching a plot that unfolds with little twists and turns that, though often expected, engaged me because I cared about the situation and the fate of the characters. There was obviously a lot of work put into the way this film looks. The cinematography is gorgeous and the sets are magnificent, with splendor I have rarely seen rendered so well in period pieces. The film was directed by Kevin Reynolds, who may yet have a career again after his critical disaster, Waterworld (which actually wasn't half-bad). Highly recommended, The Count of Monte Cristo is great fun all the way. **** 1/2 out of *****
 Not since Mask Of Zorro have we had an old fashioned revenge movie that played on classic cinema rather than tendency of movies today to be loud and bloody. I was fortunate to see this movie with a sneak preview audience.  James Caviezel is fantastic in the role of the Count. He is very believeable as a simple, humble man in the beginning and then the torn, angry, revenge seeking Count later on. The movie has many similar elements to the aforementioned Mask Of Zorro, but has enough of its own identity for you to note the similarities, but not be distracted by them. The beautiful actress Dagmara Domincyzk plays the love interest. There are many closeups of her face and she is stunningly beautiful and convincing. Guy Pearce is a more than able bad guy, successfully creating a character that you come to despise thoroughly by the end.  The audience that I viewed this with absolutely loved it. There are sprinkles of light comedic lines throughout the film and the audience was delighted with them all. The scenes where the Count is exacting his revenge registered the loudest response from the audience, as many were very vocal in their approval of the revenge being dished out. It had been a while since I viewed a movie where the audience broke into a loud ovation at the end. This one received such an ovation and I concur.
 Alexandre Dumas' classic adventure novel of revenge and romance, THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO has been endlessly made and remade in various films and TV series.  It's no wonder as the book's themes of betrayal and payback are timeless.  Kevin Reynolds directs a solid and full blooded version of this classic that features a star-making turn by James Caviezel in the title role.  Caviezel never hits a false note in his role of Edmond Dantes, the sailor sent to prison on trumped-charges and who eventually escapes to seek his revenge on the 3 men who conspired against him.  Caviezel easily handles both the innocence of the young Dantes and the bitter cynicism of his vengeful alter-ego. Richard Harris, who is making a cottage-industry of playing quirky supporting roles, provides warmth and humor as the Abbe' Faria, the fellow prisoner who mentors Dantes. Dagmara Domincyzk is lovely as Mercedes, Edmond's fiancee.  However, Guy Pearce, who plays Dantes' romantic rival and former friend is a little too over-the-top with his mincing and sneering portrayal.  At one point, I began thinking he needed a top hat, handlebar mustache and cape to complete the picture.   Filmed on location in opulent locations in Malta and Ireland, THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is a feast for the eyes.  At one point, the Count makes a grand entrance in a hot-air balloon that clearly illustrates his power and mystery.   The screenplay is a solid enough adapation of the rather long novel, although it does throw in a couple twists that were not in the original.  After Dantes appears in his Count identity, the pace of the film really takes off as plotlines are shortened and tightened. The action scenes are also top-notch.   THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is an entertaining and fun swashbucklng type of flick that they just don't make any more. As such, it is easily the best film of this genre since THE MASK OF ZORRO which, in an ironic twist, also used elements of Dumas' novel. I definitely would recommend this film to adventure lovers and romantics everywhere.
 Great version of a Classic book & movie! If you like",Get Back, movies this is a must see.  The Counts character starts of as a vindictive person ,when released from his prison,but learns to forgive to save the thing he loves the most.
 Everything did exactly what I needed it to do. Thank you also for being prompt and for getting me this so quickly.  The cover was a little torn when it arrived.
 Arrived withing the time period listed. DVD had popped loose from post inside case (probably occurred during shipping)and disc was slightly scratched. Played fine and have no complaints.
 This CD was very good. The view of the movie was good, and it came in a timely fashion.  I really enjoyed watching this movie.  Thank you.
 Great Movie, I had seen it years ago and wanted to see it again and it was just as good the secound time around.
 While this film may not make it into the "classic category, I've surely seen a lot of movies which were much, much worse.  This one is colorful, well-acted, and tries its very best to do justice to the sprawling plot of Alexandre Dumas' 1200-page novel.  Of course, as any screenwriter has learned, it's not just difficult but impossible to shoehorn a huge novel into a film.  Therefore, entire swathes of the novel's plot wind up in the waste-basket, characters are blended together, and so on.  The one alteration I found most interesting was the story of the grand love affair between the Count (Edmond Dantes) and Mercedes.  In the novel, the two lovers face up to the decades of betrayal and part ways.  As I recall, Mercedes retires to the country or goes into a convent, while Edmond frees his "Greek slave and marries her.  In this movie, Edmond and Mercedes forgive one another and go on to perpetual bliss. (There is no "Greek slave --- she wound up in the wastebasket with all the other stuff, including the lesbian runaways.)  I really think (and hope) that this whole business of turning novels into movies is going to learn something from Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings --- or from the TV mini-series.  Producers should STOP chopping and maiming the original story to cram it into a narrow time frame
 the disk of the dvd i bought was in good condition but i waited quite a while for it to get to me, so that is my only complaint with this purchase
 I was at work when a coworker told me about this movie and that it was really good. So being the fact that I am always looking for a good movie I ordered it from my work computer. Upon watching the movie I was very happy with my dissension to buy it. Since it was old it worth more buying than renting. The movie it self is very detailed and very satisfying. The ending felt like an ending where some movies I've seen just leave me saying (That was a waste of time) I would recommend this movie to anybody it has action for myself and drama the my wife really got into.
 This addition of the famous story is mostly to be recommended. The acting is first rate and 'Mercedes' is a knock out. The movie works very well even though it doesn't follow strictly to the book. My only criticism is it's scanty treatment of the part of the story where Dantes ( The Count ) rescues his old employer and friend from ruin by setting him up with a new ( replica of his original one ) boat. This is one of the central parts of the story and deserved more screen time than it got.
 I purchased The Count of Monte Cristo for my husband for Christmas but we ended up not watching it until my birthday just a couple of days ago -- what a great way to spend my evening. I loved all the action, the period costumes and scenery is very authentic, but the best part was actor James Caviezel -- he is great. (This is the same guy who played Jesus in "The Passion of Christ".) The only negative thing I would say is that the count got a little too hard (mean) with his revenge plot. I would recommend the movie and think it's worth even watching again.
 ..and that's gotta be why it was enjoyable. *SPOILERS*  I haven't read the book, or I'm sure I'd be giving it fewer stars, but for what it was, I was pulled into it and happy the fantasy ended happily.  Let's face it, you want him to get his revenge, get the girl and live happily ever after.  Who doesn't hope for that?  Also, the lead actor Jim Caviezel, who plays the loyal then betrayed Edmond Dantes is a sypathetic and likable character that you have no choice but to route for.  It's as if he's getting revenge for you!  Not to mention the scenery was beautiful. Beleivable or great art, this may not be, but it was an entertaining enough movie.
 James Caviezel, Guy Pierce, Richard Harris, Luis Guzmain, and the rest the cast give great performances. Under the astute direction of Kevin Reynolds the pacing is good and you truly get a feel for the events. The costumes, sets, and music are well done and add to the illusion of being there. This is a classic and remarkable Alexandre Dumas story of a common man falsely accused and imprisoned. His escape and revenge will have most people cheering or at least on the edge of their seat. The action seems almost non-stop but even the slower moments have good character development and help clarify the story. A fair amount of time is spent with Harris's and Guzmain's characters which helps develop them. The amount of treasure he finds is overwhelming. I highly recommend you catch this version. Although I have not read the book, this version inspires me to do so as I have a feeling it follows it more closely. Good quality DVD with great replayability. If you enjoyed this catch "The Man in the Iron Mask and "The Three Musketeers". - C. Luster
 I originally watched this movie before reading the book, and enjoyed it quite a bit.  Friends of mine who had read the book scoffed at the movie for its simplicity and consistent straying from the book.  I have been reading the book for about a month now (and am only about 2/3 done!) and decided to buy the movie, since the book was so entertaining. I have to say that I now agree with my friends - there is simply no way to adequately tell the story in a 2 or even 3 hour movie.  The shift from Edmond Dantes to the Count of Monte Cristo and his various other personalities (Sinbad the Sailor, the Abbe Busconi, etc.) is such a dramatic one that it would require more of a series-type film to sufficiently portray it.  I'm thinking of something similar to "I, Claudius, "the Jewel in the Crown, "Band of Brothers, etc. You only have to read a couple hundred pages of the book to understand what I mean - it is almost as if the producer would need to hire two separate actors
 I recieved this movie will before it was due to come to me.  Am very happy with your service. thanks for the great service.
 Very entertaining movie.  I've watched it a number of times and always enjoy.  I got this copy for my granddaughter who is seventeen.  We watched it together.  There's not all that many movies out there that you can watch with your granddaughter.  Try this one.
 The Count of Monte Christo stars Jim Cavizel in the last big movie he did before taking the part of Jesus in the Passion of the Christ.  No matter how long this movie is, it will always be short to do the book and the full story justice.  Most people however, will not read the book, so this movie must be evaluated on its own.  Cavizel is Edmond Dantes, a young sailor awarded the captain's role of a merchant vessel.  His fiance is thrilled but his best friend Mondego (played by Guy Pierce) is jealous.  On their last voyage, the ship had made a stop at Elba where Dantes and Modego talked with Napolean.  Mondego used this meeting and the help of a jealous sailor named Danglars to frame Dantes for treason.  Despite th attempted frame, Dantes is about to be let go when the government attorney Villefort has a change of heart.  That night, Dantes is sent to prison not knowing why.  His fiance Mercedes and Mondego plead for Dantes life, but Villefort refuses to release him and even tells them Dantes has been executed.  Meanwhile, Dantes languishes in prison questioning God and his will to live.  Soon, Dantes meets a priest who tunnelled into Dantes' cell mistakenly while trying to escape.  They become best friends and the priest teaches Dantes everything he knows about life, the arts, fighting and even tells him about a hidden treasure.  Soon Dantes escapes from prison.  At his point the movie is half over.  The second half of the movie portrays Dantes transforming himself into the Count of Monte Christo for the soul purpose of getting revenge on those who wronged him.  In my opinion, this is the best part of the movie, yet it is too short to give proper attention to the revenge schemes Dantes uses or to show how is character has changed over the years.  This is a beautiful, colorful movie to look at with great acting and adventure.  This is a classic story and I recommend this movie (and the book).  Some downfalls I noticed were Cavizel's portrayal of Dantes after he escaped from prison.  Now after reading the book, I think Cavizel's portrayal was accurate, but the movie didn't last long enough to give it justice.
 I found that the movie version of Count of Monte Cristo was much better than the book. While yes, they do differ,the book leaves you hanging while the movie closes perfectly. So if you are going to invest time, go with the movie, it's a better bet.
 although movies have a time frame, it would have been great if they included some of his days as a pirate.  other than that i really like this movie.
 Reimagining a classic is always a gamble, and this one may come up short if you're expecting a full-scale revision of the original.  Dumas' tale of love, justice, and revenge cannot fit into 2 hours, and this movie attempts to abridge even the most abridged version of the story.  Edmund Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is falsely accused of treason, thanks to jealous and conspiring friends (Guy Pearce and James Frain).  He finds himself imprisoned at Chateau d'If during his engagement to Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk).  Upon his escape from the island, he vows revenge, doing so with unlimited funds from a sunken treasure and under a new guise, the Count of Monte Cristo.  Dantes' friends, now wealthy and successful, are at first taken by this new count, until he proves to be less of a gentleman than they expected. With all the action and cunning, or because of it, the pacing seemed rather hurried, perhaps because the novel is juicier; for all his 13 years in prison, Dantes exacts his justice rather quickly, leaving little time for emotions on both sides to seethe and boil.  The film focuses unnecessary time on Dantes' imprisonment, in spite of Richard Harris' fine performance as a fellow prisoner and a priest who teaches Edmund and later directs him to the treasure; his character is immediately forgotten following Dantes' escape. In condensing the story, however, the script manages to draw out jealousies born of a lifelong friendship between a commoner, Dantes, and a noble, Fernand Mondego. Jim Caviezel and Guy Pearce fill out their roles exceptionally well.  In less skilled hands, their characters might come dangerously close to self-parody.  Still, the script provides only a faint shadow of Dumas' rich novel.   The DVD comes stocked with extras, including a biography on Dumas and a study of the novel. There are also deleted scenes, a director commentary, and a segment on the adaptation.  I would have liked some interviews with Caviezel and Pearce, however. If you enjoy the story but not the 200 hours of reading you'll need for the book, you should check out the French miniseries filmed a few years back starring Gerard Depardieu.  It's much more faithful to the original, and the added time allows Dantes' revenge plots to precipitate at a delicious pace.
 This most recent adaptation of the famous novel is a little slow and meandering in the first third of the movie, but following the appearance of Richard Harris - like a mole rising from the ground - the pace quickly picks up and explodes as the lead protagonist wreaks vengeance on those who betrayed him earlier. The movie is not as effective as the 1978 version which starred Richard Chamberlain in the lead role, but what it does have in evidence is some truly interesting features. My favorite extra feature on this DVD is the documentary which recounts the adaptation of the story and why the screenwriter made the changes that he did. Well recommended.
 Have you ever found yourself thinking, They just don't make movie's like they used to.  If so, The Count of Monte Cristo will become a hit in your household!   When I was young I remember watching Eril Flynn Movies with my Father and being totally transfixed to the television! The fight scenes would take my breath away, no special effects needed. Now in a world of movies like The Matrix, and Blade, it seems every action movie that comes out has to have UNBELIEVABLE special effects to be a hit. That is not the case with The Count of Monte Cristo, it's an old action story told in a realistic way.   Alexandre Dumas's works have never failed to inspire filmmakers to make his stories into movies. The success of The Three Musketeers and The Man in the Iron Mask have proven that, The Count of Monte Cristo is no exception.   This epic tale of heroism begins with two boyhood friends coming home from sea, Edmond has been promoted and can finally afford to marry his true love. Unfortunatly his friend also loves the same woman, and has Edmond put away in prison on false charges of treason to keep him from his lady love.   Years later, Edmond escapes from his prison, with a little help from a friend he met inside, and quite a bit of money, revenge fresh in his mind.   I will not give away the ending to this great story, but I will say it makes a great movie and I highly recommend everyone watch it.
 I thought the movie was great, but if you decide that you love the book above all things, don't see the movie. I saw the movie before I read the book, and I really enjoy them as seperate things. The movie itself was fantastic and I really didn't find myself sitting there saying "This is so stupid, I can't believe I paid [how much?]to see this or "that could NEVER happen". And Guy Pearce is the greatest.
 This movie is excellent as a movie. As far as following the book not so. However let's be honest
 After seeing "The Lord of the Rings 4 times in the theater I saw a preview and thought I would go see this one.  First let me say that this is a wonderful movie!  At first I thought it started out a little slow, but then after a little it sped up and was a 'can't take your eyes off the screen' type of movie.  However, I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I was expecting more action-as in swordplaying.  Well actually I was expecting another "Mask of Zorro movie(Antonio Banderas).  That was the first movie that came to my head while waiting to see "The Count of Monte Cristo".  But I suppose they wanted to make it for a variety of audiences instead of just for the action movie type of people.  I think that they did a very good job.  Like someone earlier said, this movie works on all levels.  This movie is perfect for anyone.  But seeing that I have never read the book I obviously don't have an opinion on what it looks like to them.  But for those of you who don't know the plot line it is very unpredictable and exciting and worth seeing.
 Edmond Dantes (James Caviezel) had the perfect life
 This would be a great film to watch on a date. There is revenge. There is unending love. Sword fighting. Secrecy. Treasure. Edwourd returns 13 years after being wrongfully imprisoned for treason in the horrific Chateau D'if prison. Armed with the education he has learned from an imprisoned priest (Richard Harris)and the treasure he has given him he returns to bring vengeance against those that imprisoned him. His deception is masterful. Look for a hidden message as well.
 The Counte of Monte Cristo was extrodinary.  It is my favorite movie and some of you may wonder why I gave it four stars.  If you've ever read the book then you probably know why.  If your going to make a movie based on a book then you need to follow the book your writing it after more closely.  The movie was directed awesome and the acting was incredible.  The majority of the movie did follow the book but one of my favorite parts of the book was how Counte of Monte Cristo took nearly 20 years to spy on his oppenents and lure them into his trap.  Time is something you can't simly skip over when making a movie.  Many directors do this and in the movie Troy the same issue occured.  What made the book excell over the movie was simply that it took him so much time (more than a month or whatever).  Other than this the movie excelled in every area possible.  I could not give it any less than four stars because the only thing that needed correcting was the time frame.  If you've never seen this movie then make it a priority, it is awesome.  For those who love the movie and would be angry for me having given it four starst, please read the book and you'll see why.  A must see movie and a must read book.
 Whether you like this film or not will depend heavily on whether you have read the book and whether you believe that films based on books should follow the original text as closely as possible (for example, Lord of the Rings).  In this particular case, the film varies greatly from the book in both detail and tone.  The overriding theme in the Dumas book is one of redemption and forgiveness; the theme of the film is primarily one of revenge.  As a result, major details in the book (who is Albert's father?  Who is Mercedes' husband at the end of the story?) are changed to keep the narrative more focused on the theme of the film.  However, if you are willing to look at the film as a work independent of the original text, you will find an excellent piece of cinema.  Although changed from the dense Dumas novel, the story is compelling and well-written.  The overall tone of the film is dark, though enough bits of comic relief are woven in to keep the story from being overly depressing, especially early on.  Even in places where the film is basically consistent with the novel, the writers have made smart choices, for example by showing the action on Elba instead of having it all be retold in conversations (as in the book).  The cast is uniformly superb, including on of Richard Harris' last films as the Priest and Jim Caviezal playing yet another Christ-character in Edmond.  Guy Pearce, who was evidently offered Edmond but decided he would rather play the villian, plays Count Mondego with an ever-so-slight bit of guilt, though this does not affect the crowd-pleasing ending of the film.  My favorate performance, however, is J.B. Blanc as smuggler Luigi Vampa.  Blanc shows the kind of raw charisma that you would expect if Will Smith had played the role instead.  The DVD has several special features, not of which are spectacular.  The director commentary is above average and will provide you with some interesting additional tidbits about why the film was shot as it was.  Or where it was, for that matter, such as the pieces shot at the Presidential Palace in Malta.  That said, I am still trying to find the airplane that the commentary says is visible during the climactic fight scene.  Overall the film is visually interesting and should be seen on as big a screen as you can get; the camera's scope in capturing the harbor at Marsailles or Edmond's voyage to the Island of Monte Cristo is fantastic and will make this worthty of a big screen.  At the same time, the scenes inside the prison are shot in almost all grays and gives a cramped and depressing feel to the life Edmond lives there.  By the time he escapes you may not realize that you essentially have not seen color in 30 minutes.  Overall this is an excellent film despite the departures from the book.  if you come into the film with an open mind you will enjoy one of the more under-rated films to come out in the last 10 years.
 The '02 release of `The Count of Monte Cristo' boasts a superb cast and lavish settings in an outstanding retelling of this classic story of romance and revenge.  James Caviezel is perfect as the outwardly stately and poised Count. However his appearance is but a mask to disguise the torment of a man imprisoned and beaten for 13 years. His only desire now is for revenge against his once best friend Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) who betrayed him and stole his love, the enchanting Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk).  A classic tale that can be enjoyed again and again!
 I acquired this movie because my son loves movies with the three things that make a movie great.  1.  swords,  2.  lots of sword fights and 3.  no long boring sections that he has to fast forward through.  He would give this 1 star.   But I loved this movie and have never read the book.  Everything worked for me.  I even found the "long Boring part in prison to be interesting, thanks to "the priest". So if you don't know it already, get the PRINCESS BRIDE for your son or daughter (because they won't "fast forward through it) and get THE COUNT for yourself.
 I LOVE this movie!!!  I read the book before watching the movie, (which by the way, you have to read the book it's awesome) I was disappointed it didn't keep to the book, but I understand if it did, it would be much longer.  Many "mini-plots were kept out, and it was simply Dantes' revenge.  I must admit it was a very good movie.  I simply loved the balloon entrance, and I must say, I would love to have a robe like him, which I must also say, was a good choice of costume.  That is all I have to say, except SEE THIS MOVIE!!!
 If you don't want to blow yet another 4 dollars on a really bad movie, rent Count. It's a fun and irreverent retelling of the popular tale, with James Caviezel doing a great job of going from a wide eyed innocent to an 18th century version of a P. Diddy-player with a vendetta. Pearce is also great as the resident villain who struts around like an ever preening peacock(check out his overly curled bangs too-hilarious). This is just a fun movie that understood how to modernize this tale while simultaneously keeping it's more universally appealing elements....
 Wow, it looks like I'm not the ONLY one who managed to grab a sneak preview of this movie! Fortunately, I got to see this flick for free. And I snuck in my own concessions, too! After all, you don't think I'm gonna actually pay the theater twice as much for a box of Milk Duds as I would if I hit the Seven-Eleven across the street, do you? Hell, no! So I just put on that jacket that has those deep inside pockets, and load up on the finger grub! Heck, there's even room for a big-slam soda in there! And let's not forget-- hey wait a minute, I'm gettin' off the track here. Where was I...? Oh, yes, I'm reviewing the new `Count of Monte Cristo' movie. Anyway, here's my two cents... I've always been a big fan of literature and/or movies about people getting back at those who'd done `em wrong. You know, the "revenge is a dish best served cold and all that (and no, that is NOT a Klingon proverb, despite what some of you Trekkies out there have been led to believe!). And let's face it, what classic tale of vengeance is more notable than `The Count of Monte Cristo'? Well, perhaps that one episode of `MacGyver'. You know, the one where he fashions a smoke bomb out of his tennis shoes and a swatch of cotton from his t-shirt? Remember that one? Whoops, I'm doin' it again. Time to get back to the subject at hand. The movie does diverge significantly from the original novel, which is to be expected. After all, there's no possible way one could fit such a long-running tome into a two-hour space without some liberties being taken! And besides, I find it an enjoyable diversion picking out the differences between the original literature and its film adaptation. For me, looking for the changes is all part of the fun! And there's quite a few diffs here. I won't go into `em, however; you're gonna hafta find out on your own! The movie is somewhat formulaic, borrowing a good deal of the style and look from other swashbuckling adventures of yore. You know, a little Errol Flynn, a dash of `Cyrano DeBergerac'-style wit, and a nice touch of somewhat-sappy and ever-so-slightly risque romance. There's some violence, but none of it is too gratuitous. A couple of guys getting run through with foils and a few others cut down with single-shot flintlock pistols is about the worst of it, and even then very little blood is shown. There's also some wonderful moments of humor, especially during our dear counts' moments of vengeance-wreaking. His last words to de Villefort as he's being hauled off to the clink is a priceless moment, and had the whole theater laughing and cheering. And a few light scenes between him and his pirate buddy/man-servant Jacopo also had nice touches of humor to them.  Even though most of the actors aren't all that well-known (except for Richard Harris, fresh off of his `Harry Potter' gig, playing Dantes' cell neighbor / tutor here), most of them- especially the leads, Dantes/Monte Cristo (James Caviezel) and his former friend Mondego (Guy Pearce)- manage to play their parts quite well. You start to feel for Dantes as he endures his thirteen years in the dungeon, and feel the anger as he begins to lay down his blueprints for revenge. And Mondego develops into the kinda jealous, smug, and insufferable cur that one just loves to hate. And as one might expect, our two antagonists square off to the death in the climactic final confrontation! Who will prevail, you ask? Well, you're just gonna have to see for yourself... `Late
 I agree with most revievers who thought this was a very good movie...visually stunning, well acted, etc.  What I take exception to are the comments to the effect that it is faithful to the book.  Having just finished the book myself, I was interested to see the movie.  The departures  from the original story appeared immediately and continued throughout the movie up to and including the ending.  Some were no doubt taken to condense the story to a managable length.  Some were apparently intended to add more action (and a little sex) to appeal to today's audiences who are accoustomed to this (we must be sensitive to those who lose intrest if there hasn't been sex or violence in the last 5 munutes after all).  I'm not saying that the changes where wrong, and they may even have made this a better movie (I actually prefered this ending to the one in the book for instance).  But, PLEASE DON'T CALL IT FAITHFUL to the book.
 Certainly one of the best books ever 'The Count Of Monte Cristo' is  a fairly faithful adaption of the classic novel. Recounting the story of Edmond Dantes (Played fairly good by Jim Caviezel) who is falsely charged of treason then sent off to an island prison where he resides for years before one day a priest (The late Richard Harris in one of his last screen roles) digging a tunnel, breaks through the floor of Edmond's cell. For a few years thereafter the priest teaches Edmond everything he knows until one day the priest dies and Edmond switches places with him so he can escape off the island. Edmond meets up with a gang of pirates and finds the lost treasure of Monte Cristo, thus becoming the richest man alive. He gains esteem and bends his power and wealth to avenge himself from the false charges filed by his best friend (Guy Pearce, displaying the same emotion he did in his 'The Time Machine', released this year) and a shipmate. There are some truly good extras to top off this swashbuckling epic. While nothing extradinary, 'The Count Of Monte Cristo' never fails to entertain and is well worth your time and money.
 This adaptation of Alexander Dumas's THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO plays out more like a big budget A&E 'movie of the week' than it does a major motion picture of swashbuckling adventure. However, there's a rousing and sweet joy in watching Edmund Dantes (played with infrequent success at achieving one accent by Jim Caviezel) carry out his plot to seek vengeance on those who stole his life away.  Unjustly accused of treason, Dantes endures 16 years of solitude, most in prison, where he manages to meet a fellow prisoner (Richard Harris) and, together, they embark on an attempt to achieve their great escape.  Guy Pearce (L.A. CONFIDENTIAL, MEMENTO) is put to wonderful use as the villain, and he proves he can chew scenery with the best of them. Perhaps the only disappointment the film has is the lack of swordplay.  In an interview, Caviezel stated that he took fencing lessons for six weeks (even learning how to fence with both hands simultaneously), but there's little swash to this buckle on the silver screen; in fact, Caviezel only picks up a foil three times.  The climax duel between the rivals is far too short for my tastes; instead, I found myself enjoying the ride more than the destination.
 I remember a week before "The Count Of Monte Cristo actually appeared in theatres, there was an enormous roar from people about this movie going to be amazing, and wonderful, and just about everything good you can think of.  I was under the impression that this movie was going to be basically like the book, and like the earlier version on film.  I was knocked off my feet, because I am still in a state of amazement.  Kevin Reynolds (director) has outdone himself.  The setting for this movie couldn't have been better.  The building up the story line was impressive.  Throught the first half of the movie I couldn't wait for him to seek his revenge on his ex-best friend. I suppose that my biggest suprise was the performance of James Caviezel (The Count).  I don't really want to ruin the movie for anyone, but I have to say that I was a bit dissapointed.   Throughout the entire movie, the whole theme is REVENGE.  And everyone is being built up towards the final fight scene, which is expected to occur.  And really, there wasn't anything outstanding.  I felt that it was over too quickly.  The mark of a Great Film, is one that leaves you in a state of aw.  This movie could have done this for me, but what I was waiting for, came and went really fast.  Otherwise, this movie is a 5 star movie.  Go and watch it, but don't expect a wonderful ending.  There may be a happy ending, but there isn't alot of lasting meaning.
 I HAVE THIS MOVIE IN VCR.  WELL, I HAD TO HAVE IT IN DVD.  THIS IS A GOOD FAMILY MOVIE AND I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE IT IN THEIR LIBRARY
 Dumas' stories have been filmed so often, yet it still is a joy to see them. This new version of the Count of Monte Christo is no exception. It has serious flaws and errors, too numerous to list. For example
 The tendency is to see this 2002 version of  The Count of Monte Cristo  as redemption for director Kevin Reynolds after the fiasco of  Waterworld,  but this particular retelling of the classic adventure novel by Alexandre Dumas p&egrave;re is mainly the creation of screenwriter Jay Wolpert.  I read the novel--the unabridged version--in the sixth grade despite the insistence of my teacher that I could not possibly do so.  Consequently,  The Count of Monte Cristo  holds a special place in my mind.  Wolpert's adaptation provides several new twists on the classic tale, but these are not gratuitous liberties.  The idea that Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) and Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) are now best friends, the creation of the sadistic Armand Dorleac, d'If Warden (Michael Wincott), and the new rationale for the marriage of Merced&egrave;s Iguanada (Dagmara Domincyzk), all work within the framework of the story.  They are not additions as much as much as ways of enhancing the tragedy.  The animosity between Edmond and Fernand is now that of a man betrayed by his jealous  brother.   Edmond's imprisonment at Chateau d'If takes on added horror as the warden willingly admits it is a place to which only the innocent are sent.  The secret Merced&egrave;s reveals at the end allows the final battle between Edmond and Fernand to be played out against a new dynamic of suddenly revealed relationships. Edmond Dantes has the misfortune of becoming involved in the shifting politics of France in the period between the two reigns of the Emperor Napoleon.  Betrayed by the self-interest of several men, he is imprisoned for life on a desolate rock.  There he has a fortuitous encounter with the Abb&eacute; Faria (Richard Harris), who becomes Edmond's mentor and who reveals the secret of the treasure buried on the island of Monte Cristo.  This wealth will provide Dantes with the means to gain vengeance on those who destroyed his life, especially when he learns that insult has been added to injury and that his beloved Merced&egrave;s is now the Count of Morcerf and married to Mondgeo.  "The Count of Monte Cristo was filmed on location in Malta and Ireland, and the art direction and set design are well suited to the tale being told.  Kevin Reynold's direction provides a brisk pace to the adventure and I especially liked the low angle tracking shots he used during the climatic duel between Edmond and Fernand.  Special mention needs to be made of William Hobbs, who choreographed the swordplay as the "fight arranger, a job he has done on other Dumas films before in his lengthy resume.   This is Wolpert's first movie screenplay.  Previously he worked as a writer on the television series "The Lot, having mostly been a producer of television games shows such as "The Price is Right and "Match Game.  So it is rather surprising that his adaptation is so strong.  I would not have minded if the film had more of an epic heft to it, but I do understand the Hollywood mentality that depends such films come in under two hours.  Wolpert's dialogue also has some wonderful moments, such as when Dorleac strings up his new prisoner, Edmond, and says
 Back in 1800's, French writer Alexandre Dumas is famously known for writing "The Three Musketeers but he is also known for writing the literary classic "The Count of Monte Cristo".  The film would receive a TV film adaptation in 1975 starring Richard Chamberlain (and an excellent TV series with Gerard Depardieu from 1999) but it wasn't until 2002 when the novel would receive a film adaptation directed by Kevin Reynolds ("Waterworld", "Robin Hood
 Personally, I never read the book this story is based on so I think my look into the movie is on a movie itself scale which would be entirely different if you read the book.  That said, the movie is fantastic in my opinion. As a viewer I was instantly pulled into the storyline and consistently brought to the edge of my seat moment after moment waiting for the next piece of action to occur. And I find it hard to believe but the moments when his revenge is enacted I felt a personal joy seeing Dante take it.  The story itself, as mentioned by others as well, is about a man who is betrayed, locked away in a prison forever, forgotten, freed by a chance situation, given a great treasure, and with the means to do it given a chance to take revenge for being wronged.  Yes, at times Dante is extravagant, as mentioned in other reviews, but I think the director was interweaving the current culture into the story to better adapt it to the audience so perhaps this was a necessary change. With our semi-materialistic world view where the bigger and flashier the more exciting it probably seemed like a good choice to keep us entertained. Yes, in the time of the book's release this would have been seen as silly but it keeps audiences today interested which perhaps is more important.  Anyhow, this movie is a solid, fun, exciting movie and while it's not the sort you'll see reviewed as a groundbreaking gem to add to your collection it's definitely worth having if only to whip out from time to time. You'll enjoy this one.
 I got it for my mom.  She really likes it.
 If you want to see the actual Dumas story, then don't watch this movie. But if you want to view an excellent movie, loosely based on the original, then DO see this movie! The film makers have gone out of their way to make the story more exciting, intriguing, and even satisfying (in places) than the original. Whereas the original is quite talky, this version is full of action, suspense, and drama--with an enjoyable satisfying climax. The acting and directing is excellent. Definitely worth seeing!
 The Count of Monte Cristo is an enjoyable ride from beginning to end. Starring the handsome Jim Caviezel in the lead role of Edmond Dantes and the Count, the story takes you on a nonstop ride of adventure. Also starring Guy Pearce as his best friend turned enemy The Count Mondego. The Count of Monte Cristo will leave you breathless. Revenge is sweet for after being wrongly convicted of a crime, Edmond is sent to prison for 13 years, were he meets a compassionate priest played by Richard Harris. After the sudden death of the priest and the joyest escape, Edmond sets out on a journey of revenge. Slowly taking everything from his ex-best friend the Count Mondego, Edmond who is now the Count of Monte Cristo, hatches a plan to seek the ultimate revenge against the people who had plotted to ruin his life. With period costume designs by Tom Rand, and under the very capable direction of Kevin Reynolds, The Count of Monte Cristo is an adventure waiting to happen, with a few twists on the way.
 I was going to leave a review saying something like, "Apart from the book, it's a good movie - but poor Mr. Dumas!  If I were him, I'd rise from the grave to haunt those filmmakers for what they did to my story...  But then I saw all these excellent reviews here that had already addressed the subject and gave detailed explanations of how the movie was different from the book, what parts were changed the most, and whether those changes were justified. So I guess I will not repeat what has already been said so well; instead, I'll just tell you what I personally liked about the movie. First of all I would like to say that whenever the movie mentions God, it is done in a very appropriate way, neither profane nor preachy. Another accomplishment that goes along the same line is the portrayal of Faria, who is a believer and at the same time a respectable figure. There have always been jerks among Christians, but there have always been admirable people as well. Sometimes moviemakers seem to forget that part. Another reviewer mentioned that they appreciated not having to cover their kids' eyes because there were no sexually explicit scenes in the movie. I agree; there was one somewhat close, but it could have been so much worse since there is a love story involved.  Overall, it is a good movie. Love, friendship, betrayal, long suffering, fantastic escape, instant riches, revenge - everything you need for a great adventure, plus a deeper meaning to ponder.
 "The Count of Monte Cristo is a rendition of Dumas' 1844 novel.  It portrays the life of Edmond Dantes, a man falsly accused treason.  He is imprisoned for 13 years, and vows revenge on those who betrayed him.  Once he breaks out, he uncovers a ledgendary treasure, and buys a life as a count.  With this, he calculates his plan to avenge his life.  "The Count of Monte Cristo is a film that encompasses action, drama, and even a little bit of comedy.  Guy Pearce ("Memento, "Ravenous") is phenomenal as the archetypal villian, and James Caviezel ("Angel Eyes, "Frequency") is very convincing.  It is a very classic action film ala "The Three Musketeers. (Coincidentally by the same author.... hmmmm)  "Count on a good time with "The Count of Monte Cristo. This movie provides one of the best film interpretations of Dumas' book I've seen.  Although much of the plot is cut out, realistically this movie is a great adaptation of an amazing book.  If you choose to see this movie, be sure to read the unabridged version of the book as well.  Even if you're not in it for the literature, this movie is an exciting watch regardless.
 Now THIS is the way more movies should be! This is an old-fashioned, well-made, well-acted, exciting, interesting film, telling a fine tale in a fine fashion.  The acting is superb, the cinematography is beautiful, the sets and locations are flat-out breathtaking...  "The Count of Monte Cristo is the name of one of those books you were either forced to read in high school, or the name of a book you wanted to read but never got around to it.  This movie will a) make you re-read the book because it was clearly better than you remember or b) make you go out and buy the book immediately.  A synopsis is not necessary; there are a few hundred written below.  Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce are terrific, as they usually are. Richard Harris' turn as Priest is effective as well.  The story deviates from the novel in ways that make it a better two-hour movie. This is not a word-for-word adaptation; it's not meant to be. There are some fairly major deviations, but they honestly make for a better film. The film is not meant to supplant the book...but BOY does it make you want to go read.  And THAT's high praise indeed!
 If you've ever wondered where the good adventure films have gone, look no more.  The Count of Monte Cristo is a fun romp into a classic Dumas work.  Swordfights, escape sequences, and interesting characters played perfectly are sprinkled around this work.  Jim Caviezel is perfect in his role
 It won't trouble the Oscar voters, it won't stimulate intense discussion and debate, but by crikey, this adaptation of Dumas' classic novel will make you forget about the drudgery of life for a couple of hours. This, in my opinion, is Kevin Reynolds best film since Fandango...and it's been some time!  He sticks to a formula of being fairly true to the book and keeping it simple - doing just enough to produce a piece of total entertainment.  He is of course working with great source material, and yes, we all know the story, but it's still great fun and thoroughly enjoyable. Jim Caviezel is simply spot on as the hard-done-by-hero Edmund Dantes.  As he showed in Angel Eyes, no-one does doe-eyed innocence like Jim, and he simply smoulders as the vengeful Count.  He has the screen presence of a 1940s movie idol - tall, broad, quiet and dignified - and you thought they didn't make 'em like that anymore! And, as he demonstrated in The Thin Red Line and Frequency, he is a fine actor. If they have any sense, producers will be queuing up to give him the sort of meaty roles that will guarantee him leading man status. Guy Pearce has fun as the evil Count Mondego. Kudos to the hair-dressing department for creating a "do worthy of Best Supporting Hair Piece status, but I think he thinks he is Alan Rickman in Robin Hood
 About 2/3 through this film, the director, Danny Schecter, talks about the predatory and devestating effects of the "subprime lending formula. As that has become an issue of late, you might see the film as a prophecy, and a sign the the bubble is, indeed, bursting.  I feel compelled to point out that a few 1-star reviewers saw this DVD as an indictment of Bush. Those people either didn't see it or had such a pro-Bush bias that they didn't hear Schecter and those he interviewed repeatedly saying that it pervades both parties!  And another important reflection
 In Debt We Trust warns that the U.S. economy is heading for collapse due to our massive borrowing. Given the current state of the economy (and the role that mortgage debt played in the crisis), the filmmakers appear to have been prescient. I don't think that this is a perfect film, but it held my attention.  The filmmakers score points when they discuss the marketing of credit cards to young people, especially college students. The film includes stories from many people about the problems their debts have created for them. In one good scene, the filmmakers pawn a car title; the scene is both entertaining and educational.  This film travels much of the same ground as another documentary, Maxed Out. Both films include clips from the same film. I like both films, but I prefer Maxed Out because the material seems a bit fresher. I also think that the filmmakers should have included more material about the need for Americans to take some responsibility for managing their debts and becoming financially literate.  In Debt We Trust does a great job of starting a conversation - about debt - that is long overdue in the U.S. Given that about 2/3 of our economy is based on consumer spending, I am pessimistic that the government will do anything to discourage debt. Individuals, however, are free to choose a different path for themselves.
 Very enlighteniing on the development of the debt problems we all face especially how we have gotten there with many ideas as to how to decrease our debts and change our purchasing patterns.All families and individuals should view this, an eye opener.
 Sharply critical of our national and personal use of debt to finance lifestyles beyond our means and an indictment of the credit/banking/mortgage industry engaged in predatory lending and usurious interest rates. This film came out in 2006; it's eerily prophetic of what happened to our economic house of cards in 2008.
 I made my teenager watch this movie, just so he can be aware of how corporate American busineses profit of the working class.  Very informative.A definite must see
 In ONE BODY TOO MANY, Bela Lugosi is amusing as the frustrated butler who can't get anyone to drink his rat poisoned coffee. Except for a couple of outdoor scenes, this highly underrated dark house farce could easily be a stageplay.  SYNOPSIS-- Insurance man Jack Haley is unaware that the wealthy oldster he's got an appointment with has died. Nervous Nelly Haley is mistaken for a hired detective/guard by relatives and business associates of the dearly departed who have gathered at his mansion for a reading of the will's preamble.  This intro states that if the deceased isn't interred under glass, those who are to receive $1 will instead get a lion's share of the estate and vice-versa. The many who feel they'll be otherwise shut out, scheme to either make the body disappear or to kill those few who may be in for a windfall. Whether he likes it or not, Haley is caught up in the madness. Before this night is over, very strange things are sure to occur!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.0) One Body Too Many (1944) - Jack Haley/Jean Parker/Bela Lugosi/Blanche Yurka/Lyle Talbot/Douglas Fowley/Fay Helm/Lucien Littlefield
 In ONE BODY TOO MANY, Bela Lugosi is amusing as the frustrated butler who can't get anyone to drink his rat poisoned coffee. Except for a couple of outdoor scenes, this highly underrated dark house farce could easily be a stageplay.  SYNOPSIS-- Insurance man Jack Haley is unaware that the wealthy oldster he's got an appointment with has died. Nervous Nelly Haley is mistaken for a hired detective/guard by relatives and business associates of the dearly departed who have gathered at his mansion for a reading of the will's preamble.  This intro states that if the deceased isn't interred under glass, those who are to receive $1 will instead get a lion's share of the estate and vice-versa. The many who feel they'll be otherwise shut out, scheme to either make the body disappear or to kill those few who may be in for a windfall. Whether he likes it or not, Haley is caught up in the madness. Before this night is over, very strange things are sure to occur!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.0) One Body Too Many (1944) - Jack Haley/Jean Parker/Bela Lugosi/Blanche Yurka/Lyle Talbot/Douglas Fowley/Fay Helm/Lucien Littlefield
 Niche market mfrs. such as A2ZCDS offer no commentary, deleted scenes, subtitles or other bonus features. Dubs are "best available source and can vary from very good to only fair.  In ONE BODY TOO MANY, Bela Lugosi is amusing as the frustrated butler who can't get anyone to drink his rat poisoned coffee. Except for a couple of outdoor scenes, this highly underrated dark house farce could easily be a stageplay.  SYNOPSIS-- Insurance man Jack Haley is unaware that the wealthy oldster he's got an appointment with has died. Nervous Nelly Haley is mistaken for a hired detective/guard by relatives and business associates of the dearly departed who have gathered at his mansion for a reading of the will's preamble.  This intro states that if the deceased isn't interred under glass, those who are to receive $1 will instead get a lion's share of the estate and vice-versa. The many who feel they'll be otherwise shut out, scheme to either make the body disappear or to kill those few who may be in for a windfall. Whether he likes it or not, Haley is caught up in the madness. Before this night is over, very strange things are sure to occur!  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (5.0) One Body Too Many (1944) - Jack Haley/Jean Parker/Bela Lugosi/Blanche Yurka/Lyle Talbot/Douglas Fowley/Fay Helm/Lucien Littlefield
 The sight of Jeremy Irons as the Morlock leader was enough to drive me to the local video store to buy this mid-priced selection. While the new version of the H. G. Wells novel plays to the contemporary youth market with the emphasis on the special effects to create the Wellsian idyll and the deformities of the Warlocks, it does miss the point a little. This, the original, won an Oscar for the special effects and given the technology of the day it was clearly well deserved. The movie itself set the tone for science fiction movies too with it's original setting and the ability to show the passage of time through several devices such as the circulating sun and the tailors dummy. It is the conception of the novel however, which for me emphasises the differences between this movie and the newer version. The central difference lies in the somewhat ordinariness of the society of the Eloi. They are living a simple, almost idyllic lifestyle, knowing nothing much about the world around them except what they need to know. They live in ruins with food and clothing provided for them. In the newer version there is some complex structures which do not make a whole lot of sense as they are still susceptible to raids from the Morlocks. The Eloi suggest a socialist society where each according to ability each according to need whereas the Morlocks represent the evils of the capitalist machine. In the end of course, the victory over the Morlocks is achieved with the aid of our hero who's single minded devotion to rescuing the heroine culminates in defeat of the capitalist machine. Thus the original time machine remains as true to the concept of the novel as perhaps it can be whereas the message of the new is obscured. Certainly the original Time Machine is a little dated but it is worth it.
 This is one to watch if you like sci-fi films, but don't like a grotesque, horror flick. The plot is built around the traditional good versus evil with good triumphing.
 This movie is one of the better quality movies from the 60's.  With very little special effects the story line is great.  The warning of what faces the world if we don't change our ways is played out very will here.  Excellent actors in Rod Taylor and Alan Young.
 This film has become a fiction classic. Based in an other classic fiction writer, H.G. Wells. A must seen film for all fiction lovers
 For a film from the 50's, this one delivers. Would recommend this one to anyone, especially si-fi nuts like myself. You'll enjoy it.
 This was one of my favorite movies growing up at the Saturday matinees. The other one being Mysterious Island. I had problems with the sound and the actors not being in sync with what they were saying. Maybe it was just my computer but it was a problem.
 Time travel has always fascinated me, and of course The Time Machine is the most basic time travel movie ever, right? I've never had a chance to read the book, but I found this an excellent film whose special effects stand up well to the test of time. Today's digital age can make flowers bloom and snails race across the floor more realistically, but the scenes of the sun flying across the sky, for example, were great. And the real beauty of the movie was the story and the message behind it.  It's hard to judge anything that might happen 800,000 years into the future. Progressive authors have made some interesting predictions in the past (look at the awesome flat-screen TVs in <a href="http
 Watching older movies, such as this one, can be quite enjoyable. There is no reliance on special effects, just what is needed to get to points. Otherwise this is a people movie commenting on Welles' vision of what may be. Rod Taylor plays his part well and for once was not the cavalier playboy as in others.  A nice piece was the featurette that included an updated visit of Welles and his friend. Nothing fancy, good watching.
 The movie was bought for my English class to watch after they read the book. They were a little skeptical because it was filmed a while ago, but they ended up enjoying it. The DVD was in great condition.
 After all these years, "The Time Machine (1960) remains a very entertaining movie.  Of the five or six films produced by George Pal, "The Time Machine", which was also directed by him, along with "The War of the Worlds (1953) are probably his finest films.  Both films are loosely based on the novels of H.G. Wells and, for their time, boasted state of the art special effects, for which both films won an Oscar.  Rod Taylor is the lead character, supposedly H.G. Wells himself, who claims to his friends to have invented a time machine, allowing him to travel back and forth in time.  His brief discussion with his friends, attempting to explain the principles of time travel, similar to the Wells novel, makes it seem almost plausible until one thinks about it a little longer.  Taylor,  whose British accent slowly fades away as the picture goes on, plays his character earnestly and is surrounded by an able cast
 Good movie in spite of the hokey special effects.  But, considering what they had to work with, it is very good.
 When I was a kid I can't recall how many times I watched this film on the television, but it was always among my favorites. It still is. What's great about getting older is how your experiences can actually improve on something that's already among your favorites. Sadly, it also diminishes some of the things you thought you liked. Everything about this film now has the weight of emotional maturity working for it. Today the emotional punch of a man saying goodbye to his world, even for what he thought was a brief trip, holds a lot more poignancy now then it did back then. That's especially the case for the one friend who holds out on the hope of your return despite the unlikliness of such an event. This film opens with a restless man stuck in an age, his age, where he despises man's futility but accepts that life amicably enough. It ends in a similar manner but now that man holds a sense of purpose, a goal he has set and will fulfill to the best of his ability. He starts with curiosity and ends with a motive. The FX of this film are dated. They have to be. But the story itself is timeless. Forgive the pun. The one disappointment is the battle towards the end. The Morlocks are not as scary as before. They're just as vile, but pathetic. I also wish George Pal had insisted on a scene from the book where the time traveller sees the future after the Morlock time when the sun is dimming. Anyway, this has worn very well with age.
 The Time Machine is great although maybe for different reasons now compared to when it was first released in the 60s, the special effects have not stood the test of time very well, but because it doesn't take itself too seriously there is much fun to be had watching blue bodybuilders wearing mops on their heads, a lava destruction sequence that was done filmed with your basement train set and hot jam and where the harebrained futuristic people are all blonde!, all makes the Time Machine a must see and eons better than its remake.  Before the turn of the 20th century George Wells builds a time machine and instead of going into the past decides to visit the future. His journey leads him to meet with children of his friends from the past, multiple world wars and a future society where humanity has speciated into two opposing groups. Can George prove it all happened and can his machine change fate? If you like any sort of corny classic film then The Time Machine is a whole bag of that and then some more. It might not have heavy duty thinking behind it like Forbidden Planet, and watches much like an extended episode of Star Trek
 This really is a great movie in about every way.  It's well written & acted.  It has forsight. It's fun.  There are slow parts for people who can't appreciate the story and/or have a short attention span.  I have a hard time bringing myself to spend the time to re-watch it when I'm in the mood but when I do, I'm always glad I did.  I don't think any DVD collection is complete without this awesome classic.
 This was one of the scariest movies I had seen up until it came out in the 1960s as a child terrified that the A-bomb was going to drop any time I heard a fire alarm. When the Time Traveler gets to 1964 and the air raid sirens are going off, that was it for me. The movie was turned off! I didn't see it in its entirety until several years later and I outgrew (mostly) that fear.  I even got a copy of the book and read (most all of) it, for it, too, is a chilling tale of "what if.  I happened to watch the 2002 remake last night and it was OK, and entertaining. It definitely has flashier special effects. (How is it that Guy Pearce can outrun those CGI speed-induced Morlocks?)  Still, this one with Rod Taylor and Yvette Mimieux is the granddaddy.  It won't disappoint.
 First i'd like to say that although there are some differences between the movie and book.... i still loved it!  Second... while i was reading some reviews (mostly the bad ones) the one that bothered me was that of 'davidfancella,' when says that the relationship between Weena and time traveler is man and pet, that was not how i viewed it in the novel, i did feel a romantic connection and i don't think i was the only one and everyone is entitled to their opinion and their interpretation and i did get a romantic feeling between them in the book.  Yes in the book the Eloi were short and i was kind of disapointed that they were of average height here but that is my only complain.  The ending was changed and i like this hollywood ending better only because in the book it left me wondering what happened to the time traveler and i wanted to know and this movie tells you what happened, but if you are the type that likes when writers leaves the ending up to the readers imagination then read the book, read the book anyways because i did enjoy it!  I think the movie looked and sounded great, even if the evil creatures did look totally fake even if some things from the book were changed and left out. I think it was a great story, and a great cast and the roles were played out perfectly. Like i said, different yet from all the versions i've seen, this is the one closer to the book of the time traveler disapointed with the present who thought that the future was his answer and that humanity would progress only to be disapointed again when he sees how lazy and dumb society becomes. Really makes one think!
 George Pal's classic movie is a delight from begining to end, and, surprisingly, much closer to Well's book than his great grandson's lame remake, with much creepier Morlocks. The documentary on the DVD is a mixed bag, with great stuff about what has become of the machine itself, it's rescue and restoration, and also odd stuff with Alan Young and Rod Taylor in a sequel scene that contradicts the movie. The  documentary is dedicated to the memories of George Pal and Mike Minor, the latter a friend of mine who is much missed. Skip the remake and enjoy the original.
 I saw this as a kid when I was at my grandma's house and I really enjoyed it. I have watched it again as an adult and still find it to be just as entertaining. It's about a man who builds a time machine and goes into the future. He finds humans and a mutant cannibalistic breed of humans who live underground and eat normal humans. He meets a very pretty woman named Weena and they and the others must confront the monsters. It has a great ending and though the special effects are VERY dated, it's still really cool to see the time-lapse effect as he travels through the centuries. The movie is squeaky clean, has little kissing, mild action and is ok for most kids. It's a little scary in some parts but the monsters look so cheesy it's sort of funny. I find it really interesting to watch movies that my parents and grandparents saw. I think this movie is a classic and will be enjoyed for many more generations.
 I saw this movie on tv when I was a child.  It made a big impression on me.  I saw it again as an adult and realized it had even more to offer in the way of concepts (above and beyond the special effects).  I know this movie was remade.  I saw the remake, I can't remember very much about it, it was unremarkable.  But this version was intriguing, and thought provoking and has cool special effects.  I shared it with my grandson for the first time.  He's 10 years old and jaded by Modern Warefare II type graphics, but he still appreciated this movie.  It has special effects, it has a story, and it sticks in your mind.  What else could you ask for?
 The Time Machine had a great effect on me. I found it to be enjoyable and it had very fascinating theories throughout. What I liked most in the book was the interesting characters, H.G. Wells' style of writing, the parallel of Eloi and Morlocks to society now, how the book always kept my attention, and finally I liked how the narrator left us questioning the conclusion of the novel.   First, I liked how interesting the characters were simply because that is a vital aspect to a good novel. I was impressed by the Time Traveller, and how he was determined to prove his machine to be a success. The characters whom attended his dinners always seemed a little skeptical of his ideas and theories. The Time Traveller explains his discovery of the fourth-dimension and the Psychologist interrupts stating, You can move about in all directions of space, but you cannot move about in Time  (III.13.16).   The second thing I liked about the novel was the authors' style of writing. Wells remained descriptive throughout the book. For a novel based on imagination and theories, I found it important that Wells had kept some reality in it. (Reality being the descriptive details in the novel.) With all these crazy ideas going on in the book, Wells had to keep our minds somewhat intact to what his visions were. The Time Traveller describes the Eloi's as being  very beautiful and graceful creatures, but indescribably frail. His flushed face reminded me of the more beautiful kind of consumptive-that hectic beauty of which we used to hear so much (III.34.33.)   Another aspect of the novel I enjoyed, was the parallel of the Eloi and Morlocks to society now. We begin to understand that the Eloi and Morlocks are humans after great evolution and time. It amazed me to see how society completely divided itself between graceful creatures and creatures of the underworld.   The fourth thing I liked was how the book kept my attention the whole way through. I constantly wanted to know what was going to happen next or how the Time Traveller was going to escape the Morlocks and get back to his machine.   Finally, I really enjoyed how the narrator concludes the Time Travellers disappearance. The narrator says, The Time Traveller vanished three years ago. And, as everybody knows now, he has never returned (XII.124.18). I liked this because it made you question whether the Time Traveller had vanished into the future forever, whether he had always been from a past time and had gone back, or what was to come of him? So, as it began with one mans' imagination, it ends with your own.
 This was written so so long ago and to think they had a vivid imagination! If they could apply what they did with rise of the planet of the apes with the morlocks or even pass this to christopher nolan! It would hit huge!
 this is a great little movie, one you can watch over and over again. thats what I plan to do.
 Excellent acting by Taylor, Young, Cabot, and Mimieux (sp?). Good sets and fine (if now outdated story). To reviewer Michael Butts. Giant was directed by George Stevens, not George Pal.
 Unlike the recent re-make this flows more of the book diologe....   I give it good acting credit, Alough I think it does kinda lack the classic touch but it was the good classic tech (not the best but good) Ide suggest renting it, buy it if you relly like it!.
 Although quite different in tone and content from the original novel by H.G. Wells, George Pal's Oscar winner for Special Effects,The Time Machine convincingly conveys the wonder and mystery of time travel. Rod Taylor's  highly believable and intense portrayal of the time traveler is a major  strength of the film. Even though the special effects are  dated   and reveal at times the  effects  of low budget, they manage to  hold up over repeated viewings much like Pal's The War of the Worlds.  The  Victorian atmosphere of The Time Machine is as vivid as the strangeness of  the world in 802,701AD. In spite of its genre', the film manages to  effectively portray the need for preserving our human-ness throughout time.  If the obvious adherence to Hollywood comic book rescue/adventure and  romance are given poetic license, the film is still very unique,  entertaining, and worth having in one's film library.
 An anti-war theme is prominent throughout this classic sci-fi flick.  In the lead you have Rod Taylor starring as inventor H.G. Wells, a man seeking relief from, and improvement of, the world in which he lives.  Demonstrating a miniature version of his time machine for a trio of friends (including Sebastian Cabot of "Family Affair fame) on New Year's Eve 1899, he laments that he was born in the wrong time...and that he would like to journey into the future to live among more civilized peoples.  He desires the utopia that he thinks technology will inevitably bring, but also cries out at the corruption of technology for other than peaceful purposes. His journey, however, leaves him feeling overwhelmed as it is far from what he expects.  He initially watches the years go by from his machine as represented by a manequin he observes in a shop window across the street.  There, he views what he regards as a harbinger of societal descent into a more liberal way of life.  As fashions change dramatically over the decades, he blushingly remarks, "You call that a dress?".  He makes three intermediate stops on his way to his ultimate destination--the first in 1917, the second in 1940, and the third in 1964.  They all, conveniently, coincide with raging wars (the final one, a ficticious World War III fought with nuclear weapons that lasts for 326 years).   Embittered and frightened, he moves on, ultimately coming to a stop some 800,000 years in the future.  Wells is initially delighted with his new-found utopia and attempts to befriend the native Eloi, a blond-haired, blue-eyed, fair-skinned Aryan race of humans.  He is quickly repulsed as he sees them passively watch as one of their own (Weena, played by the lovely Yvette Mimieux) starts to drown only a few feet from the others.  After saving her, he learns that they are nothing more than a race of slow-witted, cowardly do-nothings who rely on the sinister Morlocks for survival.   The Morlocks, who look like a cross between the Hulk and the gill man on "The Creature from the Black Lagoon, were the humans who chose to continue living underground after the end of the last war.  They deevolved physically and morally and, as a result, developed into ravenous cannibals who fattened up the Eloi so as to devour them at a later date (eating the oldest ones first). There is no written word within either culture and that lends itself to the theory that cultures tend to stagnate without the written word.  Without books there is no learning beyond pure observation and word of mouth and, in this case, both races eventually lost whatever skills and knowledge they once possessed. Eventually, the Eloi and Morlocks took on a primitive symbiotic relationship.  You have the peace-loving, vegetarian, let-nature-take-its-course Eloi one one side, and the militaristic (they still use air raid sirens to hypnotize the Eloi), meat-eating (of a sort), control-your-own-destiny Morlocks.  Despite his appreciation for much of the Eloi philosophy--he initially mistakes them for economic genuises--he quickly realizes the truth about them and grows disgusted with their apathetic attitude towards self-improvement and advancement.  Ironically, circumstances dictate him teaching the Eloi the value of fighting (back), a trait he abhorred.  As a result, the Eloi defeat the Morlock in a demonstration that while war may be bad it can also be the LESSER of two evils.  Still, after their victory, the Eloi are left to answer the question "How do we fend for ourselves now?".  Wells chooses to stay among them, returning to his time only long enough to retrieve three books to help them in their journey.  In the final scene of the movie, one of the inventor's friends discusses Well's future with Well's housekeeper.  He finally asks her (and the audience), "Which three books would you have chosen?". The film confronts the positives and negatives of pacifism vs. militarism and, in an overall generic sense, liberalism vs. conservatism, all with regard to the survival and growth of a society.  Eventually, the movie shows that raging examples of either philosophy isn't the solution--that the true solution resides closer to the middle of the spectrum (with the pendulum tilting into conservative territory. The story is timeless, the script and acting good, and George Pal's special effects excellent considering the age of the movie.  The movie's depth is often overlooked, and it is a worthy addition to any DVD library.
 Skip the godawful remake that's in theaters right now, and get the original instead.  This is one of the greatest science fiction movies of all time, and the DVD restoration is great.   The movie itself has much to recommend it.  It follows the book very closely, Rod Taylor was an excellent choice for the lead, and the special effects (which won an Oscar in 1960) have aged surprisingly well.   It takes place in 1899, and a great deal of effort was taken to ensure historic authenticity.  The time machine itself is a beautiful Victorian contraption that wouldn't look out of place in, say, 12 Monkeys.  The Eloi of the 800k century look exactly as I would have pictured them, and the Morlocks are suitably creepy. Much has been said for the special effects, which use some very effective stop-action photography.  They are judiciously used here, and with only a couple of tiny exceptions, do a great job of suspending disbelief. The DVD transfer is stunning, rivaling that of North by Northwest.  The colors (originally done using Metrocolor) are deeply saturated and vivid, only looking slightly washed out in a couple of places.  Artifacts from the original print are present here and there (noticeably in the rotting fruit sequence), but for the most part have been well cleaned up.  This certainly doesn't look like a 40-year-old movie. The DVD includes a documentary which is really interesting in parts, but really drags in others (the special effects explanations are *exhaustive*), which isn't a problem since it has its own chapter stops.  What's really informative is to watch the original movie footage in the documentary and compare it to the restored footage in the movie itself.  Night and day.  Oh yeah, and Michael J. Fox and Carl Sagan make appearances! All in all, a classic movie that's aged well, and a brilliant transfer to match.
 "H. G. Wells' The Time Machine is another of the great George Pal movies which did so much to bring science fiction to the big screen.  Naturally, the movie is based on H. G. Well's book "The Time Machine", which was first published in 1895.  However, there is a significant change between the movie and the book.  In the book, Wells focused on a class struggle which ultimately resulted in the separation between the Eloi and the Morlocks.  The movie, though, is about war.  The main character George (a.k.a. H. G. Wells) stops at three places in time, each of them being a major conflict; World War I, World War II, and the last a nuclear war which George Pal places in the year 1966, just six years after the movie.  The movie debuted in Japan on June 10th of 1960, before moving on to the U.S. on August 17th of the same year.  The movie stars Rod Taylor as George, with Alan Young playing David Filby and James Filby (father and son), Yvette Mimieux as Weena, and Sebastian Cabot as Dr. Hillyer.  This movie, along with "Destination Moon", "When Worlds Collide", and "War of the Worlds are classics produced by George Pal, which defined science fiction in the movies.  After "The Time Machine", Pal turned his talents to fantasy, producing films like "Atlantis, the Lost Continent", "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm", and the wonderful and bizarre "7 Faces of Dr. Lao".
 Good special effects for the time it was produced. Kind of a melancholy story but well worth watching. In many ways better than the more recent interpretation of the novel.
 I saw this movie in 1960 at a drive-in, and it so impressed me that I stayed to see it again!  (You could do that in those days!)  I've also read the H. G. Wells story it's based on, and the movie does it justice.  This is one of George Pal's best!  The cast is great, the special effects are tops, and the cinematography is beautifully done!  And this DVD is a worthy addition to anyone's collection.  The movie is in widescreen format, the image quality is very good, and the special features--cast &amp; crew notes, awards, theatrical trailer--includes the documentary Time Machine
 Back in the mid 1960's we were given a glimpse into the future courtesy of George Pal. The oscar winning film still manages to stir the imaginaion after all these years. For fans of the movie it doesnt get better than this. The film transfer is shown in its theatrical widescreen  version  and is digitally mastered from the original print. Included is a making of documentary hosted by Rod Taylor and can also be heard in 5.1 surround sound. I would have given this DVD a 5 star rating had they included some deleted scenes, and possibly an isolated music score. Sure its no Terminator 2 as far as special effects, but as far as story goes it still manages to keep me wanting to go up to the attic and get out my legos and erector sets and build a time machine of my own.
 I have been searching for this very version of this title for quite a long time. I owe the newer version of this film & I find it to be a very Poor remake of a very great Classic movie.
 This time travelling tale  is getting quite old, but is still fine  entertainment that will stir the imagination. Saw this movie around 40  years ago and even if some stuff is outdated, it still holds my attention.
 The Time Machine is an excellent science fiction movie about time travel that was one of the first to use special effects in great detail.  An inventor, played by Rod Taylor, builds a time machine and begins to travel through time.  He sees both WWI and WWII as well as 1968 during the Cold War in which he experiences a nuclear attack.  The movie really picks up when he travels far into the future to a time when people are ruled by Morlocks, cannibalistic creatures who basically breed humans so they can eat them.  Seeing how horrible it is, the inventor tries to free them from the wrath of the Morlocks.    This is a very exciting movie that has some very good commentary on our society as a whole.  Throughout the movie, the inventor sees the mindset of people as he travels through time and often how ridiculous things really are.  Rod Taylor is excellent as the inventor while Yvette Minieux is gorgeous as Weena, the young woman he befriends while trying to save the Eloi from the Morlocks.  The DVD offers a documentary about the film as well as a widescreen presentation which looks very good.  Fans of the sci-fi genre will enjoy this classic that has great characters and even better special effects! Don't miss this sci-fi classic!
 I'm one of the few aged souls who first saw this in a theatre when it was first released. But, I've also seen it several times since on VHS. (I'm new to DVD so I can neither praise nor criticize the techno dis- or advantages of that new medium.) I've read the H. G. Wells novella several times and, like most people, I guess, have occasional fantasies of time travel. Years after I'd first seen the film, I had a minor criticism, that the novella had more "socialist undertones. The Eloi and the Morlocks had parted special ways due to economic oppression, i.e., the latter being imprisoned in mines and factories so long that they  became a troglyditic, brutal, predatory species while the former were weak, meek, ignorant, and the prey of the Morlocks. The film depoliticized that to a degree. In retrospect, that depoliticization (forgive the long word) may have been necessary for the movie market of the time. The anti-communist fervor still existed then. What's more, to make the story more meaningful to the young viewers, the producers and screen writers may have left out that which seemed more appropriate to Wells' time. And there WAS politics, appropriate to the time. For instance, the air raid alarm went off and the Eloi went into a trance to march to the dinner tables of the Morlocks. In other words, the original meaning of that alarm had been lost after thousands of centuries of distortion. The characters were adequate, though I still find it hard to see Rod Taylor as an Englishman. Other leading characters went on to roles such as the lead human character in "Mr. Ed, and Giles French, the genial butler in "Family Affair. In any event, the special effects were superbly done, the story well executed. I could criticize the simplistic romance of Yvette Mimieux's character, but the rest of the story overshadowed that. And, as others have pointed out, there was a challenge to "realism, what one would expect after 8000 centuries. But the "li cense of the medium, and the points of the story make up for those weaknesses. Neither Wells nor the producers intended  historical realism.  And one cannot help but be amused by the futurist speculation, e.g., a nuclear war beginning in 1966. Again, that was a overwhelming fear in the year the film was made and seemed all too possible.  Because I've so loved this film for the last 42 (!) years, I asked my wife for the soundtrack and for the "remake (if that's what it is) from Amazon.com for Christmas. When I get them, perhaps I'll add a couple more reviews on these pages. For now, I think this film is a classic, and I still recommend the novella.
 A nice way to spend a wet Saturday afternoon - this is a matinee classic if ever there was one. The story is closer to Planet of the Apes than Back to the Future, and the special effects are mostly pretty impressive bearing in mind it's a 42 year old film. I think they won an Oscar, as a matter of fact. The Bad Dudes - the  Morlocks  - are utterly ridiculous looking and simply not scary at all, unless the idea of be-mulleted, blue bodied hulks with bad back hair keep you up at night. But that aside (and probably all the more because of it) it's all good stuff, and the good doctor makes the right call at the end by ditching the stiffs in 19th century London and ... oh, but that would be telling.
 In 1960, filmmaker George Pal brought to fruition a visionary concept for a film based on a novel by H.G. Wells, about an inventor who builds a machine that enables him to travel through time, specifically into the future, where he learns a timeless, universal truth about the machinations of society and some of the basic tenets of human nature.  "The Time Machine, which Pal produced and directed, stars Rod Taylor as George, the inventor/time traveler/hero, who, born into a time and world that doesn't suit him, decides to do something about it.   ...  Going into this project, George Pal had a definite vision of what he wanted to accomplish with this film, from the way the time machine itself looked, to the way he wanted to present the future of mankind and the world.  And working from the intelligent, imaginative screenplay by David Duncan, he succeeded by delivering a film that has since become a classic of the Science Fiction genre.  The nature of the story demands that the viewer suspend disbelief, of course, but Pal develops his story in such a plausible, straightforward manner that it is easy to do just that.  He puts George on the journey of a lifetime, and he takes his audience along for the ride.  He does an exquisite job of establishing the Victorian era in which the story begins, as well as the world of the Eloi and the Morlocks.  The F/X he employs to convey the sense of George's movement through time-- like the swift arcing of the Sun and Moon, and the quick, subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) changes George observes-- are entirely effective.  Pal obviously had a devotion to detail that pays off handsomely here.  A dedicated filmmaker, he refused to settle for less than what he knew was right for his picture, and it shows.  The result is a film that is entertaining, timeless and memorable.  As George, Rod Taylor is perfectly cast and gives a solid performance in which he embodies the boldness, the imagination and tenacity of his character.  Most importantly, he makes George believable and his motivations credible, which enables the viewer to be swept along with the story.  Taylor has a commanding presence that serves his character well, and he is, in fact, the veritable personification of the explorer/adventurer, a man willing to take a chance or face unbelievable odds to accomplish his goal.  Taylor is a fine actor who has made a number of movies, but of them all, this is the role for which he will probably be best remembered.  Also perfect in her role is Yvette Mimieux, as one of the Eloi, Weena.  A talented actress-- now something of a `60s icon, in fact-- her fair beauty, along with the innocent demeanor and vulnerability she manages to convey, makes her character entirely convincing.  And the way she plays it makes George's actions more likely, as well.  Granted, her character is well written to begin with, but Mimieux's the one who sells it in the translation from page to screen.    The supporting cast includes Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Watchett), Bob Barran (Eloi Man), James Skelly (Second Eloi Man) and Paul Frees (Voice of the Talking Rings).  A transporting flight of fantasy, expertly crafted and imaginatively presented, "The Time Machine is captivating entertainment that will make you believe that time travel is possible.  it paints a bleak picture of the future, to be sure, but it gives you and leaves you with that which has kept Man putting one foot in front of the other since Time began
 Boy, did a nice DVD transfer like this one  not only make me appreciate the visuals in here more but made the story seem better, too, for some reason. I only acquired the DVD as a memento, so to speak. I had to have at least one movie which had the woman I had a crush on back in the early '60s
 Very interesting and well done.  Really enjoyed the story, acting and cinematography.
 The last Samurai is a very good film that falls just short of being great.That should not take away from the fact that it is one of the year's ten best films or that it contains one of the year's better performances in the form of Ken Watanbe, whose portrayal of a loyal Samurai leader is amazing as he draws you in to his world and culture. You can see why Tom Cruise follows him into his ways. This film is directed very well by the underrated Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise gives a very good performance. The only problem I have with this film is how self important it is. Even films of this magnitude should not tug so hard on the epic strings. We get the point that this is a big historical epic. No need to keep implying it. However, this film is still worthy of some awards and a good audience.
 The Last Samurai, the new Tom Cruise action epic features nice perfomances and great battle sequences.  Director Edward Zwick who made the astounding "Glory along with the fine film  "Legends of Fall, makes another epic with powerful direction.   Tom Cruise delivers a powerful performance as captain nNathan Algren.  He was a hero during the Civil War, but he feels much shame for a horrible atrocity which he participated in which was a slaughter of Indian women and children.  He feels remorse for the Indians and much contempt in the general who he helped commit the act.  So he flees to Japan to train the Japanese army for 500 dollars a month.  During a beginning battle he is captured by a group of Samurai warriors.  Ken Watanabe is so compelling as the Samurai leader he nearly humiliates Cruise.  Cruise is so amazed by the teachings and beliefs of the Samurai he stays with them and fights for their cause.   Being a $140 million epic, The Last Samurai truly does deliver.  The battle sequences are spectacular, some of the best since Mel Gibson's Braveheart.  The Last Samurai is rated R for Strong Violence and Battle Sequences.  The battles are not exceptionally bloody but include guns, bayonets, swords, arrows, spears and cannonfire.  They are made to be more intense than actually gory.   The film has been nominated for 3 Golden Globes. Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Best Origianl Score are the nominees. It will probably receive a substantial amount of Academy Award nominations, we'll just have to wait and see.  All in all a fine film worth viewing in theatres and owning on Video or DVD.  For the Best Actor award, it will definetly be between Tom Cruise and Jude Law, in my opinion.
 I enjoyed watching "The Last Samurai again.  It's one of my daughter's favorites and was under the Christmas tree for her this year.  Tom Cruise is the star.  He plays Nathan Algren, a veteran of wars with the American Indians and is haunted by atrocities committed.  We see numerous black and white flashbacks of women and children being shot by soldiers.  Being part Native American, I found these sequences particularly moving and disturbing.  So for me, Algren's depression that sent him to drink seemed quite believable.  Cruise does seem so determined that his acting at times seems a bit forced and calculated rather than an organic performance.  That said, he was nominated for Best Actor by the Golden Globes.  Edward Zwick directed the picture and won the Best Director Award from the National Board of Review.  He has also directed "Glory, "The Siege, & "Blood Diamond.  Ken Watanabe as Katsumoto shined in this picture.  He's the philosophic Samurai who leads the rebellion against technological compromises with the West.  He demonstrates intelligence, compassion and the rarest of all screen commodities, wisdom.  The final battle sequence is incredible.  He well deserved his Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination.  Tim Robbins took home the gold in that category for <a href="http
 When I first heard of this movie, I didn't think it would be that great, so I never bothered to go see it in theaters. Later on, I ended up downloading the movie, and didn't think much of it.  But now after watching the movie on BD, I think that the movie is quite outstanding. Its got a good story behind it, with some level of historical basis behind it with Samurai becoming phased out into Japan's modernization.  It does a good job in immersing you into the conflicts that warriors must endure... and yet, find peace with the way of the Samurai as they are a warrior race and not savages.  4/5 stars.
 Last Samurai is no masterpiece  but technically it is  the visuals, the sound effects, the music.  If you want to show off to your friends what a great hi-def system you got, purchase this movie.  If you want a classic, but lord of the rings or gone with the wind instead.
 I only review the picture and sound quality of this  HD DVD here.  First of all people who claim there is no difference between this and the SD DVD is either blind, or have bad equipment issues. While it is a definitive step up from the SD DVD I would agree that this isn't among the best I've seen. There is nothing particularly wrong with the transfer, but it lacks that "3d look that some of the best HD DVD titles offer.The goods are very accurate colors and contrast level, black level is also good with ample shadow detail.Film grain is at minimal, and don't see any edge enhancement.Sharpness is where the problem lies, and so is detail is lacking a bit. This movie didn't have the typical big action picture sound, though it had a sweeping score, and some battle related sound, but it won't be your new demo disc. The Dolby Digital+ sound does as much as it can with the source, and it's by no means is bad, it's just not all that great. All in all it's an above then average discs, and if you like the movie then this is the best it looks right now on home video.
 While this movie was quite long, and long winded in some parts, it is still a terrific movie played by some terrific actors.  Tom Cruise's Nathan was a great character in this story and was one you really wanted to pull for. And the lord he grew to respect and become great friends with, Katsumoto, was played brilliantly by Watanabe.  The action scenes and scenary in general was beautiful in this movie. Especially that 'ninja vs samurai' scene, which was something to watch...  All in all this was a great touching movie but the final ending scene was a bit too unoriginal for my tastes, and reminded me of way too many other movies. Thats why this is a 4 on my scale.
 Tom Cruise's character comes off as a man who has seen violence from the time the doctor slapped his butt. War does things to soldiers that nobody else can understand or comprehend. The music is impressive, especially before the large battle. I feel goosebumps everytime I watch it. From the Cruise/Samurai entrance to the emperor receiving the sword.  Go for it.
 I gave this movie my undevided attention and found myself on a roller coaster of being engaged and indifferent.  The development of the movie at the beginning was good, the first battle scene being very good, actually.  That really set the stage for Cruise's character to evolve, arch, etc., but it fell short and didn't come full circle for me.  We see Tom Cruise as a victim at first and then a willing participant with a foreign culture, very similar to Dances With Wolves.  I would have liked to have seen a lot more detail about his assimilation and the family that took him in.  The "heart of the movie was moving, and it has an ending that stuns the viewer.
 Okay, so the plot is just Dances with Wolves set in Japan.  I still thought it looked glorious and that Tom is becoming a fine actor and that Ken Watanabe was fantastic!  For the length of the film, you're transported back in time 100 years and get a wonderful taste of the period.  The sword fights are wonderful, especially one where Tom's character is set upon by four samurai.  Usually, a Hollywood film showing the hero fighting against multiple attackers looks extremely corny
 A movie with production value like The Last Samurai will never go unnoticed. Especially when it boasts some of the most recognizable names in Hollywood. But whether the movie holds good on its own or not is an altogether different issue.That job is left to us, the viewers. And The Last Samurai, albeit with some reservation, does manage to stand on its own against the likes of Dances With Wolves and Glory. The Story
 What a wonderful movie! In the same tradition as Dances With Wolves and Braveheart, this historical epic really showed me a world of amazing bravery and a beautiful culture that has found itself dying out. The story is a classic hero's journey of a man haunted by deeds of his past, who finds unexpected redemption through his involvement with a people whom he at first sets out to destroy. Nathan Algren leaves behind his nightmares of his time spent in the American west to take a position in Japan, training the new Imperial Army to fight the ancient samurai who are rebelling against the government's efforts to modernize. Taken prisoner by the samurai leader, Katsumoto, he develops a bond with the great warrior and a respect and love for both the Japanese people and the samurai way of life. Adopting their ways as his own, eventually he finds a way to forgive himself for the atrocities he'd committed in his past and to find the honor he feels he doesn't deserve. The settings in the movie are beautiful, depicting a bucolic and serene Japanese countryside steeped in mystery and tradition. Yet underneath it all lies the teeming violence inherent in the samurai way of life. Never for once are we allowed to forget that these men are trained warriors. Even in a moment of fun and celebration they are called upon to defend their people against cloaked assassins.  I admit that the "Tom Cruise factor was a bit of a distraction for me. I was never quite able to forget that it was Tom Cruise on the screen, and perhaps if the movie had starred an actor with a lesser well-known resume, I might have been able to lose myself more in the mind of the hero. Still, Mr. Cruise did a wonderful job of showing the inner demons of Nathan Algren and the subsequent transformation that took him from a disillusioned Civil War hero to an honorary samurai warrior willing to lay down his life for a people and a way of life not his own but still worth saving. I also loved Ken Watanabe, who demonstrated the quiet strength, wisdom and bravery that would have made his character, Katsumoto, a legend among both samurai and the Japanese people. The only complaint I have is that I would have loved to see the relationship between Nathan and his caretaker, the beautiful Koyuki as Taka, developed. As it was, the love that grew between these two was shown in long gazes and even, eventually, an almost chaste kiss and a few lingering touches. Perhaps it is simply the romantic in me that would have loved to have seen more. For a great story, this movie really fits the bill. Action, intrigue, a tortured hero and a subtle love story - between an American and the samurai culture - are all blended together to make for a wonderful experience.
 Okay! Okay! It's not Kurosawa! It's not some fantastic hard to locate Samurai classic! It's not worth taking your hand out of your laps and getting out of your mom's basement long enough to go and purchase it!!! However, Mr. or Mrs. Purist, it certainly serves as a decent introduction into the Samurai film genre!!! Before I go any further, here's the lowdown
 (...) Ken Watanabe is the true last samurai in this film (and was nominated for best actor in a supporting role) All the Japanese warriors in the final battle scene all commit seppuku instead of being captured. Cruise pops up like a drunken soldier. Cruise is as always easy on the eyes but does not convince as a Samurai Warrior.  He's a lover not a warrior...There are also  bits of humor in this film added by Cruise that seems totally out of place.  I love him in every movie but this one is not his best. Also Academy Nominated for Costume Design, Art Direction, and Sound Mixing.  This is no Kurosawa Samurai epic if that's what you're looking for but I sill like the attempt!  I totally agree with the Dances with Wolves analogy!
 I went to see this film in the hopes of seeing some good action and perhaps a bit of engaging plot concerning the history of modern Japan, and I'll admit, I was not disappointed.  Still, I think the fans of Tom Cruise and the modern Hollywood presentation would have seen this as more of an overwhelming hit than I did, as I plunked down for 150 minutes of what was, after all, the fabled silver screen that had so entertained me as a kid in the 1970s.  What it looked like, more than anything else, was a new entry in the style of shoot-em-up (or slice-em-up) Western movies, as indeed the time setting would make it, at 1876 - 1877.  Cpt. Algren, late of Custer's fame in the post-bellum Indian campaigns, is off to assist the nascently forward-looking empire of Japan, who seems to be having its own trouble with stubborn indigenous folk.  In taking a newly-formed conscript army to the field against the nobly-savage Samurai (are these the same "Samurai I remember there being seven of?), he comes face-to-face with who they really are, under the care of the gracious Taka (Koyuki), who bids him to carry on the tradition of her family's honor, using his "mind".  Don't worry, the "mushy parts aren't all that frequent, as in the typical John Wayne or James Stewart classic, so the younger boys won't have to keep their eyes shut long.  I was indeed struck by the immense quality of the cinematography, on what appeared to be a 2.35
 The place - Japan.  The time - the late 1800s.  Japan is on the way to modernization, but not all approve.  Samurai find that their time-honored code of bushido and beliefs to be hopelessly out of synch with Japanese society and favor with the emperor.  Into this clash of old versus new comes Tom Cruise as a burnt-out soldier who hopes to find meaning to his life.  At first a captive, he comes to understand, respect, and eventually side with the samurai in their noble but futile struggle against what must be. An excellent film for afficinados of Japanese culture, martial arts, and those who desire their action films to have three dimensions.
 The last samurai is one of my favorite movies.  Im pretty sure many would agree with me there.  The performances in this film are spectacular and it has a very entertaining story. Unfortunately, this blu-ray does not do the film justice.  It's just a good blu-ray when it really could have been great.  The way this movie was shot was just beautiful and the blu ray does not take advantage of it very well.  I felt like this was just a slight improvement over the dvd release. The audio fares a little better but still misses opportunities especially during the battle sequences.  For example, when cannons fire it isn't powerful at all. Fortunately, there are a ton of really good extras on the disc.  They are interesting to watch if you want to know more about how the movie was made. If you are looking to get the last samurai this is definitely the version to get.  It just doesn't fully take advantage of the power of blu-ray.
 Tom Cruise plays the role of Captain Nathan Algren, an American soldier who has become disillusioned with his life (he starts to regret the fact that the only thing he is good at seems to be killing). He reluctantly accepts a position to train an army of Japanese transcripts to use Western fighting techniques to combat the Samurai. He is ultimately captured by the Samurai, who need him as a source of information about their enemy. As a captive of the Samurai, Nathan learns the ways of the Samurai and their people, and eventually learns to respect their philosophy about honor and service.
 I have loved this movie since it was first released and have the original DVD release which I have watched several times.  Most all the reviews I see here are either for the Standard DVD and focus on the great story line and acting but not the quality of the DVD itself.  Yes, Tom Cruse does shows some wonderful acting chops and, yes, Ken Watanabe steals the show but let's move on.  So this one will focus on the Blu-ray DVD's quality.   Bought the Blu-ray version from Amazon and it was delivered post haste.  When I first looked at the back cover information I was disappointed that the audio was Dolby Digital 5.1 rather than a lossless DTSHD 5.1, almost thought of returning it before even watching but am glad I kept it.  The video quality of the movie is fairly pristine with no artifacting, good details in the shadows and a sparkling clear transfer.  While the audio quality is not the higher end DTSHD, never the less, the audio engineers did a fine job with the front and rear surrounds used subtly for action( actually, during the battle scenes, the rears deserved more discreet use of the rear channels) however, during the rainy scenes, of which there are many, the audio is evenly spread to all channels enveloping you in the rainstorm.  The many extras on the single disc are from the 2004 standard release and there are only 2 deleted scenes that, to me, could have been included in an extended version.  I wish more extended deleted scenes had been included.  The supplied extras were all interesting and, as I said before, had seen them on the original release so nothing new on that front.  Should you buy this on Blu-ray?  Yes, the video quality is definitely superior, however, not by that much.  The original release was pretty darn good. However, if you don't already have the Standard version, go for the Blu Ray.  I remain disappointed with the lossy audio but it still provides an excellent film. Hopefully, this review has been of help and, if so, please check the 'Helpful' button so I know I am on the correct path with my reviews for you. Thanks.
 This is a pretty enjoyable movie with a good amount of Japanese history in it. It's not entirely accurate, but it is still a good film nonetheless, and Tom Cruise does a good job in his role. The setting of Japan is also done well as well as its Westernization as Japanese citizens either embrace it or fight against it. Overall a good historical film.
 This movie succeeds in its primary objective
 There's something about Zen and Samurai that I enjoy.  Oh yeah! They kick butt in this movie!  Tom Cruise is a very crappy actor these days but I think this has been his best performance in a long time. He plays a Union soldier who slaughtered Native Americans and has flashbacks of the war with the Indians.  Well, he's asked to go to Japan and help train Japnese soldiers to erase their history of the Samurai, and in again Tom Cruise is faced with the same situation as the weak Japanese military he's helping to create has a mission to wipe the Samurai at the request of the emperor.  The story is simple.  Tom Cruise goes to battle with the soldiers he has trained who haven't had really much training, kills a Samurai in battle, gets captured, is held hostage, and his captors treat him as a guest in their village. He is nursed back to health after a battle wound by the family of the man he killed and he goes through several flashbacks of the battles with Native Americans he seems to wonder if it was the right thing or not. He conquers his alcohol addiction and learns the way of the Samurai warrior.  This tale is very touching because of the Zen way of life the Samurai have. He killed one of their own, and then is accepted as one of them and fights along side of them to prove themselves worthy of their honor.  I still can't believe it was Tom Cruise in this movie, if only he could do more similar things to The Last Samurai.
 For a generic-seeming Hollywood blockbuster, The Last Samurai was remarkably true to its subject matter. My main concern walking into it was that the director would confuse the code of the samurai with western ideas about courage and honor, disregarding the more morbid side of the tradition to present some sentimental parable about discovering yourself or being good. In fact, though, the samurai ethos is treated with enough depth, the acting and pacing is excellent, and while there is some sentimental nonsense, it restrains itself more than most films do these days. The final battle is especially impressive - the choreography, the way that deaths of important characters are treated, and some of the images which arouse real pathos. It's still nothing spectacular, though - it never really risks saying anything that hasn't been said before, or presenting some image which hasn't been seen before - but it's probably as good a movie as we could expect to be produced for a mass audience.
 This film has been compared (a lot) to Dances with Wolves due to the fact that they both share similar themes. A Civil War era soldier who finds himself thrown in the middle of a different culture and ends up embracing it and becoming part of it.  However, Edward Zwick's film differs from the Kevin Costner Oscar winner in that the principal character, Lt. Nathan Algren (Cruise) is down on his luck, having become a drunken caricature of his former self, deeply regretful of his actions, who accepts a job as an instructor for an incipient Japanese army that needs to be prepared to fight against the Samurai.  As he arrives to Tokyo he starts training a useless bunch of would-be soldiers who are sent to fight even if they're not ready for it. As a result, the newly formed army gets butchered by the battle experienced Samurai. During that battle, Algren fights bravely and kills one of the highest ranking warriors, getting the interest of the famed Katsumoto, the last great Samurai leader, who orders him captured and brought to his son's village as a prisoner.  Once there, Algren's life is changed forever as he gets to know the real lifestyle of the Samurai and their people. They turn out not to be the savages that the Japanese government makes them out to be. After spending winter with them, Algren "changes sides and joins the Samurai in fighting the Emperor's army.  The title of the movie tells the final outcome. The Samurai lose the battle. Progress triumphs over tradition. New over old. But Algren's past demons are redeemed by his courageous actions helping the Samurai.  The true worth of this movie is its look. You can definetely see where the budget went (other than Cruise's salary). A whole village was built and the attention to detail is astonishing. The costumes are simply amazing, especially the battle armors. The costume designer is Ngila Dickson, who also worked in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy.  Also of notice are the battle scenes, which are breathtaking. Very violent, but not gratuitous, they serve the story very well.  As for the acting, Cruise does a fine job, and is slowly but consistently becoming a better actor (even if this particular performance was not nominated for an Academy Award), but the movie belongs to Ken Watanabe (who was indeed nominated) as Katsumoto. His presence demands attention. He is the center of every scene he's in. Koyuki's performance as Taka, Katsumoto's sister and Algren's love interest, should also be noticed.
 The poetic resonance of "The Last Samurai makes it a unique and thoughtful epic where two warriors contrasted by culture are akin in honor. The modernization of Japan serves as the underlying for the collision of differences between Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) and Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Almost poetically and serenely does the movie converge these two characters as one is seeking his lost beliefs and the other is sustaining his honor from an ever-changing world.  The second act of "The Last Samurai is the heart and soul of the movie as we marvel at the ways of the society from the sword training and disciplined lifestyle. All that is demolished by the third act. I admire the battle scenes and I do find it the source of the problem. Instead, the last scene was not necessary, it was inconsistent with the tone of the movie, and it went against everything the development of the movie. By having the modernized Japanese army kneel for the samurais and having the Emperor suddenly dismiss the arms agreement with the U.S. and becoming tearful for the samurais, it has sugarcoated the entire film. The film was about the honor carried by the samurais and how it is slowly diminishing beneath Western influences. Then all of a sudden, as if to make the audience feel a little bit better, director Edward Zwick decides to make a happy ending where all the samurais died victorious. We already know that the samurais are the heroes who died for a cause, but to have the Emperor suddenly feel apologetic makes him and the movie appear as feeble. It lost its greatness after the second act.  -Please finish my review at www.filmwiseguy.funtigo.com
 As a fan of the legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa, I held rather low expectations for a  great Japanese Samurai epic  starring, of all people, Tom Cruise.  Walking out of theater, I realized that the movie actually worked.   That's not to say it didn't have all the fundamental problems I was dreading.  Ninjas and assassins seem to come out of the woodwork so as to make sure the movie has the requisite number of  Hollywood action-sequences.   The harsh conditions of late feudal Japan were overly-aestheticized (somehow both the mud the pesands dig in and the blood spurted by slaughtered Samurai seem higher and more beautiful than mere blood or mud).  And while many of the most beautiful cinematography of the movie seemed drawn directly from Akira Kurosawa's films, Kurosawa's ability to show the corruption that can exist even on the  good  side of a struggle was sadly lacking.  But despite its simplicity, there was not one moment during the  epic  length movie that I became bored. And, in the end, that is where The Last Samurai shines.  The soundtrack, the cinematography, the surprisingly good acting and the relatively slow pacing somehow combine to present a quiet, breathtaking version of feudal Japan.  It may not make the most profound statements about the world (despite its philosophical overtones), but it does succeed in transporting the viewer into its own beautiful world.  And, for me, that beauty is well worth two or three hours of my time.
 If you loved Dances with Wolves, you'll love The Last Samurai.  The two movies have the same storyline - they even occur in the same time-period.  Just substitute Japanese for Native Americans.   This movie is a good mass-entertainment.  Japanese culture and history is dumbed-down for popular consumption.  Don't quite expect the realism we find in Kurosawa films here.  Like Dances with Wolves, this movie is painfully politically-correct.  I assume that the filmmakers were forced to proceed under the assumption that American audiences might not know what the Samurai - or indeed, the Japanese - are.  The unfortunate thing is that they are probably right.   We stop at all the expected signposts along the way.  The Tom Cruise character forms a growing love for the foreign, yet honorable, ways of the Samurai.  We are treated to the pre-requisite attack by Ninjas.  Fortunately, there are plenty of swordfights, but the level of realism is about the same as in Kill Bill (I know something of Japanese fencings and exchanges - like in Kurosawa films - are brief and deadly).   The film looks great.  Ken Watanabe gives a great performance as the eponymous Last Samurai.  Luckily, through an eye-popping coincidence, his character happens to speak English.  Tom Cruise does a better job than he was given credit for as the lead. This film succeeds as an entertainment.  I am a sucker for Samurai films so - despite its being quite long - I was not bored.  It's a good, big-budget, action epic.
 Have seen this pic in cinema here ireland thought it was pretty damn good cruise pulled off this one very well -only thing to disapoint was on battle field riding back to the samuri troops ,think too many films of this nature are doing that braveheart battle scence , but overall that this was a pretty good film had me on edge of seat at times troughly recomend to watch or buy (...).
 I thought it was going to be awful and I only went to see it because my fiance wanted to, but it turned out to be a film well worth watching and owning.  The acting (yes, even Tom Cruise) is generally good, the soundtrack stirring, the pacing taut, and the battle sequences awesome.  (The fight following the ninja assassination attempt is particularly well done.)  Yes, it's Shogun set later in time and minus Richard Chamberlain, but/and it's excellent.   The only problem worth mentioning is the ending.  I won't give anything away, but the events are improbable, and because of that they're less emotionally affecting than they should be.  I can think of a couple of better ways for the film to have ended. Still, a much better movie than it might seem.  I'll be buying it.
 Meet Captain Nathan Algren (played by Tom Cruise), bona fide Civil War hero, celebrity endorser of Winchester rifles, and drunkard.  During the early years of the American political and cultural incursion into Japan, Algren is hired essentially as a mercenary to train the Imperial Japanese Army in the ways of modern warfare.  Before he has had a chance to do his job properly, he is called upon to lead a well-equipped but poorly trained force against a "rebel army led by the samurai lord Katsumoto (played by Ken Watanabe).  During the initial engagement, Algren's force is routed by the samurai and Algren himself is taken prisoner by Katsumoto for the purpose of "understanding my enemy.  Thus begins the gradual transformation of Algren from a highly stereotyped American chauvinist to a member of Katsumoto's community.  The early reception is cold and unaccepting, both by Katsumoto's family and his fellow samurai, but over time a grudging tolerance gives way to cautious familiarity and ultimately to full acceptance and respect.  As I observed this process, I could not help being reminded of "Dances With Wolves", in which Kevin Costner's character undergoes a similar rebirth.  This notion was fueled even more by the romantic energy between Algren and the widow of a samurai whom he had killed during his capture.  Algren eventually rises to enjoy great respect and admiration among Katsumoto's people, becoming in effect the samurai lord's right-hand man and deputy commander.  He helps lead Katsumoto's forces in several battles against the Japanese army, including the climactic final engagement where his honor is put to the ultimate test (but I won't spoil the ending for those who haven't seen it yet).  Overall, I found this to be a very enjoyable and moving tale of the clash of cultures, somewhat loose in its historicity, with a strong emphasis on concepts like valor, honor and independence.  The story line was slightly cliche and more than a little romanticized, but hey, that's Hollywood.  Watch it and decide for yourself, but I certainly wouldn't mind seeing it again.
 I thought the movie was good, and the japanese were very authentic. But it is impossible for tom cruise to become a samurai, unless the emperor made an ammendment to the laws passed down for centuries, which of course never happened. The movie is good with a plot, but as I said, the producers didn't think of how historically accurate this movie was. The overall movie had a plot and was very well made, and it seems like they put in a lot of time for every scene, just to make you feel immerssed in the culture. Good movie.
 A solid war film with epic battle scenes. A bloodbath, however, with a penchant for excessive violence, this film seeks a portrayal of glory and honor through battle in the name of the Emperor. (On an ancillary note
 It has battle scenes yes; it has maybe a political point of view, but what really moves about this movie is the marvelous portrayal of values we often forget about.  The human side of the soldier (interesting now that these are war times).  And also the family, friendship, loyalty, adult/children relationships (Cruise and the little Japanese boy, superb!)and above all, love a pure and sustained vision of love. It also serves us to look at a different (and needed) vision of Japanese stereotypes as seen on classic American war movies. Wacht out for Ken Watanabe's camera friendly expression; he won an Oscar for it!
 "The Last Samurai is everything a movie should be - exciting, emotional, and involving. Though I would not go so far to say that it's a masterpiece, it is one of the better movies I have seen in 2003, and without having seen the new "Lord of the Rings", it's definitely near the top of the list. It will no doubt draw comparison with "Braveheart because of the epic battles and the emotional climax, but thankfully avoids becoming derivative of other "battle epics". Tom Cruise (who spent two years learning Japanese) plays Nathan Algren, a civil war hero who has fallen off the right path and is now washed up and heavily into the booze. His fortunes change when he is commissioned by the Emperor of Japan to help train his army to fight efficiently against the Samurai who roam the country. His success with that endeavor is short lived when he is captured by the Samurai during a devastating battle. He spends the next several months living among them and adopting their ways, and growing fond of the discipline, skill, and tact that the Samurai display. Knowing of the Emperor's motives to rid Japan of the people and way of life he has come to embrace, he joins them in their battle against insurmountable odds.  There are many subplots and characters, some predictable Hollywood fodder (do you smell a love story cooking?), but most are effective and necessary to the overall story. "The Last Samurai is tempered with humorous moments that help to balance the violence that is peppered throughout. As you can expect, many of the battles are long, drawn out, and very bloody. But the violence is never gratuitous, and it knows it's limits. As far as performances go, Tom Cruise is nothing if not reliable, and his largely Japanese supporting cast all do a great job in hitting their cues and making us believe in them. What really deserves special mention is the cinematography, which captures Japans lush valleys, majestic temples, and overall aesthetic beauty. The battle choreography is also stellar, obviously benefiting for painstaking direction and CGI effects.  "The Last Samurai is not a history lesson, so you are unlikely to walk away from it having gained a substantial knowledge of the Samurai customs and traditions. What you will get out of it is a fantastic movie-going experience that satisfies on every level, which is exactly what we go to movies for.
 Former Paramount studios chief Robert Evans used to call his holiday pictures "Christmas gifts to the world, and "The Last Samurai is staged just so
 The Last Samurai is entertaining. I got involved with the characters and wanted everything to turn out well. The action sequences are well done. The acting is well done. However, The plot is formula. The ending, while throwing in a twist or two is still predictable. The moral theme has been done to the hilt. In Short, This is a good movie to rent, but I wouldn't spend a lot of money to add it to my collection.
 It is a shame that a film with so much potential to be great just missed the sweet spot. The movie had real strengths in the supporting cast and succeeded in convincing you that you were indeed in the middle of 19th century Japan. With what seemed to be "genuine shoji filled spaces and beautiful countryside landscapes it was impossible to dismiss the films charm. Unfortunately the photography, while adequate, seemed to be uninspired and just very bland. The score also leaves something to be desired. During the first battle scene I found the music seemed to detract from the intensity of the battle and what should have been heart-pounding and overwhelming effect seemed more anticlimactic than anything. There were also a few scenes that used computer generated images landscapes/battle scenes which were just below todays standards. In the end however the film was carried by strong supporting characters and a believeable Tom Cruise. One is left with an even greater admiration of the Samurai way by the end of the film; this is no doubt a by-product of Ken Watanabe's performance and the beautifully intricate armor and weapons. There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
 I am not a Tom Cruise fan.  However, I enjoyed this movie more than I expected.  My one major complaint is that it would have been better, more believable, with an actor of more character and age than Cruise.  He did okay but a more "salty actor would have given the role a bit more depth.  Cruise plays an Army officer who fought in Civil and Indian wars - not quite sure about both, but in either case, he'd have a bit more crow feet and gray hairs than Cruise.  Otherwise, the pace, character development, etc was good.  The final battle scene was a bit dragged out but I think was done for effect.  One of those movies that makes you ponder the history of the US at the turn of the century - 1800 into 1900 and the roleof US/Japan relations as seen 100 years later.
 The Movie, 'The Last Samurai' is meant to provide an epic story of the corruption (Westernization) of Japan during the Meiji Restoration. And just as Kevin Costner 'goes Indian' in DANCES WITH WOLVES, Nathan Algren, played by Tom Cruise, goes 'Japanese'. While portrayed as a historical character, the Civil War veteran and Indian fighter was a completely fictional character.  The best part of the movie is Ken Watanabe, who gives an excellent performance portraying Katsumoto, the leader of the Japanese Samurai. Of course, Katsumoto is a fictional character as well.  For those of you who are interested, the following is a short survey of the situation in Japan, which the movie attempts to cover.  Katsumoto is based upon SaigTakamori, was one of the most influential samurai in Japanese history, who lived during the late Edo Period and early Meiji Era. As a low-level samurai, he was recruited to travel to Edo, modern day Tokyo, to assist Shimazu Nariakira, daimyo of Satsuma han. He was later put in command of over fifty thousand samurai, a large part of the imperial army.  Saiginitially disagreed with the modernization of Japan and the opening of commerce with the West. He did insist, however, that Japan should go to war with Korea because of their refusal to recognize the legitimacy of the Emperor Meiji as head of state of the Empire of Japan. But because the other leaders of the restoration strongly opposed these plans out of budgetary and cost considerations, Saigresigned and returned to his hometown of Kagoshima.  Shortly thereafter, he established a private academy in Kagoshima for the faithful samurai that had also resigned their posts in order to follow him from Tokyo. In 1877, led by Saig they revolted against the central government (the Satsuma Rebellion), which had just eliminated their rice stipends. The imperial palace had recruited new guards who had previously been rice-growing peasants. They were armed with modern weapons. The samurai, lead by Saig also being equipped with modern weapons, were able to seriously challenge the imperial army in battle for several months. Badly injured in the hip during the final battle, the Battle of Shiroyama, instead of being killed or captured by the enemy, Saigasked for his head to be cut off by a comrade to preserve his honor. Legend and art show that Saigcommitted seppuku, a traditional form of suicide.  It is actually unknown what the exact style of his death was. The accounts of his subordinates claim either that he up righted himself and committed seppuku after his injury, or that he requested a comrade assist his suicide. In debate, some scholars have suggested that neither is the case, and that Saigmay have gone into shock following his wound, losing his ability to speak. Several comrades upon seeing him in this state, would have severed his head, assisting him in the warrior's suicide they knew he would have wished. Later, they would have told that he committed seppuku in order to preserve his status as a true samurai. In any case, the head was hidden by a retainer and never found. This was unsettling to the government, as it was the head that would prove his death in battle. The lack of closure allowed for many folktales to be created, saying that Saigwas still alive and plotting revenge.
 A very strong movie despite historical inaccurateness and a Hollywood ending. I understand that this movie is not an accurate portrayal of the history of the Samurai or the history of Japan, but I do not believe that that in and of itself makes it a bad movie. For instance, I enjoyed watching  Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon  even though I know people can not fly. Even though I knew when I was watching this film that the historical portrayal was inaccurate, I still found the movie a very entertaining story. And it is my understanding that the making of this film was an attempt to honor the noble life of the Samurai that once existed in Japan.   This is a 2 and 1/2 hour movie that for me went by in what felt like minutes! I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie. I avoided seeing it in the theatre because I really didn't believe it would be so good nor did I think that I could find Tom Cruise believable as a Samurai. I'm not sure that I was ever convinced watching the film that Tom Cruise had truly became a Samurai, but none the less the strong storyline makes this film work! As does the great support acting from Ken Watanabe! And the other Samurai characters are developed enough in the plot that you do care what happens to them and feel sad when they die. I did have a few reservations about the film. Most notable, I was a little disappointed in the ending in that the film had to go completely Hollywood and have the Japanese girl and the white man get together and presumably  live happily ever after . I thought a much better ending would have been to have Cruise's character die on the battlefield. If he had truly became a Samurai wouldn't he have wanted this as was the fates of the other Samurai?
 "The Last Samurai", as mentioned by another reviewer above, has a lot of parallels in movies such as "Dances With Wolves". The whole wash-up, has-been hero finds a new sense of self and identity with people once perceived as "barbarian or "savage". The theme has been done before and probably will be again.  In "The Last Samurai", Capt. Algren is sent to Japan during the tale end of the Meiji Restoration to train the new Imperial Army in modern warfare. Despite the excellent pay, Algren is an alcoholic with some serious personality issues to boot. The new Imperial Army is soon sent into battle with the other problem
 As much as I enjoyed this movie, I think everyone should read this
 Most people in North America don't know who the Japanese Director Akira Kurosawa is.  Nor do they know much about the Samurai. Many of Hollywood's most recognized filmmakers have been deeply influenced by the Japanese director including, but not limited to, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese and John Woo. Most of Akira's films were about the Samurai and the complex warrior ethos that drove the development of some very meaningful and artistic storylines.  I think this movie is a very good introduction to the everyday North American (i.e. white) audience of the Samurai and their warrior culture. There are some things that a Western audience may find difficult to understand or accept, an example being the wife of a fallen Samurai who tends to the wounds of her husband's killer. This is hard for a Western audience to understand, but in a traditional Asian culture, if your parents are dead, then your older brother becomes the moral equivalent of your father and you do what he says, no arguments. Not PC I know, but that was reality back then. Plus, I think the wife knew enough about war, being raised in a Samurai tradition, to know that there was nothing personal in what Algren did.  To make a movie with wide appeal, Zwick had to dilute the Japanese culture for wider consumption, kind of like the "green bottle top soy sauce that's less salty then regular  "red bottle top soy sauce. However, this had too much of a "crowd pleaser kind of effect on me, as I wanted to learn more about the Japanese culture at that important time in their history. The makers (and financiers) of this movie decided to entertain first and educate later. However, at least people will get something out of this, instead of just gawking at the natives. The film was beautifully shot, the acting more then adequate, and the period costumes and props were exquisite and extremely accurate.
 I know what you're thinking
 Do you imagine the awful scenes of what it meant the invassion of the German Panzers in Polland Sepember 1 1939 when the resistance fought ridden on horses? Well , this was the impression i reminded on the last sequence of this film . The Last Samurai is a brave film that reveals the significance of the honor in the Samurai culture . The script is very related in conceptual approach to Dance with wolves in which nathan concerns . He is an antihero a man committed with nothing except himself . He is a haughty man . A mercenary without scruples who accidentally will discover a new world and will receive a slap in the facewhen he discovers the ancient traditions of this warriors . The ideological conflict between the ancestral ways of life and the modernity tradition will become in the central nervous of the film . Ken Watanabe perfomance is the most remarkable character of this film . Filmed as a Sumphony in four moments , retains its interest all along the film except the conclusion , its only fault . Do you really expect that the hero presence after the battle is necesary ? Do you imagine a hero being interviewed , and telling his old memories for instance? Is the last goal of a warrior to be happy ? This resolution final twists a wondeful film loaded with epic spirit . But if you miss this little detail you will be rewarded by far with this picture . Superb art direction and special effects .
 I cannot say enough about this movie. A lot of people were turned off before they even saw it because Tom Cruise plays a samurai. I say their loss. This was a fantastic story about a man whose past haunts him. He plays an American soldier who is captured by the enemy whose culture he is supposed to be helping destroy and the experience changes his life forever. The story was fantastic, the scenery was gorgeous, the costumes were exquisite, the acting was phenomenal. This movie is definitely on my 10 best of 2004.
 There's a cast of thousands and millions of dollars invested in this epic and it will probably pay off for Hollywood.  The theme is an inspiring one too.  It's set in the late 19th Century, where Tom Cruise, a veteran of the Civil War as well as some cruel Indian massacres, goes to Japan to train the Emperor's army against the Samurai so that Japan can modernize.  That's an oversimplification of this politically correct story for which I have seen no claims of being historically accurate.   Soon, Cruise is captured by the Samurai and, learns to respect them.  Ken Watanabe is the Samurai leader who believes in honor and all that other good stuff as compared to the avaricious Americans.  There's excellent cinematography of a Japan that no longer exists and well-orchestrated battle scenes that are spectacular and bloody.  And, not surprising, I felt no emotion other than to marvel at the great costuming and special effects.   This is the third film about Japan I've seen in the last few weeks.  Clearly, it is the weakest.  It's not that it's not well done.  It is.  But it's basically a genre film that cost big bucks.     It's fine escape fiction though.  The sets are great.  And you'll be entertained.  Mildly recommended.
 When I rented this, I made sure my family wasn't home, because my younger siblings weren't allowed to see rated R fims. But this movie is, in my opinion, good for the whole family, if you don't mind, bloody action sequences. The fighting choreography was brilliant. All the actors play their parts really well, and after each fight, you are left hanging for more. One part I didn't like, is when they are breaking Katsumoto out of jail, and soldiers are shooting the guns, at Cruise and other Samurais, the soldiers hit one person, while the samurai's arrows hit their mark every time. This kind of takes the essence away from stronger weapons. Other than that this movie was spectacular, story wise and action wise.
 Throw in a wolf and some blue face paint and that's pretty much what you've got
 The Last Samurai has all the right ingredients of a modern day masterpiece, it's ultimate flaw however is it's too predictable Hollywood components.  The story revolves around tormented Civil War veteran Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) who is coerced to train the Japanese Emperor's troops in the use of modern western weaponry.  Standing in the way is a rebellion of samurai warriors led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe in his Oscar nominated role) who refuse to let go of their honorable traditions despite being at a disadvantage.  When Algren is captured, he learns and eventually adopts the way of the samurai; culminating in a would be epic battle that ends with a whimper.  It seemed screenwriter John Logan had bigger plans, but the Hollywood conventions injected here from director Edward Zwick and Cruise hamper what could have been something really special.  That aside though, the Last Samurai is still a great film, and Cruise and Watanabe are brilliant when both share the screen.  All in all, despite it's shortcomings, the Last Samurai is a wonderful film.
 For the first hour and forty minutes this is a near faultless film which examines the very heart of the human soul. Cruise plays a brilliant US army soldier, Captain Algren who has seen one too many battles and is haunted by the horrific injustices dealt to the American Indians by himself and his fellow US soldiers.  He is offered a large sum of money to train the Japanese army so that it can fight the last of the rebel Samurai tribes. In the opening battle he is captured by the Samurai and it is then that he can see the parallel with the Indians and eventually switches sides. All this is beautifully filmed and some of the scenes in the Samurai village, when Captain Algren is gradually adapting to the Samurai way of life reminded me of Kevin Costners Dances with Wolves.  I am not especially a fan of Tom Cruise but he is good in this. However it is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader Katsumoto who shines throughout the film. In supporting roles Billy Connelly and Timothy Spall are both very good.  Sadly in the last half hour the film lost a lot of credibility for me, hence I have only given it four stars. Without giving away the ending I can't be specific in my criticism of this part, but suffice to say I wish the writers had come up with something better and more believable!  Overall though its a very good film, which I think will improve on 2nd and 3rd viewings.
 I'm not a Tom Cruise fan. Actually the opposite is true. Also, knowing something of the Samurai and Samurai swordcraft, I automatically zoom in on the flaws and inconsistencies in those areas. This doesn't matter in movies like ZATOICHI, which are definitely tongue-in-cheek, but in something more serious like TLS it matters.  So I found myself pleasantly surprised that not only did I not mind Tom Cruise so much (after the first 15 minutes or so, where he overdoes the 'Tom Cruise' bits) and the sword work (bokken and shinken) was handled with an acceptable degree of authenticity. The movie also paid suitable homage to the Samurai, who on one hand carried with them the whole baggage of a feudal repressive culture, but who also embodied much of what one might call the 'spirit of Japan'. It's an ambiguous situation, where nothing's all good or bad, but when it ends like it did end there's a lot of pathos and sadness, no matter WHAT the merits or not.  This was well-handled and the movie made a real impact - on this reviewer anyway.  Till Noever Author
 MOVIE
 I strongly urge the viewers to watch the second disc after viewing the movie itself.  The presentation of the disc is superb and for a movie enthusiast like myself, I appreciate knowing the thoughts of Director, the cast, the process, the location, the designs of costumes and the set, and so forth.  This disc collection has got them all.  It's wonderful to note that some of Japanese actors and actresses in the movie played a significant role by assisting the Director, Zwick in understanding the protocols and behaviours of the past when Samurais roamed Japan.  There's a tremendous respect between the Japanese and the production crew as they assisted one another in bridging the cultural gap &amp; enhancing one another's performances.  I am disappointed to read about people's comparison of this movie with Dances With Wolves.  If people's tendency is to compare this movie with that and so forth, movie industry would have come to a close long time ago as why should people cough out money to watch a movie that is almost identical to the movie that they watched before?  I have enormous respect for Tom Cruise as he's a focused and dedicated actor.  Moreover, he's almost universally known as a generous actor too.  Whilst Tom was shooting in New Zealand location, he had interacted with the local community by calling a local radio station &amp; donating resources to charity.  That's what I call star quality.  Anyhow, this movie is very well-done as the production crew took the best element from their location shots particularly in those old shrines in Himeji &amp; Kyoto, Japan; New Zealand.  Japanese cast is superb namely Ken Watanabe who lost out on Oscar's Best Supporting Actor Award.  He definitely lifted this movie to another level by giving it a much needed weight, presence, &amp; charisma and no wonder his samurais followed him to the shadow of death as long as honour is restored.  The documentary about samurais in the second disc is very informative.  It wanted the viewers to decide for themselves if this movie is pure Hollywood or historical fact.  At the end of the day, it's a bit of both.  The anchor said it well that in real life, the samurais would be considered the renegade, the dinasours that refused to give in to the fact that their time had passed and that they refused to move on with time.  They were supposed to be the  baddies  in the movie as they fought against the Government which would like to implement change for the betterment of Japanese society.  Moreover, what about the caste system that they implemented in their own village?  As I was in Japan, I always wondered if the change that the Government enforced is necessarily better for its society?  I also wondered how practical it would be should samurais are still roaming Japan and every time they step into the railway station, all people would kneel down and avoiding eye contact and they would cut the innocents if they get in their ways somehow?  In some ways, I miss Japan of the old as any industrial cities nowadays look almost similar to each other.  Still, we have to come to terms that time changes everything.  Anyhow, a very well-made and touching movie that shouldn't be missed.  Highly recommended
 Despite the gross inaccuracies concering the depiction of the Satsuma rebellion, I very much enjoyed this movie for its likable characters, honest portrayal of human relationships, and laudable themes.  Tom Cruise (whose work I do not enjoy as a rule) appeared to be quite comfortable in his role.  The real star of the file was Ken Watanabe, who walked the fine line between warrior and philosopher.  My only other complaint with the film was that we never really established who the title character, the last samurai, was; perhaps this would've given this film that last vital shove into greatness. Better luck next time. -N
 The movie was a solid B.  For a movie that Tom Cruise doeesn't have sex with the female lead, it was entertaining.  Disappointing how the movie ended, but that's real life...historically.  The way of the sword...some of that was captured in the film...what's life without honor?
 The Last Samurai shows the viewer a look into the lifestyle of the the ancient ways of the Samurai during the 1800's. It is a world that was slowly dying out as more and more Japanese people turned to living in the Western traditions, and for one US Military Captain, it showed him a world he grew to respect and love.....  Tom Cruise stars as Nathan Algren, a captain sent to the foreign land of Japan to teach Japanese soldiers the way to fight as US troops do in America. The preparation is needed to stop a rebellion of Samurai warriors led by Katsumoto [played by Ken Watanabe] who have been attacking railroads and supply trains.  After being sent to the front lines with troops he believes aren't ready to fight yet, Algren is captured after a battle and is brought to the village of Katsumoto's brother in the mountains. Despite some harsh attempts of getting used to the lifestyle of the Samurai, Algren slowly but surely learns how to love the Samurai lifestyle and how they work day and night.  The movie shows us breath taking landscape shots of the mountains the Samurai live in. It even shows some great rain storm scenes as Algren attempts to prove himself by battling in a swordfight with one of the experienced Samurai and refuses to stay down no matter how many times he is knocked down.  This movie also comes with some great fighting style scenes. With the fog war near the beginning in which Algren is captured after his inexperience troops are cut down by the Samurai, to a Ninja attack on the Samurai village where the samurai sacrifice themselves to save Katsumoto, to even Algren siding with Katsumoto for the climactic battle in the end against his fellow officers.  This movie is great in so many ways
 As others have pointed out, the storyline here mirrors Dances with Wolves.  So much so that it's a little hard to give the rest of the movie credit for the original parts it does well.  But taken on its own, I feel it merits four stars. I generally like Tom Cruise's movies, so I didn't have a problem watching him in this role.  Cruise is a talented actor, although he basically plays every part the same way, so he offers nothing terribly new here.  Still, he turns in a fine--if somewhat typical--performance. The other actors in this movie were well cast.  Much has been made about Ken Watanabe's performance.  I thought it was strong but disagree with others who felt he overshadowed Cruise and everyone else.  Those who were seduced by this romanticized portrayal of Samurai culture were probably left more inclined to gush over his performance.   Along those lines--in the special features of this DVD, there was an interesting comment made by a military historian.  He rightly pointed out that the Samurai were, in essence, the 'bad guys' in this conflict.  They were fighting for a caste system that did not respect women's rights or democratic ideals.  While such a lifestyle may be beautiful to view on the screen, living it is a different matter entirely.  There is much to admire about that culture, but there is much to detest, as well. [Warning
 I really enjoyed this movie. Thank goodness, there wasn't any unnecessary sex scenes which seem to be in most movies these days. This movie has action/adventure and yet has at least one scene which has brought a tear to everyone I know that's seen this movie.  In a nutshell, this movie shows what respect is all about!
 In The Last Samurai, Tom Cruise plays a post-Civil War army captain tortured by personal demons who goes to Japan to train imperial soldiers to fight against renegade samurai.  As circumstances would have it, he ends up fighting with the samurai against the imperial soldiers.  In doing so, he shares with his newfound samurai brethren his definition of honor, perserverence and respect...and they in turn share their versions of these concepts with him. Being a big budget Hollywood film this movie has plenty of big fight scenes and lots of blood.  But the heart of this movie comes down to the interplay between Tom Cruise's character and the samurai he has befriended.  The wonderful interplay by the characters is backed up by the stark realization that, despite the two cultures (American and Japanese) being very different, they also share many things in common. If all you're looking for is big budget blood and guts there are probably better options out there.  However, if you are looking for a strong story with equally strong characterizations that does a quite respectable job of illustrating the human condition -- especially the warrior condition -- then this probably a good movie for you.
 The enduring spirit of master filmmaker Akira Kurosawa is alive and well in Edward Zwick's gorgeous, moving The Last Samurai. Wait, am I talking about a Tom Cruise movie? Why yes! And what a refreshing, vibrant, and even spiritual film this is. Through the movie's somewhat formulaic plot of the washed-up war hero with skeletons in the closet coming to learn the way of the samurai is a movie done truly in a classic Hollywood fashion. John Toll's cinematography is tear-inducingly brilliant in every frame, Hanz Zimmer's lush score proves haunting, and even Mr. Cruise creates a stunning, believable character arc as Nathan Algren, imprisoned by his samurai enemies, but eventually in love with the beauty and the legend of the art. There were elements of the film I wanted to dislike
 Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), an ex-Army Captain, served in the Civil War and several battles against the Native Americans.  Years after the wars Nathan suffers from post-traumatic stress, which he struggles to smother with alcohol.  However, Nathan's past precedes him as his services are requested in Japan in order to squelch a rebellion by the few Samurai that holds on to the old traditions and who believe that the changes in Japan are moving too rapidly.  In Nathan's first battle with the enemy he is captured by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the leader of the rebellion, who intends to study Nathan as he wants to learn more about his enemy.  This leads to a mutual respect and discovery of wisdom for both Nathan and Katsumoto as they both deepen their enlightenment of Bushido.  Nonetheless, the mutual understanding between the two warriors has set them on a path of righteousness and honor that has been challenged by the Japanese rule.  This means that the two men must live by the warrior code, which can mean certain death.  Last Samurai is a story that fuses Western values with Eastern values, but both value sets are still intact as they merge.  Zwick leaves the audience with a heroic tale about sacrifice, honor, friendship, love, and commitment that offers a noble cinematic experience.
 I looked forward to this movie for such a long time. Ever since I heard it was being made. There were those people saying "Tom Cruise as a samurai? which was followed by laughter. Myself, I was optimistic. Who though Mel Gibson could play William Wallace? I actually didn't see it till later in its theatrical run. I was, as many others were, engrossed by The Return of the King. But I eventually saw it and again as I watch it on DVD I can't help but love this movie. It is rare we see a Hollywood movie focus on Japanese culture. Everything Hollywood puts out on Asian culture is of course, martial arts.   Tom Cruise starts as Nathan Algren. A decorated civil war hero, who, as most war veterans will say, is haunted by his past. He is hired by one of the Emperors advisors (Harada) to train the military of Japan in modern warfare. Along for the ride is Zebulan Gant (Connolly) and Colonel Bagley (Goldwyn), a previous superior who Algren detests. Shortly after Algren begins training the men, an incident forces Bagley to send the unprepared troops off to battle. They, of course, lose to the samurai led by Katsumoto (Watanabe) and Algren is captured. As he is being held at the village of the Samurai he learns their ways and befriend Katsumoto. As promised when winter ends Katsumoto returns Algren where he must make the choice to go home or join the samurai and defend what he has come to love.  Tom Cruise is one of those actors whose good looks overshadow his acting ability. By that I mean that a lot of people don't think he is a talented actor because all the women love him. Group him in with actors like Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio. All three are talented actors, and Cruise shows it with this movie. While his performance here isn't on par with films such as Magnolia and Jerry Maguire, he still gives a powerful performance. He is upstaged though by Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader. Watanabe brilliantly captures the essence of a samurai warrior. You really want this guy to win, although you know he can't. The ending is something that will bring tears to many people's eyes. The supporting cast doesn't get the same time or emphasis but they pull it off well. We didn't get to see enough of Billy Connolly, but he was good. I really enjoyed Hiroyuki Sanada as Kotsumoto's most loyal friend. He is the true picture as well for a warrior.   I have enjoyed Edward Zwick movies since I have begun watching them. Glory of course is the best. This movie may not quite live up to Glory but it is sure nice to see them making a film about a subject that I never thought we would see in film again. Although this movie never will live up to Shogun, it comes close thanks to the script by Logan, Zwick, and Herskovitz. They capture the very essence of a samurai in their screenplay. The set designs are beautiful, along with the costumes. Never have I seen a movie about Japan in the 1800's that looked so real. It gave you the feeling that you were there in Japan with them. The score by Hans Zimmer is equally impressive. Gone is the loud obnoxious music from MI
 'The Last Samurai' is yet another 'White Stranger in a Strange Land ' story.  The film has many similarities to Kevin Costner's 'Dances With Wolves' (noted by other astute reviewers); the Civil War is major factor in both central character's state of mind.  Both men choose to side with the natives, rather than the exploitative European culture that spawned them.  Like 'Wolves', this film is bloody and beautifully shot, with large battle sequences. The supporting cast is excellent, with Ken Watanabe simply marvelous as the Samurai Leader, Katsumoto.  I found myself wondering just how this film would have played without the Tom Cruise character- I think just terrific, and would have been solely from the Japanese point of view.  I am dreaming here - Cruise shares producing credits, and the film probably would not have been made without his star power behind it.  Nevertheless, one does get tired of these movies with the 'Great White Hope' leading the way for the natives. The one area I have real doubts about is how quickly the Samurai were to accept a Westerner into their insular society in the film.  This really stretches the imagination - even today, Japan is not exactly eager to bring foreigners within it's inner circles.  Japan was a VERY closed society in 1876, yet we are to believe that the Cruise character literally becomes one of them in a matter of months! The film is beautiful to watch, with spectacular action and realistic battle scenes.  In spite of the obvious plot flaws, the film takes the opportunity to teach the viewer about Japanese culture; one sees the impact on future events (WWII and the Bushido Code, for example).  The final battle is inspiring, with the Spartan stand at Thermopylae being used to rally the Samurai against a clearly superior enemy. All in all, 'The Last Samurai' was enjoyable in spite of it's Hollywood origins.  The whole idea of Tom Cruise as an adopted Japanese Samurai warrior really is farfetched, but somehow I left this film still impressed.  What it really comes down to is the supporting cast - they carried the film.  'Samurai' is really about Japan, and the Japanese actors did themselves and director Ed Zwick proud!
 Lots of action and a gripping plot made this movie seem shorter than it's actual run time of 2 1/2 hours. As usual, Amazon was speedy with their delivery.
 This was a great movie not because of Tom Cruise...but because Ken Watanabe steals the movie.  He is fantastic in this film and is an exceptional actor.  He makes the movie worth watching.  The scene at the end is beautifully played by Watanabe and a tearjerker.  If it wasn't for Cruise and his one dimensional acting, this movie could have been superb.
 Critics of The Last Samurai point out its obvious historically inaccuracies, the cheap ending, the tired plot already beaten to death before its predecessor Dances with Wolves stamped on the carcass, and the negative liberal view of the white man's legacy. All of these are valid points, but they lack support in light of the countless historical revisions filmed over the decades. One need only go back before the dawn of political correctness to see evidence of the contrary view of history; God-fearing white folk trying to scrape out a living on the frontier despite the devilish torment of the savage Injuns or white crusaders for Christ bringing salvation to the ignorant heathens beyond our shores. For the older among you who take exception to movies like The Last Samurai, Dances with Wolves, et al, I suggest you watch Birth of a Nation for some needed balance. Furthermore, this movie never claims to be based on facts, so criticizing it for failing to represent history is the weak tool of conservatives too blinded by their own belief that America can do no wrong. These narrow-minded fools are no better than their self-righteous America-bashing adversaries. Somewhere in the middle lies reality. The Last Samurai is an epic drama that focuses on the changes in a world, in a nation, and in a man. Troubled by his own violent past, Captain Algren (Tom Cruise in his limited, grinning, wide-eyed fashion) is the man who finds peace and forgiveness within himself through forced tenure among the Japanese in a Samurai village in 1876. The need for Cruise's character is debatable because the story of old ways coming to their end at the hands of dubious progress is worthy in and of itself, but this is a Hollywood movie and the movie never hides from its intended audience. The real treasure is in the sweeping scope of the cinematography, the insight to a way of life dramatically different from our own, powerful performances from the largely Japanese cast, an emotional score, and yes, the message, heavy-handed though it is. Hollywood and history make for strange bedfellows, be it Jesus Christ or the Roman Empire, Jesse James or Wyatt Earp, Hollywood never takes on a historical character or movement it can't bring sympathy to using self-indulgent poetic license. Were it not morally reprehensible, they'd probably manage to make a compassionate film about the Nazis....if they haven't already. There aren't a lot of great epic movies made because the balance between grandeur and excess or drama and action is perilous to maintain. The Last Samurai is worth the lengthy investment of time for the stirring emotional outpouring it wrenches from those willing to excuse the flaws and occasional cloying misstep.
 Received shipment sooner than the anticipated timeline provided. Arrived in excellent condition and the quality was fantastic.
 Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe star in this 2003 war drama. During the Civil War, A Captain meets a Samurai Leader and learns from him. This is a good film and I think it's one of Tom's best. This dvd has nice picture and sound plus neat extras. I recommend this.
 This movie is really good. Honor, respect and dignity are some of the key words that are examined in different ways. Tom Cruise is not one of my favorite actors, but I can tolerate him in this one. He really put an effort toward the "troubled soldier in this movie. His acting wasn't over the top, i think it was just right for the mental and physical condition of the character. A drunkard and actually a warrior seeking some means of relief from his tormenting dreams and conscience..Tom Cruise displayed that. The script was well written and the acting was well done. Warning that there are some gory scenes of death and decapitation. Therefore, it is a movie that is not for young children.
 For a picture of life in Japan during the Meiji Era (1868-1912), this movie does an excellent job of showing the division between the two societies battling for supremecy
 This epic swashbuckler is also the story of a man's search for peace and meaning, with a debt to both <a href="http
 This movie is probably one of the best movies Tom Cruise has starred in as far as a storyline goes. While it may not be an action movie along the lines of the Mission Impossible series, it is a love story told against the backdrop of feudal Japan. The scenery is gorgeous and it actually has a plot to the story.
 The story follows a disillusioned American Civil War hero, Captain Nathan Algren, played by Tom Cruise, as he goes to Tokyo to train the Japanese army, who are embroiled in a battle with the remaining traditional Samurai. The Americans are there for the money, and that money is provided by the Emperor's Westernized advisors who want the Samurai out of the picture so that they may continue be the power behind the Emperor and increases their own wealth. In an early battle however, Algren is captured by the Samurai and held by them for the winter. During this time he learns the way of the Samurai and eventually ends up fighting alongside them - breaking his allegiance to the country he once fought for.  Ken Watanabe in his performance as the samurai leader Katsumoto dominates the screen. Through Watanabe we see that the samurai are noble and intelligent. Hiroyuki Sanada was impressive as Ujio, the tough, brutal, yet loyal and disciplined Samurai.  This film has amazing sets and battles. The sword fights are well rehearsed and the cinematography is well orchestrated. The costumes were striking and good replicas for a period movie. This film reminded me of Dances with wolves, which I also liked. Its not about which culture is more superior, it is about our mutual willingness to listen and learn from each other.
 This is an outstandingly written, directed and acted film with a fascinating subject matter, the Japanese Samurai. The Blu-ray copy is an upgrade from the DVD in sound and picture quality. Bonus Features are excellent. Highly recommend this film.
 The year is 1876, Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been hired by the Japanese in order to help the Imperial Japanese Army become more 'modern' and less 'traditional' and ultimately prepare them to fight the legendary Samurai. Events occur that cause Tom Cruise to be a captive of the deadly but extremely polite Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who is the leader of the Japanese Samurai. This is where the movie really starts to shine and and a beautiful forgotten world that we know little about comes alive thanks to the great director Edward Zwick and the ledgendary Hans Zimmer brings an unforgettable soundtrack.  Tom Cruise has been in the movie industry for a long time and to date in my opinion this is by far his best performance. He discovered after his capture that the samurai are peaceful and as bad as they are made out to be, Cruise's character becomes emotionally bound to them and he integrates himself into their society after working hard to earn their trust. Another special part of the film is that a relationship develops between Algren and a quiet widow by the name of Taka, however this isn't a main part of the film it shows that the film isn't all about power and a disappearing nation but an emotional and beautiful aspect of the film.  The Last Samurai is a deep emotional and violent film which has become a  triumphant in the movie industry. Thanks for it's gripping storytelling, and excellent character design. By far Tom's Cruise's finest hour.
 So I won't make comparisons with that movie. I thought this is a well-done film. Sympathetic, and respectful of our culture. Thank you Hollywood and Zwick and Logan from a 'nihonjin.' I thought Cruise did a great job. I didn't see any of the reckless grinning that he known for, and he did a great portrayal of a disillusioned but fierce and loyal soldier. And this was exactly how many of the samurai felt in that era. This was a great fantasy film about a time of great change in Japan. You have to remember this is a fairy tale, but the Meiji Restoration was a turning point in Japan's history that I am happy that Americans can be better aquainted with. And the love scenes were well crafted, no obligatory sex scene (thats absolutely impossible for a gaijin and nihonjin in that time period!!!) It was a stretch to see Cruise handle a katana so well, and I was prepared to laugh going into the movie, but the story really turned me around, it was so well done that it felt natural.
 Excellent depiction of Japanese culture and the conflict between traditional and modern forces.  Great movie.
 Ken Watanabe stole this show.  My feelings for Cruise aside, I did enjoy this film though it does bare (story structure-wise) a gross simiarlity to Dances with Wolves.  In fact, had the whole story been about Watanabe's character this could have been a better movie--that and we avoid the whole Brave Heart/ The Patriot ending.  Overall, you we be entertained.
 Lots of action....lots of action....and still lots of action!! Good movie with a great storyline!!! Tom Cruise did a wonderful job in this movie....just be warned...there are many scenes of blood and guts...
 On seeing Edward Zwick's "The Last Sumurai", I had to deal with mixed feelings, good news and bad news. The good news
 The Last Samurai is a Romantic film starring Tom Cruise as Captain Nathan Algren, a leader in the US army whose experiences in driving out Indian tribes such as the Cheyenne have not left him. Algren is a compulsive drinker, his drinking helps him to forget the Indian massacres of which he took part in, yet he cannot stop his nightmares. When asked to accept a job training the modern Japanese army far across the Pacific, he accepts the offer for money. He accepts, and the poorly trained army is attempted to be taught by the US generals ready to impress the modernity craving japanese emperor, and thus there is a push to attack the rebellious "Samurai culture - those who are standing up for that which is not modern, retaining their old values and traditions and insisting on using classical weapons and not gaudy rifles. Tom Cruise does not believe that the poorly trained modern Japanese militia group can yet tackle the Samurai, and he has not yet learned enough of them. When the fight occurs, most of the modern army is killed or runs away. Algren is left to fight "flag to sword combat with 5 efficiently trained Samurai warriors, who he presently manages to fight off as the flag he holds of a white tiger symbolizes this new white man with a robust vigor and bravery in such a subject. When he collapses, he still manages to kill one more Samurai who was about to end Algren's own life. Right before the other four Samurai exact their revenge, the rebellious leader, Katsumoto, stops them and takes him back to the Samurai village. There he is taken care of, yet throughout this time the story beings to wither. Sentimental and exciting yes, but the culture issue clearly posted a problem which the writers efficiently yet hastily attempted to cover up. During this period of recovery, there is much conversation between Algren and Katsumoto, the only other English speaker. There is much shared between the two cultures, and Algren learns to adapt to the Samurai way of life. Yet this has its weak points; such a brave Samurai reactionary community who stuck to their ideas would not have been so open to Algren; later on in the movie Algren even kisses the wife of the samurai he kills earlier. Of course it is a short kiss, and it takes an interminable amount of time for it to happen, but its sentiment was its only purpose for existing; it was not a realistic idea no matter how paternalistic or subservient women in the culture were. Complements of course to the directors and the writers for the usage of symbolism. For example, Algren stays with the Samurai for almost a year, honing up on his skills and learning Japanese. When he is returned with safe conduct back to the modern area, he is received among a flurry of rapid and liberal changes. The army has uniforms, is extremely well-trained, and in addition has access to Howitzer cannons and 200 round per minute machine guns. Algren realizes what has happened, and stops his drinking, symbolic of finally confronting his problems. After learning that Katsumoto will be killed for such an idea, he rescues him and joins with the Samurai. THe rescue of course is slightly unrealistic. One of the Samurai virtues is shame in losing, causing them to commit suicide as part of their culture. Katsumoto must do so or be killed by the modern Japanese, as they leave him in a room with a knife. When Algren shows up with a witty Bond line, there is little intercourse before the conservative leader willingly gives up his tradition and agrees to escape. Again, good movie, good entertainment, but also great clashing in cultural tradition. There is a nice allusion to Thermopylae later on, as the 500 Samurai prepare to fight the now several thousand modern Japanese troops when safely back in the Samurai village. When they are back, Katsumoto mentions to Algren about a specific blossoming tree while in an orchard with many such trees and many such blossoms. Katsumoto notes that just like the blossoms, the people would slowly die out. As they prepare for the modern Japanese attack, the relationship is furthered between Algren and Taka, the woman whose husband he killed. She allows him to wear her husband's Samurai armor, and they kiss. THAT is an error, a bad direction which should not have been ventured in. From here, the movie becomes interminable as the climax music is played and calmed and replayed, the apparent final battle stretching into more than one; the apparent final scene still an hour from the end. The fighting scenes are numerous, and though they entertain the eyes they bore the mind. One asks, which battle will end the fighting? Finally, there are but less than a score of Samurai calvalry left alive, and the modern Japanese general commands the army to mow them down using the perhaps 5 or 6 new machine guns. THough Algren and Katsumoto heroically ride in front and are shot by the guns last, this scene is EXCELLENTLY done as the director dims all sound during hte firing of the guns and accentuates the ease of cranking the new machines, a slow crank to pump 200 rounds per minute. Of course these 1877 war machines were most likely loud and imperfect, but the director portrays the focus of the ease of turning the cranking and mowing down some of the final cultural remains of Japan to symbolize the ease of supporting modernity and the ease of ignoring the previous culture, the ease in going with the flow. Of course, as soon as Katsumoto goes down, even in disregard to the general, the whole modern Japanese army take off their hats and bow to the dead leader, who decided now it IS okay for him to commit suicide, changing back to his tradition. It is Algren's fate to survive every battle he is in, thus he is the "last samurai, the only man left, and there is a clear disappointment when the army bows down instead of allowing his torture to continue. Yet the movie is not over... Algren must talk to the emperor (and this is where it gets really cheesy) and walk in right before the US treaty is signed and give him insight into the Samurai way of life, causing him to reject the treaty and explain that his country could not ignore their heritage. The end of the story is narrated by a Historian of whom i failed to mention earlier, one who is from England and supports the modern side but helps Algren and other Samurai to get Katsumoto to escape. His role is portrayed as unbiased, and he is given Algren's diary and explanations to write a book. Clearly a Romantic movie about non-conformity and fighting for the conservative and traditional values of an antique heritage, the narrator describes how the "American Captain's history after that was a legend, listing some beliefs. The end of the movie portrays Algren walking back to the Samurai town, where on the way (another excellent job) one of the blossoming trees which Katsumoto points out earlier can be seen in the background - not with a multitude of flowers but rather very few; a dying but surviving culture. As he enters the town, Taka sees him and smiles. So for all intensive purposes, this movie would get a B. It is entertaining, there is a hint of suspense, and there is an excellent use of symbols. Yet, the movie tends to make several errors (such as tense scenes where the reactinary Samurai tradition is forfeited easily for a liberal idea, or when there are unbiased intercultural relations) and it tends to go on far too long. I would reccomend paying 9 dollars to see this movie, especially if you don't analyze everything like I do. The movie makes sense, the plot makes sense, but an intellectual may find him or herself occupied in simply enjoying bloody intense fighting as a sacrifice in place of any thought process whatsoever.
 Being that this film is based on actual historical occurences it could've been the typical Hollywood silliness extraordinaire complete with massive innacuracies, tons of cheese and syrup, and a dishwashed script.   Incredibly, most of the above was avoided with the exception maybe of the historical innacuracies but even those coul've been severe and they weren't.   As the plot has been detailed by other reviewers I'll stick to the impression this film leaves you with. The "Last Samurai is actually a pretty cool flick. The theme (encountered in other older films as well) of the westerner who goes over to Asia with the mindset of a clueless brute only to be engulfed by the age-old philosophy he comes in contact with there is well in effect here and it works like a dandy.   Cruise gives his usual very good performance but the show is actually stolen by the Japanese cast headed by the "Katsumoto character (the Samurai leader) who's simply a treat to watch.   There is loads of battling in vast open fields and a lot of gore that accompanies it, and these escenes are absolutely great. The martian arts choreography is excellent and the filming is impeccable as well.   But what makes the film really tick are the sequences where after Cruise has been captured by the Samurai he has long and intriguing conversations with Katsumoto while at the same time he's trying to come to grips with a culture he not only doesnt understand but which charms him to death. These sequences are the top stuff this film has to offer and it does so with style.   While the Last Samurai does remind of the Lord of the Rings when it comes to the spectacular battle scene and it equally reminds of Braveheart with the super-underdogs taking on bravely the hordes of mechanised soldiers sent by the emperor to crush their rebellion it still maintains a life and heart of its own and keeps you hooked till the end which is (sadly)predictable, conventional and somewhat corny.   That, along with the fact that it is probably 20 minutes too long are the only minuses i could attribute to it. Sure, this is Hollywood spreading cliches again, as the Samurai werent as noble as they are usually portrayed since they mindlessly accepted any order coming from the emperor and that included massacring "opponents at his order regardless of guilt or innocence. But this type of cliche was to be expected.   Overall though, this is a probably unexpectedly cool film. Definately recommended, allthough if you see it on a small screen you'll be inevitably missing out on the great photography and camera work, but most importnatly the stunning combat scenes, many of which are shot aereally.
 There is little to criticize about the vast majority of this extravaganza
 This epic film demonstrates that the technical competency of modern American filmmakers is complete.  But we already knew that, didn't we.  However, in addition to technical virtuosity, there is undeniably artistic merit here.  In my mind the most artistic and therefore most interesting scene in the film is when Algren (Cruise) disembarks at Yokohama.  The lavish and loving care that obviously went into the creation of this time-piece set is impressive.  One could watch this scene over and over again, seeking new details each time, and enjoy the pastime.  Further artistic inspiration comes from the natural settings provided by New Zealand, and in particular the composite cone of volcano Taranaki, standing in admirably for Fujiyama.  The geology of New Zealand is similar enough to Japan that this setting comes off very well in the story telling.  Also, kudos to the carpenters and design team who created the structures; this is really good stuff.  Also in the positive column is the costumery, especially the Samurai armor.  All visual aspects of this film are superb.  And so is the story line; there is much here to engage the imagination.  This is withal a very good film, but with such elements described above going for it, it could have been a timeless classic of the filmmaker's art.  I acknowledge I may be far off the mark, but it seems to me these modern American filmmakers miss the mark time and again when it comes to where they ought to concentrate their efforts and imaginations, hence my accusation of this being a "formulaic epic.  These days a grandiose and expensively produced climactic battle is de rigueur, but why is this so?  Who decided this?  If you stop to think about it, is such extravagance necessary to tell this story?  In my opinion
 I was very resistant to see this movie. As a man of minority I was not all that excited about seeing another movie that promotes "whiteman's burden". Why does Hollywood not trust  people with color with our own stories? The true story without the fictional character that Tom Cruise plays was just as intriguing.  I must admit this was a good movie. It was cinematically lush and rich. The views, scenes, and camera shots were amazing and captures a spirit of Japan that is rarely seen. Hans Zimmer makes a emotionally captivating soundtrack. The costumes were well crafted period pieces. The actors gave commendable performances. I was most captivated by Ken Watanabe's performance. His character was a beautiful balance of opposites. He was powerful yet serene, and a leader yet a servant, a rebel yet was dedicated to the emperor. This was a tumultuous time in Japan's history in which tradition clashed with modernization. The tragic story would have been just as amazing without the fictional character that Cruise plays.  I found it hard to believe that a soldier caught and held prisoner for one winter would be able to master swordsmanship to the point that he could stalemate a samurai who has been studying for all his life. Details like that disappoint me. Even in a story as epic as Last Samurai, there had to be a Caucasian meddling in the middle of it all. Loosely based on the life of Siago Takamori, the movie is overall a good film. My criticism is that the movie suggests that Cruise's character is the Last Samurai. In a final scene the whole regiment of Japanese imperial soldiers bow down to a fallen Kastumoto. Algren holds the samurai, yet it appears that the whole of the troops are bowing to Algren! I am disappointed that this story would not have been even told had there not been a Caucasian character to sell box office tickets.
 In DANCES WITH WOLVES (1990), Kevin Costner is the emotionally drained Civil War soldier whose life is renewed on the Great Plains by a wild wolf and a band of Sioux when he adopts the lifestyle and values of the latter. He  goes Indian .  As this film opens in 1876, ex-Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), formerly of the 7th Cavalry, is an alcoholic Civil War and Plains Indian War veteran reduced to making public appearances on behalf of the Winchester Arms Company, maker of the famous repeating rifle. He's rescued by his old commanding officer, Col. Benjamin Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), who arranges for Algren to help train the Japanese Imperial Army in modern warfare techniques. The pay is $500 per month. Because of an incident in the campaign against the Indians that still causes Algren nightmares, cost him his self-perceived honor, and drove him to drink, Nathan tells his ex-CO that he'll kill anyone in Japan for $500 a month, but would gladly kill Bagley for free. Army camaraderie is not all it's cracked up to be. In any case, off both sail to Japan. The Imperial government is bedeviled by rebel samurai warriors cranky about the increasing Westernization of society. In the first skirmish between Algren-trained troops and a samurai band led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is wounded and captured. He spends the winter in Katsumoto's village, where he's nursed back to health by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband Algren had killed in the recent battle. While a prisoner, Nathan discovers love with you-know-who and personal friendship with Katsumoto, whose life he saves at one point, and re-discovers Honor through proximity with and training in the Samurai Code. In the final confrontation between the samurai and Imperial troops led by Bagley, guess where Algren plants his standard? It's DANCES WITH WOLVES all over again, but without the wolf. The samurai even employ bows and arrows. THE LAST SAMURAI is a well-acted, engaging story that's shot in some beautiful scenery. Since New Zealand seems to be the location of moviemakers' choice lately (LOTR trilogy, PETER PAN), I wasn't surprised to see in the ending credits that some of this film, presumably that part in the samurai village, was located there. And speaking of scenery, there's Koyuki, a Japanese actress  unknown on U.S. screens, who's exquisite. Unfortunately, the film is perhaps thirty minutes too long, and the climactic battle sequence is milked for all it's worth - and then some - including some unnecessary slo-mo footage. The term  maudlin  comes to mind. And it's this aspect of THE LAST SAMURAI which makes it, to me, inferior to that other action epic of 2003, the more tightly edited MASTER AND COMMANDER. THE LAST SAMURAI may win some Oscars, such as for cinematography or costuming. But, I perceive it as only one of the better films of 2003 as opposed to one of the best.
 I began this movie thinking that it was just another vehicle for Tom Cruise, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised to find a real movie. The character development is a bit loose and had somewhat of a rushed feeling. The story sometimes came off as unbelievable or inconsistent, for instance the first battle where Tom Cruise is captured really does not connect to the other part of the story. Tom being wounded defeats several samurai warriors, later his fighting skills were shown to be much more inept compared to the samurai. This did not seem consistent to me. The Japanese Emperor not knowing what to do and playing both sides of the fence seemed a bit unbelievable.  You get the feeling that the reason why Ken Wantanabe's character respects Tom Cruise so much, is because that they both were tortured battle tired warriors. Overall, I did enjoy this film. It does have some beautiful cinematography. Nevertheless, the violence is extremely graphic and there are some scenes where Tom Cruise is drying out from alcoholism.
 Started out kinda shaky...Honestly almost turned it off but Cruise's performance held my interest so I kept watching.  Thank God I did because it really is a good film.  Sure there are a lot of bad things some people could say about it just to be mean - I hated a lot of the editing in the beginning and that goofy fat guy from Harry Potter Prisoner From Azkaban is terrible in it (most people I know just can't stand Tom Cruise - which is unfortunate because he is  a MUCH better actor than most people give him credit for).  The whole movie is carefully balanced by tremendous action sequences in the middle and final section of the film and the sympathetic Japanese characters (Watanabe, the love interest, the kids etc...). They are all so believable and easy to connect to.  Some of the negative reviews on here (Amazon) are criticizing Cruise's performance harshly and the role his character plays in influencing the samurai/japanese people etc...Really it is Cruise's character though who learns in this movie and not the other way around which the trailer for this film so mistakenly conveyed...And unfortunately prevented me from seeing it in the theater.  And believe me when I say that I am the LAST person to want to see some movie about a "white man (let alone one of the biggest american movie stars in the world) showing some bada#$ "samurai how its done in the skills of fighting...But the film works people.  It isn't Gladiator or Braveheart but the characters are interesting and compelling, and many of the action sequences are truly suspenseful and entertaining...Even rousing at times.  The biggest problem I had with it was the opening (for awhile it was beginning to feel like a poor man's version of "Glory - a perfect film in my mind which Edward Zwick also directed).  This isn't "Glory but it isn't bad either.  Cruise is one of the best actors out there I've decided after watching this film.  People like calling him a "vanity actor because he's such a major star and that he does roles that are in most cases larger than life...But what actor out there can honestly say they don't want that?  And besides he has done a wide array of roles and is surprisingly transformational...I say "surprisingly simply because more people don't want to admit or recognize it...Think about how different he is in this from Born On The Fourth Of July or Collateral or Eyes Wide Shut or Color Of Money or Magnolia or Minority Report...The guy has some serious range people.  Don't be jealous 'cuz he's rich and good looking and has worked with some of the best directors ever (i.e. Oliver Stone, Kubrick, Spielberg, Scorsese, Brian De Palma, Tony Scott, Michael Mann).  Life's too short for that kinda talk people. Admit the truth...Tom Cruise is a beast of an actor and he deserves all the fame he's received whether you want to admit it or not.
 Very well made movie not sure about the messagge...  I am not a Tom Cruise fan but he did a great job in this movie, I am still not sure if the messagge was anti technology, in that case I would say it is quite shallow.
 I'm a big fan of the samurai films (Toshiro Mifune is my favorate actor pre-1970).  I appreciate the moral code and style of living that the samurai live.  I'm also not a big fan of Tom Cruise and his blockbuster style movie career.  A few of his films are entertaining (MIP, Top Gun, Taps), but not great. This film is very enjoyable.  Katsumoto and Cruise's character have a very good and interesting relationship.  The scenes between the two have great dialogue...in that they are enemies with great respect for each other.   The cinematography is awesome (Widescreen edition is a must to get the full benefits.  Beautiful.  The clothing and buildings are historically accurate. The battle scenes are very graphic, so beware.  They are also very honorable (being the samurai way) and emotional. I highly recommend this film for its action, story, charactization, and acting.  It is a great film that belongs in everyone's collection.
 The place; Japan. The Year; 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), an extremely courageous American officer who participated in the killing of many American Indians is left with immense guilt and despair.  He gets hired by the Emperor of Japan to train the country's first army in the art of modern warfare, replacing by force the ancient Imperial Samurai warriors.  On the first battle between Algren's Japanese trained troops and a samurai group led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is captured yet kept alive after showing immense courage on the battlefield ground.  Gravely injured, he spends the winter in Katsumoto's village where he gets nursed by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband, was killed in the battlefield by Algren.  While in captivity, Algren discovers the samurai code, honor, pride, love, and build a personal fantastic friendship with Katsumoto.  Beautiful music, costume design; great DVD picture with great sound.  If you want to go back in time and find out how Japan was 100 years ago; if you want an epic action drama movie combined with a fantastic love story and if you want to know about the Samurai warriors. The last Samurai would be highly recommended.
 There is certainly no shortage of Hollywood epics these days, and it takes a certain flair in order for one to stand out amongst the rest. "The Last Samurai is a film that most certainly seperates itself from the masses.  The story follows American Army Captain Nathan Algren (Cruise), a man haunted by the horrors of war, as he is hired by the Japanese to train their army and lead them to victory over the Samurai, who are rebelling against the modernization of Japan. During the first battle against the Samurai, Algren is taken captive and forced to remain in an isolated Samurai village. There, he learns the enigmatic ways of the Samurai and comes to love their unique brand of civilization. He then switches sides and fights along side the Samurai and against his former peers.  "The Last Samurai is a gentle, caring study of how modern society often tramples over ways of the past without even flinching. The film showcases beautiful cinematography and expert pacing. However, it is not without its flaws. The acting is hit-and-miss. Tom Cruise and Tony Goldwyn deliver average performances, while Ken Watanabe is quite exceptional as the peaceful leader of the Samurai village. The film, while excellent, also does have its share of clich&eacute;s, such as a shaky slow motion scene where Algren remembers the massacre that haunts him. There are also a few moments where you have to wonder if director Edward Zwick is kind of trying to tug at your strings (to release the waterworks, that is).  But flaws aside, "The Last Samurai is a film people should most certainly see. The social commentary is very relevant to modern society and the blend of beautiful scenic backdrops and violent battle sequences make this film truly stand out amongst a sea of stinkers such as "Troy".  8/10
 This is an interesting role for tom Cruise. Many times, you'll see him playing himself in films - by that I mean, you never quite lose the line between him and his character.  And that works for him.  In this film, you get a glimpse of how he is learning to transcend his own character and lose himself more fully in his roles. As he matures as an actor, and not just a blockbuster draw, I really think those kinds of transformations are going to be his best asset.  The story in the film is touching and ironic, and is respectful of all the cultures represented within it. Are they accurate portrayals? That depends on which side of the lens you're on.
 I enjoyed the Last Samurai.  I won't pretend to be a professional cinema critic and, therefore, cannot have an informed opinion about things like the cinematography, so I'll mention in brief what I do know. Positives
 Sunday, May 16, 2004 / 4 of 5 / Surprisingly good vehicle for Cruise.  Tom brings a suitably tortured mein to the role as a late 1870's army captain fresh off the Indian wars of the west.  Brought over to Japan to ostensibly modernize their army and remove the vestiges of the samurai caste he is quickly captured and spends the rest of the movie going through a `Dances with Wolves' transformation into a gaijin warrior.  Despite the simplistic plot, the movie is delivered with a great earnestness and sense of purpose.  Watanabe is at once fierce and serene as the lead samurai, [was he a daimyo or in the service of one?].  This film hints at the beauty and depth of bushido, trying to make it understandable to the western sensibility.  I have a great love for Japanese culture, history, and aesthetics; and this film managed to mix in some wonderful examples of those.  While it may be decried as a star vehicle for Cruise I think one can watch and enjoy it from period piece point of view.  Recommended.
 It's a pretty good movie overall. It would have been nice if Tom Cruise were replaced by a japanese actor. It would have been impossible for a foreigner to learn the japanese language and how to sword fight (japanese style) in such a small space of time as described in the movie. Basicly 6 months?? LOL The movie is loosely based on the  Satsuma Rebellion  which took place in 1876-77 when a bunch of aging Samurai decided to take a last stand against the new Meiji Government. The Samurai fought well but eventually went extinct. The Last Samurai is a good movie though, in a world with a lack of Samurai flicks.
 The last Samurai is a typical movie to watch on Blu Ray. The image during the first 20 minutes of the movie are not impressive, but once Tom is in the samurai village the image quality is beautiful!
 Outstanding in every way. I can't think of a movie in recent history that I have enjoyed more.  Great cultural piece.
 Tom C's best movie - I am not a big Tom C. fan but this is his best movie. Good pace, good acting, great soundtrack it has it all -
 Maybe you have already seen this Movie on DVD so you know what I'm talking about. I`ve you're interest in Historic Movie's like Patriot or Bravehearth you will like this Movie. But beware, the Picture looks not real HD, only like a Medium DVD Tranfer. If you have seen King Kong on HD you will be disappointed because the Picture never seems to be real sharp. The same with the Sound - The DD5.1 Downmix is very poor...you must turn the Sound up at near 30% higher as Miami Vice or King Kong to have the same Sound Level...What's up Warner?  But don't understand me wrong, I love this Movie...it has Bookmarks and a good Extras "Setup - so maybe this is only the beginning for the "Real HD Experience ;-)
 I think this is a seriously underrated film.  I know a lot of people don't think Cruise is a fantastic actor, but I think he does a great job in this film.  A lot of people don't think Costner is a great actor, but many think he did great in Dances With Wolves.  The Last Samurai is Cruise's Dances With Wolves.  It takes place in the same relative time period, and it involves a man taken into a new culture and learning to respect and love it.  Lots of tremendous Japanese actors, and great fighting and battle scenes.  It also features a terrific Ninja battle.  Give this one a try, it is worth the effort.
 'Good enough' is about as good a review I can think of for this movie.  As long as your prepared for the formula ending you should be able to enjoy this movie purely on its solid production merits.  Worth viewing.
 Rolling in late December 2003, this movie surprised me a great deal. I didn't know how deep it would try and be, or how good the storyline or action was. I may hear people complain about a few plot holes, but give the movie a break, guys. This is definitely one of Tom Cruise's best outings. One of his most emotional performances is given here. Ken Watanabe is astounding as the leader of the samurai clan that take Civil War vet Capt. Nathan Aulgren (Cruise) into their clan as a P.O.V. but he eventually learns to like their culture and becomes a samurai himself. The landscape of the movie is beautiful, and Hans Zimmer's score plays gloriously in the background.   The movie really makes you eventually hate the  modern  enemy of a modernized Japan, with a fully-equipped legion of American-trained soldiers, Nathan's old enemy from back home, and the leader of the new brand of soldiers. This leads to an all-out war between the samurai and the new Japan and it is an incredible scene when these two go at it, definitely one of my favorite movie war scenes of all-time.   The DVD is a fully-loaded 2 disc-set, boasting impressive video quality and audio quality on the first one with 2.35
 This is a very entertaining movie. good action, good scenery and good story. Not as good as braveheart, but one of the best of 2003. extras are good
 There is a goof during the battle scene with the ninjas
 I was surprised that I actually liked this one, particularly since it seemed to promise just another run-of-the-mill action/adventure period piece. Of course I happen to be partial to these kinds of stories and I have a great fondness for the Japanese variants of same. Still I didn't expect to enjoy this hybrid eastern-western that reworked Japanese history in order to put a dissolute and despondent American war hero (who's tortured by what he did in the Indian wars that followed on the Civil War) into the era of Japanese modernization. Tom Cruise always seems to me to be too cuddly to play such roles and yet I thought he pulled this one off. The story held together and was absorbing if somewhat predictable while Cruise actually proved to be a somewhat convincing American dissolute. That he takes to the Samurai lifestyle and weapons handling practices so readily is a bit hard to believe though the film does a good job of dragging out the learning process enough so that it doesn't look too precipitous. Of course, the American is only with his captors for a few months so it's a little hard to accept that he manages to become expert in Japanese swordsmanship in so short a span. But the film makes it look convincing and that's usually enough in this kind of thing. The battle scenes are also nicely done and the Samurai lord, Katsuomoto, who captures and ultimately befriends the American Algren is powerfully portrayed. Although there was little that was unexpected, Katsoumoto's escape from his enemies at the emperor's court was probably the high point and the least predictable in the film's repertoire of scenes. I'd see this one again for its ambience and tight storytelling, even if it didn't ultimately swallow me up, which, on my view, is the true measure of a great film.  SWM author of The King of Vinland's Saga
 Wow!  It's a samurai flick starring Tom Cruise, and you know what
 I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times.  I've always like Tom Cruise and he doesn't disappoint in this movie.  But the real star is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader-what perfect casting! And Koyuki as the Samurai widow was just plain gorgeous.  The HD DVD transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better.  Highly recommended.
 Awesome movie. Many people say that it is long and boring, but it is only half true. The movie is long, its 154 minutes, but it is by no means boring. This movie has a solid story line which it follows throughout the whole movie. It is centered around one character (Tom Cruise), and he appears in just about every scenes. However, the other characters aren't left out of the movie either. They all play parts that are just as important. This movie is also quite informative; before seeing it I knew little about the samurai, but I learned quite a bit about these Japanese warriors from this movie. Also there are some great fighting scenes in this movie that are worth watching. Overall, I think this was a great movie and I recommend for people to see it.  4.5 stars but Amazon doesn't have halves. 
 The Last Samurai does many things exactly right, but falls short in a few key respects. It's a great action movie, and passable as a drama. That's a shame, because it could have been great on both counts.  The major problem with this movie is that the main character is played by Tom Cruise. This isn't because I think he's a bad actor; in fact, I think he does a pretty good job with his role in this film. However, a white man was totally unnecessary here -- this movie would have been much better off as a story dealing only with the Japanese. The assimilation that occurs here strains credulity, and certainly Ken Watanabe, in a sterling performance as Katsumoto, could have carried a film himself. The fact that the presence of Cruise is a necessary concession to the target audience makes it forgivable, but not likable.  Things would have been better if Cruise's character, Algren, were better explored by the film. Unfortunately, although Cruise does his best, the writers don't seem to know what to do with Algren. Though his transformation is the heart of this story, we never really come to understand who Algren was at the beginning, and have only a vague idea of who he has become at the end. Even his journal entries, poorly narrated by Cruise, grant us little insight. We are merely left to take for granted that Algren would come to respect, rather than resent, his captors. Why Algren takes a more enlightened approach to other cultures than his American peers is also a mystery.  This lack of insight into Algren should be contrasted with Katsumoto, whose motivations, though convoluted by modern standards, are fully explicated.  In other respects, this film succeeds greatly, and masterfully avoids falling into most of the Hollywood traps. There's no sex scene, no pointless explosions, and in many ways, no happy ending. The battle scenes are wonderfully shot, and the setting is excellently delineated. The emotional interplay between Cruise and his Japanese counterparts is good in most instances, though there are a few moments that falter. And Katsumoto's final scene is powerful and moving, an excellent note on which to end a movie.  Unfortunately, they didn't go straight from there to the film's epilogue. Instead, they tacked on an additional scene with Algren and the emperor, in which the dialogue consisted almost entirely of cliches, and the young Emperor (jarringly) speaks in idiomatic American English. It's crap, and it comes at the end of the movie, where it does the most damage.  If you can convince yourself to forget that awful piece of filmmaking, however, The Last Samurai has some resonance, a moving story, and compelling characters. Katsumoto in particular is one of the most interesting characters to come onscreen in recent years, and I cannot stress enough how well Ken Watanabe plays him. This movie is worth renting just to see his intense performance. If you're a fan of samurai films in general, it's probably worth a buy. It's far from the quality of a Kurosawa epic, but The Last Samurai is a much better film than your average Hollywood blockbuster.
 a very enjoyable film with captivating visuals (the filmmakers deserve much credit for filming in actual authentic locations) and powerful, realistic fight scenes.  The story does test one's "believability standards a bit, but in a manner akin to Gladiator and so many others. This is Hollywood. Sit back and give yourself to the movie. There is so much here to enjoy.
 Insomuch as the movie was not designed to be a historical account of what happened during this period in Japan, rather an interesting, beautiful work of fiction in the form of a movie, I liked it.  Dances With Wolves  in Japan?  Definately. Amazing film making?  Umm, yeah, okay. Terrific scenery and costumes?  Oooooh yeaaaaaah. I'm *not* a Tom Cruise fan, but I *did* like this movie.
 THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD EXAM OF THE OLD MEETS THE NEW AND EAST MEETS WEST.  ALSO A GOOD EXAM OF THE MAIN CHARAXCTER DEALING WITH HIS OWN PROBLEMS.
 I liked it. The ending wasn't bad. A lot more of the movie was spoken in English than I was expecting. The swordfights are really realistic and graphic. It's something that Jackie Chan wouldn't have even been able to handle. There was a fairly decent number of parallels with Dances with Wolves.
 Forget LOTR. You want an epic that actually delivers, this is it. Best use of ninjas in a serious film ever. Great perfomances by both Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe. Ken was robbed at the oscars, heck this whole film was. It should have had several more nominations and taken best picture too. Don'ty miss this one.
 You can read 175+ reviews about what the movie's plot is and what each character did, and about the bloodracing battle scenes. That's cool. In general, the movie is very manipulative emotionally and tangles you up immediately in the plot and especially the character played Tom Cruise. Another big point is that the cinematography and the just plain beauty of the mountains is captured with extraordinary talent and adds much to the ability of the movie to involve us. So go read the other reviews for this kind of information. I'm interested in the mythos, the usage of stories to build structures of ideas, to support and extent values, in general the use of movies like this to teach moral legends. It is the storytellers art, the Homeric epics that once were passed down around campfires by old men to their grandchildren. Whispers in the dark about the giants of reknown, the heroes of the golden ages, the fighters like the battle of Thermopylae (a tale told in the movie) whose courage saved a nation. But what makes this not history but holy history, not even historical fiction but just mythos is the gap between the truth of what really was history and the storytellers art. In our age, we simply won't even believe it plausible if it doesn't proport to be history, it must be clothed in the rags of historical illusion, no matter about the bones of truth or flesh of reality. All that matters is that the clothing is authentic, the characters are believable to the masses of us who didn't get much out of 8th grade world history, let alone a college history of Japan class. Mythos must appear as logos (thanks to Karen Armstrong for the images), but appearances are all that truely matters. The storytellers art takes over immediately and operates from the beginning to weave a tale, to build a moralizing story that thrills us and challenges us to absorb the morality and those values presented in the movie. The major value is honor, the battle of the underdog against overwhelming odds, the fight of old tradition and new technology. The samurai are presented as warrior Buddhist monks, ascetic and pure of heart, challenging their faults and getting better every day due to this passion for excellence and practice, practice, practice. And Tom Cruise's character is a samurai born out of place, a real warrior's heart, dismayed and beaten down by the brutal Army murders of native American women and children. Full of nightmares and sweats out the DT's, and falls in love with his real people, the mountain volk, where he learns Japanese in a winter, plus has a satori experience with sword fighting, all the time keeping a journal complete with sketches. Well, maybe i am a little cynical, skeptical at being manipulating in such a blatant way, cautious at the prospect at going to a movie for entertainment and getting a moralizing message in such a direction and almost hamfisted way. I ask what is the object of the samurai's honor? Towards the emperor? only outwardly. Towards traditional family values? not with all the bloodshed and teaching boys to kill young. Towards life? not with the suicide impulse just below the surface. It appears to be honor for honor's sake, value without a fundamental object, without a big point, but honor simply as a survival value on the battlefield. To have honor motivates, inspires, swings the sword harder and longer, kills without compassion, it the basic utilitarian value of the warrior class. That is what the movie is about, the flowers and poetry, the buddhist chanting and zen archery are pieces tacked on to balance out the blood and glore of the battlescenes. For these humane values are not the ones which motivate the characters, but rather the glory of battle, not the fighting-for-the-guy-next-to-you that is so common in war movies, but the glory for oneself. The bloody sword at the end of the day dripping with the red life of your enemies. And it really doesn't matter who your enemies are
 Even with all the negative attention Cruise has been garnering lately it's hard to see why people wouldn't see this film. The movie is romantic and fanciful. It is somewhat ridiculous and over the top but also elegant. The fighting scenes are dead on and actually quite beautiful. By far though the star of this movie is Ken Watanabe. If for no other reason you should see this movie just because Billy Connolly is in it.
 La version de esta pelicula en bluray es excelente, los colores son mas vividos y el sonido es totalmente superior, es una de mis peliculas favoritas de tom cruise
 One aspect I really like in this movie is it's portrayal of PTSD in Cruise's character. I recommend it to family members of returning war veterans.
 Tom Cruise stars in this wildly entertaining prequel to Nick Castle's THE LAST STARFIGHTER.  Miss this and you'll be searching for a sword to fall on.
 Until the ending (which a previous reviewer correctly described as  maudlin ), Edward Zwick's THE LAST SAMURAI is a magnificent samurai epic, filled with great big emotions but also blessed with more thoughtfulness and intimacy than the usual Hollywood epic. The insights into Japan during this particular time setting---the late 1800s, when the samurai way of life was slowly fading away and Westernization was taking over---are sure to fascinate, and the action scenes are first-rate, as is the widescreen cinematography here by John Toll.  Ken Watanabe got justly deserved plaudits for his authoritative supporting turn here as samurai leader Katsumoto---he really takes the screen by force. A lot of critics, for some reason, weren't so complementary to Tom Cruise, as the American Nathan Algren, here. Perhaps they thought his pretty-boy image got in the way of either the epic's grand ambition or the effectiveness of his own performance. Whatever the reason, I personally didn't have such problems with Cruise in this movie---he seemed convincing enough here, although he certainly is upstaged by the sheer authority of Watanabe's performance. In short, THE LAST SAMURAI is overall a grand and glorious epic that admirably attempts to be more than just pretty pictures and awesome action scenes, and, more often than not, it succeeds in its noble ambitions. If the ending does come off as too preachy or over-sentimental in the usual Hollywood manner---well, I find it a forgivable lapse, indicative of the filmmakers' desire to function as both thoughtful historical commentary and great entertainment at the same time. I don't think many people will be bored by this movie (like many many people seem to be with LOST IN TRANSLATION). Recommended.
 They're Eastern costumes, mostly, but still costume drama. The situation, the final wresting of power from the last of the feudal lords, is historically true. The movie's story, however, involving the American gone native, is synthetic. It's a good movie. It addresses the Japanese culture with knowledge and respect. It brings to life one of the defining moments of Japanese history, possibly the one moment that marks the start of modern era. The costuming and architecture are beautiful. It presents the bushido, the samurai ethic, as an all-consuming force in the lives of the samurai themselves but also in their families. Still, I have reservations about semi-historical movies. Takamori's final battle is an historical event, and this presentation of it is fiction. Lord knows that Americans need more exposure to world history and that this flick is an enticing way to present it. Still, the movie blurs the line between fact and fiction, between entertainment and events as documented. As much as I like the movie, I don't think that it serves history very well.
 A lot of reviewers wax philosophical as they describe their reasons for disliking the movie -- not historically accurate, an offense to the Japanese, an offense to Western culture. I'm pretty well read with friends of all ethnic origins, and I enjoyed this movie thoroughly.  It's a simple story about a man's struggle to belong and regain his honor through helping others. Tom Cruise did his usual good-quality job, and the rest of the cast was outstanding. The real star of the movie is the allure of a simple life.
 But never really hooks the viewer. Good action but contrived.
 This is a movie that when it is on TV I will stop to watch it everytime.  Great flic but how is it that when searching for the movie I stumble on a blu-ray copy for 9.99 and VHS for 13.84???????  Did I miss something I know unfortunately that the 80's are coming back but not this much.
 In 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is living in a bottle.  He is a Captain in the U.S. Army who is so ashamed of the things he did in the Indian Wars under Gen. Custer that he has to constantly drink in order to forget the extremely painful memories.  Unable to keep a job, he decides to accept an offer from a Japanese noble-man.  Along with a few other military officers, including his old Colonel (Tony Goldwyn), whom Algren detests for ordering him to carry out viscious orders, and Algren's friend Zebulon Gant (Billy Connolly), he will travel to Japan to train the imperial army in modern warfare.  Japan is trying to modernize after centuries of isolationism, and there is a rebellion led by the Samurai, who believe that by modernizing, Japan is losing its sense of self.  The Samurai, led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), will do everything they can to protect the traditional Japanese values.  After the first battle, the poorly trained Imperial Army is massacred by the disciplined Samurai warriors, and Algren is the only soldier able to actually defend himself.  Sensing his strength, Katsumoto has him taken alive in order to be studied.  While in Katsumoto's village, Algren begins to discover many admirable qualities of the Samurai, including their discipline, their loyalty, and most importantly for Algren, their serenity.  This was a great film; it dealt with loyalty, moral ambiguity, and courage.  The story, while somewhat predictable, was a good one to tell.  However, this story probably is not very accurate, but that can be overlooked.  There are some logic problems (Algren learned Japanese FAST), but once again, they don't detract from this great film.
 The story
 Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is a human wreck. He's been through the American Civil War and also fought against Native Indians in a murderous little war.  He drinks to crush the horrible memories, but even that is failing to calm his tortured spirit.  With little to keep him in America, he joins a semi-official mercenary force that goes to Japan to help the pro-West government put down a samuari backlash  You'd think the new imperial army - armed with rifles and cannon - would be able to easily crush the sword-wielding warriors, but in his first encounter with samurai Algren's green troops are wiped out and he is captured.  He survives and is taken to the last samurai warlord Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who wants to learn about the West "to know his enemies better".  Initially reviled by the Japanese, Algren too is learning from his enemies and begins to appreciate their view on life and honour. When it comes time for his release he realises that perhaps the modern way is no longer his to follow.  That pretty much sums up the basic storyline of The Last Samurai and while it can be compared with Dances With Wolves, it is more action filled.  The fight scenes are superb and the battle scenes will have you on the edge of the couch.  The characters are believable and throughout the movie you will form attachments to them.  Cruise is at his best, while Ken Watanabe is sensational as the samurai fighting for his country's traditions and values. Timothy Spall also plays a wonderful role as a former British diplomat turned photographer.  The Last Samurai is excellent viewing and will appeal to those who like beautiful photography, a good storyline and terrific battle scenes.
 I guess everything that needs to be said about the actors, the set and the story has been said here, many times over.  . My hat is off to the Japanese actors and the costume & set designers.  The atmospheric element in this movie is stunning; for example, the first charge of the samurai in that misty forest, is unforgetable.  I loved the ninja attack. This is one of the few recent productions in which the masculine is portrayed in a wholesome manner
 This movie is a very interesting look at opportunism, guilt and shame on the one hand and opportunity, pride and honor on the other.  The irony throughout the movie was a comparing of these things within two cultural frameworks.  The clash between the old world being encroached upon by a new world.   The comparison between the opportunism of the US against the native American tribes compared to the resistance of the old world Japanese Samurai was fascinating to say the least.  The characters that were played by Watanabe and Cruise were very much linked through similar issues but from vastly different persepectives. Cruise plays a US Calvary Captain (Nathan Algren) who is tormented by his past and when he goes to Japan on a mercenary mission to assist the Emperor's minions in defeating the last hold out of the old ways he is forced to see himself and the world he is from through a different lens. The cavalier versus the discipline and strength of the Samurai are showed over again.  Algren goes through a metamorphasis of sorts.  It is a different look at the issues of east versus west. At varying points in the film, Algren is seen going through a conflict in his mind that torments him.  He is seen running from and with this scene playing within his psyche at all times.  His torment reaches it's climax in his captivity.  That is where the story changes and a man is free.   The issues that contain the ironies are things to look for, the western ways of expediency and convenience versus the eastern ways of patience.  Katsumoto (Watanabe) has a righteous anger, yet you need to listen carefully to his raging with the Emperor..... Algren finds himself in a new world and a new mentality.  I was left to wonder if there is a metaphor regarding today's east verse west conflict.  Today, some of the west come to adopt eastern ideology and even side with those in conflict with their societies.  It seems more that Cruise is accepting a cause than anything else and releases himself from his torment. The movie reflects a full range of emotion from sorrow, to anger to love and deep reflection.  This is rated R yet only for the violence and some language, there is no sex, no nudity and very little language and some of what is spoken is almost humorous.  Billy Connoly looks like John Cleese.  He has a few lines that come across funny to a degree. Tony Goldwyn plays Cruise's alter-ego who stays in character throughout.   The battle scenes, from the two larger battles to the one small skirmish are pictured very intensely.  I wonder if the scenes showing the battle between the Samurai and the newly formed Japanese army are really a reflection of the American Indian fighting the US Army in the great Indian wars.  It is from the same timeframe and to me it seems possible that the message was easier to get across so that it would be acceptable for those who are resistant to politically correct messages. The basic story though is well thought out and well presented.  I would have rated it a 5 and many would do so as well, yet the "BraveHeart type violence to me is getting a little worn thin.  The sheer violence of the small battle that ensued in Tokyo was enough to show intensity and bravado. The scene of hand to hand combat was appropriate and realistic.  I particularly was impressed with the intense desire to live shown in that scene. The sensation of emotion is very intense in this film and sensationalism was not necessary for me. I will watch this movie again and will add it to my wish list.
 A disillusioned, alcoholic American soldier (Tom Cruise) hires out as a mercenary in Japan to put down the rebellion of a samurai leader (Ken Watanabe), but instead he comes to admire their ways and joins them in their struggle.  This is a deeply flawed film that nevertheless has many fine points to recommend it.  It is a rousing adventure with stirring battle scenes.  The photography, costuming, and production design are astonishing, presenting a convincing and fascinating portrait of samurai culture and Japanese peasant life.  The cast is mostly excellent, especially Watanabe, who should be remembered at Oscar time.  However, there are two things that work against this film.  The first is Tom Cruise himself.  Although he does good work here, he just seems to be too lightweight as an actor to grapple convincingly with the issues of guilt and redemption that torment his character.  The biggest problem is the film's ending, which eschews an honest resolution in favor of Hollywood convention.  Nevertheless, the things that work in this film really work well, resulting in a entertaining and worthy feature./
 I wouldn't say that this movie is some extraodinary creation - just typical well-done Hollywood production. In different backgrounds the same kind of movie was played already a few times. The fighting scenes are great. Tom Cruise is good. Japanesse background is exciting. The major points in the history are correct. I have only two complains. First, the fighting parties are potrayed in white and black
 This movie is wonderful in Blu-ray and DTS digital surround. These formats were created for movies with great vistas and battle scenes, which abound here.  It's a movie about honor, bravery, nobility and redemption.  Along the way we have subplots including the clash of civilizations in 19th century Japan, a tender, thought-provoking love story, an action thriller and a buddy movie between the Tom Cruise character, Captain Algren and the Samurai warrior, Lord Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe, who gives a better performance than Cruise, IMO.  I'm not Tom Cruise's biggest fan.  I consider him to be more of a movie star than he is an actor, yet I keep finding myself watching and enjoying his movies and this is my favorite.  He did a fine job in this movie, however. Not perfect but not much is. It was a difficult part, in that he had to convincingly portray a man going through major changes.  The redemption I mentioned, had to have been emotionally challenging for the actor. He did all his own stunts, btw.  The direction, filming and editing is as good as anything you're going to see.  The Blu-ray transfer was excellent.  The sets, primarily in the Warner Bros lot in Burbank and in New Zealand were outstanding.  The extras were equally outstanding, with the voice-over commentary by director Edward Zwick going more into his emotional journey with the film far more than the usual "making of", although there's plenty of that in the extras as well.  I gave it 4 stars.
 Beware the Ultra edition of this movie. It is edited and the quality is horrible. Eros does it justice. Not edited and the quality is great for the film's age. When it comes to the movie, it's not Bollywood's greatest. However, I like it a lot and I think the music is awesome. If you're new to Bollywood, this may not be the best place to start, but believe it or not this was my first Bollywood movie and I fell in love right away.Romantic movies with great music. That pretty much sums Bollywood up. This movie is a bit different from the common Bollywood movie. It's a thriller which is not common in Bollywood, and the fact that it was made in the sixties and is influenced by sixties culture makes it are two reasons why. If you love the sixties like I do however, this is no problem. This movie starts out kind of confusing so I urge you to stick with it.
 Odd Movie. Need the English Subtitles to follow it. Kind of a 60's Musical, Murder Mansion Mystery. With India themes and actors. Some say it is a cult classic. Some say it represents the best of India Cinema (Bollywood). I can't say I would have even looked this up if it wasn't for the opening Dance-musical number that was made famous in the opening of the movie Ghost World. This movie has the complete original version of that fun, catchy Dance Tune, that is also recently used in the latest Hienikin Beer Commercial. This is a very unusual movie, not for all tastes, and the majority of the tunes are India 60's style Romance and Pop type tunes. Kinda whiney, as they go. But, boy oh boy, that great Opening Dance Tune alone will be worth the cost of the DVD. I'm sure you'll play it again many times.
 There was this advetisement for Heineken,which i wondered where the song was from.I searched around on the internet and found out that it is from a movie made in India.I have heard of Bollywood i have seen some stores,but this is the first movie i have ever seen from India.Kind of reminded me of the movies my X-wife used to watch from the Phillipines. What made me want to watch this movie was i saw the dance scene at the start for the song titled Jaan Pehechaan Ho,from Youtube.I thought it was kind of fun,i had to watch it a few times it's really cool.I liked the way it was all put together,and it's good the song is a long one. So i watched the movie and there was times i thought that the movie dragged on a bit, as it was a long movie.I actually thought the music wasn't bad for most of it.There was other dance scenes in it that were also well done. The plot is some people were told they had won a 2 week sight seeing trip.Only to find out they were dumped on an island with a killer who was out for revenge on each person there. Obviously i had to get subtitles.
 I enjoyed this Anime collection very much. You can find other reviews that will tell you all you could want to know about the story and content. So in summation it was enjoyable. This story did not leave this viewer with a sense of ending. There should be a second season to bring the story to a conclusion. Maybe there will be, until then, the ending of this series is only available in the manga books. I have not seen the manga story so I can not be sure it has a conclusive ending.
 The only reason this got 4 stars was due to the ending. It left me sort of let down. I found not knowing what happened to the two heroines really hurt the story. I was left wishing that we knew what came next. The plot does lead up to a nice climax but when we get hung out at the end. Other than that this was a really good series.
 This is a sci-fi action with magic thrown in. It has a bit of romance, some teen-angst soul-searching and plenty of other genres blended in well enough not to hinder the story-line and in most cases help develop it. As it is a S.A.V.E. edition I definitely though it was worth the money. I'd call it average to a little above average. Due mostly to violence, I would not recommend it for children, and some situations may not be acceptable to some parents.
 It's hard not to give a movie with Louise Brooks 5 stars, but this just isn't her best vehicle. In fact she only has a supporting role. But anything with Louise's smile is worth watching. If you don't own Pandoria's Box get it first, this is masterpiece. Other Louise Brooks are hard to find but can be worth the effort. Beggar's of Life is a point in example. Nut if you have Pandor's Box get this, it's worth it.
 Director Malcolm St. Clair's adaptation of the George Kelly stageplay THE SHOW-OFF is actually a Ford Sterling vehicle, despite cover art depicting Louise Brooks, who here portrays the girlfriend of a secondary character.  Sterling is best known as Chief of Mack Sennett's Keystone Kops. In this story he's the bragadocious J. Aubrey Piper, a carnation-wearing railroad clerk claiming to be a wealthy company big shot. Aubrey proposes to Amy Fisher (Wilson), which displeases her parents who are little-impressed with him, as they've been told the truth about their future son-in-law's lowly position and net worth. The two marry anyway, and spendthrift Aubrey is unable to support his bride on a clerk's pay.  After he wins a car in a raffle, Aubrey (who doesn't know how to operate it) causes several accidents by driving on the wrong side of the road. In the process of crashing the auto, Aubrey pins a traffic cop against a wall. In court he's unable to pay a $1,000 fine, so his brother Joe (Kelly) helps out, which causes a whole new set of problems.  In 1946, Red Skelton starred in one of the many remakes of <a href="http
 I received a bare-bones copy of the movie, a video rental copy with no extras at all. I was disappointed at this. However, the copy was flawless so from that point of view I was satisfied, I LOVE extras on a DVD, they are one of the main advantages over a VHS copy.
 I bought this movie for my semester break. I have only seen it once but it was nice having it for my break.
 Much better than T3, good action movie. I'm not going to get as detailed into it as some of the reviews. its not a complicated movie. Are there some gaffs that "true fans will notice and blog in their parent's basements about? Yes, but thats all movies.  Dont like it, start a movie studio and do it right.  Lots of nice easter eggs and references to T2. Pop some popcorn and watch. I would review the BR extras, but dont have a BR player. I rented it with the option of getting a disc, and at some point a BR player will make its way to our house. Till then...
 Terminator Salvation is a good re-visit to the past.  Good but not great.  A GREAT re-visit to a bonafide franchise is Die Hard 4.  Director Len Wiseman understood the material and seamlessly generated an explosive next chapter.  This is where Terminator Salvation falls short.  It borrowed too generously from the past and relied too heavily on editing to make it nothing more than a better than o.k. sequel.  Worth a watch but a missed opportunity for sequel greatness.
 When I got to the end of this movie I was relieved to realize that I'd actually seen something new in the Terminator series and not a simple re-hash of the other movies.  99% of this movie takes place post Judgment Day and concentrates on the rise of John Connor in the resistance and the first great victory against the machines.  This wasn't a movie where I was tempted to hit the fast forward button.  The action scenes are reasonably compact and progress the plot rather than simply being there for violence alone.  This movie leaves you with a feeling you have watched the foundation for at least one more Terminator movie, and if that is case I hope it retains the same actors and director as I liked the feeling of progression that you got from the story line here.  For me, Sam Worthington was a surprise. The only other movie I've seen him in is <a href="http
 Here is one the critics didn't think too much off, but both the wife and I found it enjoyable.  If you have seen the other Terminator movies, this fills in some good information on the series.  It is well acted and has plenty of action and I thought a very good story line.  One mans opinion but I recommend it for all action movie viewers.
 The blueray picture is always better than the DVD and the extra's are nice as well. The movie plot was so-so, but I was entertained throughout and thats what counts.
 If you enjoy movies that special effects have a starring role, you will like this one.  Also I'm a big fan of Christian Bale, so what more can I say?
 While i dont think any terminator could be as good as the first 2.  This one comes pretty close.  You know how in the the 1st one it kept going to flashforwards to the future and how scary it was.  well in this movie youre in that enviroment the whole time.  Skulls all over the ground, people living underground, terminators lurking around every corner.  Its awesome bc i always loved those scenes in the first one.  the story is about a guy in jail who got the death penalty and hes signs to give his body over to science, but instead later in the future he wakes up to realize hes a terminator.  he meets up with john conners dad kyle reese, who is younger than he is, as they try to get away from the terminators.  Later kyle convinces the terminator guy (i forget his name at the moment) to meet up with john and they also meet up with a beautiful woman and they fall for each other.  when they finally meet up with john and he realizes the guy is a terminator he has trouble trusting him and locks him up.  but the woman rescues him and then to prove hes a good guy he tries to help find kyle reese who gets kidnapped by the bad termiators.  anyway you must see it if youre a fan of sci fi movies or the terminator movies, and who isnt right?
 but there was this one part that had me laughing, the resistance, cops or whoever had freakin dogs with them to hunt down terminators ... lol ... freaking dogs!
 love the blue ray, it's better than the theater. this is one of the best terminator movies made. Christian Bale brings his usual intensity to the role of John Conner.  well done
 As a fan of the entire Terminator movie series, you would be forgiven for assuming that I would hate this movie. The truth is that I didn't watch this movie hoping it would match the brilliance of the original movies as I knew that simply wasn't going to happen. What we got was not a film that captured the terrifying doomsday essence of what made Cameron's two Terminator films so brilliant. We also didn't even get the cool and slick looking destruction heavy style of the third Terminator film. What we got instead was, what I felt, to be a perfectly captured post-apocalyptic world which contains a marvellous depiction of the human race when faced with what seems as the impossible fight for survival. Director McG has received a lot of doubt about his ability move the Terminator saga into the post-apocalyptic world which we first gained a glimpse of in the first Terminator movie. That doubt had no foundation and what McG presented in the finished piece, although the plot could do with some polishing, was a fantastically frightening environment with some cool effects and worthy acting throughout.  The plot sets John Connor in the year 2018. The machine uprising has begun and only small pockets of human resistance movements exist with the soul purposes of surviving and destroying the machine threat. John Connor has finally entered the position he was fated to enter since before he was born and is now the leader of the human resistance. He has encountered the machines before which gives him and his teams the advantage when knowing what they will be put up against as the human/machine war continues. As the resistance fight continues Connors father, Kyle Reese encounters Marcus Wright who we see at the start of the movie receiving lethal injections on death row just before the war begins. Marcus doesn't know what's happened as he woke up in the post-apocalyptic world with no memory of the machine initial attempt at destroying the human race. Marcus quickly partners up with Kyle Reese and a child we know as Star who are also on a mission to find the resistance leader and join the fight. The mystery eventually unfolds and we find out whether Marcus was sent from the future or is merely a survivor of the past and he becomes pivotal in the fight against the machine threat.  The film itself was very touch and go throughout. Some parts worked where others didn't but the entire piece presented an enjoyable action movie that doesn't go too much into the fight for survival on the psychological end of things but does retain the aura of desperation that the humans feel in their fight. Christian Bale was surprisingly awful in this and I honestly expected more from a man taking the reigns of the legendary John Connor. Bale presented an ultimately one dimensional character and you had to question his motives of taking the role of this infamous movie character. The mysterious Marcus Wright character, played by the brilliant Sam Worthington is a movie saving character from start to finish. His whole performance is brilliant throughout and manages to drive the plot along successfully with very little to work with in terms of original character depth. Kyle Reese played by the brilliant up and comer Anton Yelchin is also a delightful addition to the movie and adds again a bit of depth to the movies plot. Other supporting cast include Moon Bloodgood as Blair Williams and Bryce Dallas Howard as Connor's wife Cate. Also, a cool little cameo piece goes to the delightful Helena Bonham Carter as Dr. Serena Kogan who is a Doctor for Cyberdyne Systems and actually turns out to have a more pivotal role.  The action is brilliant throughout and with the apparent unbeatable nature of the machines this manages to present quite a daunting aspect to the theatre of the battles that ensue. The scale of the machine warfare is quite disappointing as when we first glimpsed the human/machine war in the first movie, we gained a glimpse of what seemed to be a constantly chaotic battle which left us wanting more. This film doesn't use Cameron's image as McG takes away the futuristic lasers and hoards of machines lined up executing human after human and he exchanges it for the odd flying scouting machine, a large harvester robot which merely collects the humans for what seems to be mass slaughter and of course, the T-600 machines which are a less advanced model of the T-800 machine which we all know as the 101 machine or Arnold Schwarzenegger who we all miss from this movie. This is probably what the movie is lacking the most as the absence of Arnie is certainly a drag for the Terminator franchise and I'm sure that if the effort were put into the writing, they could have found a role for the older Arnold in this film.  There's not denying that Terminator Salvation lacks the charm and excitement of its trilogy of predecessors, however, there's a lot that this film brings to the Terminator universe. The possibility of John Connors son, the look at the early models of the Terminator machines and the new machine concepts make it quite enjoyable. Had the acting been a bit better and the supporting cast a higher level of significance, this film could have been on par with the original 3. It's still a good film and a worthwhile waste of just under two hours.
 Like many Terminator fans, I was highly skeptical of this film's genuineness. After all, when films change hands, many times the real flow gets lost in the other director's point of view or a prematurely finished film. "Salvation surprisingly doesn't stray too far from what I would call the genuineness of the storyline. A few spots make you cringe a bit because the lines "come with me if you want to live and "there's no fate by what we make are regurgitated in the film. However even though the first half was hard to get into, by the time the movie is 3/4 done, you are sucked in completely. This is not anything like the other Terminator movies, as it is based in the present, not in the past...and it's more of a sci-fi war film than a story-based sci-fi thriller.  The appearance of the Arnold-looking T-800 towards the end nails it down. The first T-800 appears, and it immediately hones in on John Connor. It is indestructable and incredibly merciless. A wonderful foreshadowing of the human-cyborg terminators.  Details are well-scripted, even to the very detail of John Connor's face getting scarred by the Terminator's nails (compare his scars in Terminator 2 at the beginning, when Commander John Connor is lowering his binoculars). The rescue of young Kyle Reese was wonderful, but the introduction of Kyle made him look like a street rat who steals things and vandalizes. All with his little black kid side kick.  I would have appreciated a little more depth, a way to get to know the characters better so you can really connect. This is obviously missing when compared to the work of Cameron in the first two installments.  Story-wise this film is incredible. Compared to the other Terminator films however I was expecting more. It always seems that it would be the new director's point of view on how it really should be.  I think the new director did a good job on this film. Kudos.
 Much better than I had heard from others. Just goes to prove that you shouldn't let others opinions influence you. This was a very enjoyable movie.
 I was reading some bad reviews about this movie, and I was a bit amazed.  The CGI to me it was pretty good, at least I liked it better than the Terminator 3 CGI...  Some people said it had many plotholes but I really didn't see them, we didn't know much about the story about Kyle and John becoming a leader, etc...  Some of the reviews I read were also complaining for things they either didn't understand or didn't pay enought attention, or simply didn't know some things and just criticized for the sake of it.  One HUGE mistake that I notice constantly that people make, is when they go to see a movie with a preovious expectation...  If you go to see a movie thinking it's going to be awesome (or at least thinking it might be similar to "something") you're probably gonna exit the theater dissapointed... As how it happens if you don't know what to expect of a movie and you end up liking it (sometimes you go see a movie thinking it will suck and when you finish it, you keep thinking the same, but that's just the mistake of going to see that movie with a fixed expectation of failure)  Overall I liked the movie, the acting wasn't anything amazing, but it was enough for this movie, and the story of Marcus I found it to be interesting and well adapted into the idea of the movie.  Finally, I think that people who went to see this movie and didn't like it is because they were expecting another terminator, like the previous ones, or simply was expecting to be dissapointed and got what they hoped for, but still it's a good story, maybe not a huge story, but an important part of the mythology IMO, it added new things to our knowledge, it confirmed others and just played with information we already knew just for the viwer's pleasure...
 loved this movie.  this is one of those that'll stay in my collection.  cant wait for the next one.
 Actually, I've never watched the movie - but my oldest son had it on his wish list for Christmas. The ONLY place I found it (Director's Cut, Digital Copy) was on Amazon.
 I found this movie to be very good, especially since it finally brought the franchise out of the present day and into the future. Bale, Yelchin, and Worthington give excellent performances. The action and special effects are great. The added 3 minutes of footage give some extra cool touches to the film. Many complain that Skynet should have killed Reese immediately, but they forget that it has always been Skynet's goal to kill Connor, not Reese, and it is never stated that Skynet knows that Reese is Connor's father.
 After becoming a blockbuster series in the making with the one-two punch of "The Terminator and "Terminator 2
 To give you an idea where I stand with the Terminator franchise, I give T1 and T2 5 stars and T3 3 stars... This film was gritty like the first with a fresh and new direction. This time dealing with the months and years after "Judgment day John Connor is finding the path that will ultimately lead him to save humanity. It easily out shined the 3rd installment and kept on pace with the first 2. An easy 3.5-4 star review..... I can't wait for Mc G's next story arch...
 Well, the movie was fun and it was great to see Arnold, well kinda, back as the character that started it all. The movie is well worth watching and the picture is awsome. The so called director's cut, leaves alot to be desired. The rating is changed to an "R because of 3 minutes that are lame and could have been more. We see a all to brief view of Williams breast, and, I do mean brief and from the side. This does NOT improve the movie or add anything to the plot. I am happy that this version came with the set, if, I bought this version for the extra scene it would have been a big let down. I hope that a version with more extra scenes is released soon.
 The film is in no danger of ever becoming a classic, but it was much better than I had expected. It had some goofy moments and some really blatant ripoffs of earlier films, but by modern hollyweird standards that`s not half bad. Most are far worse. Unlike most recent sci-fi films that hollyweird has inflicted on the public, this one at least had a plot even if it was a fairly predictable one and a story line that at least mostly made sense. How far entertainment has fallen in the last few years. Here I am praising a film because it`s not nearly as bad as most of the trash put out in the last few years.
 When I heard that Christian Bale was starring in the newest TERMINATOR film, I flipped.  I mean, Bale's portrayal of Batman (or, rather, Bruce Wayne; I have qualms about his Batman voice, but that's another rant) helped rejuvenate the ailing franchise...hell, it brought it back from the grave.  I figured he could do the same for TERMINATOR as well, a series that started strong, became excellent, and then fizzled in the third entry.  Well...SALVATION is much stronger than TERMINATOR 3
 I saw this movie with my son, and it is nothing like the other movies but make a little bit of sense to me but I think it could have been a hell of alot better with fighting sequence and special effets. I understand why sam worthington is a terminator because of my states gov. not being able to film in it but yet they use the cg versiion of him, that was cool. on the other hand I think they should bring worthingtons caracter back for the next movie and give him more of a role as well as other cast members . and find someone other than christan bale.....
 Yet again we see one more movie from the Terminator Franchise. Ever since the first Teaser Trailer for Salvation was launched, I had been excited for this movie. Recently there had been very big speculation with this particular Movie, especially by the Critics World. I was surprised to see this movie getting whacked so much by the critics at [...] I have seen this movie at last and I can say this Movie deserved much more than what it received at Rotten Tomatoes. There is no doubt Terminator 2
 for the movie itself, i give it 5 stars. I loved Terminator Salvation. But overall, the Director's cut was kind of a let down.  the regular version is exactly 115 minutes, Director's Cut is 117 minutes. THe only real added shots in the Director's cut is a surprise terminator attack at the beginning of the film (when Connor leads his men down the water filled tunnel), a bit more Connor speach where he mentions his mom right before "then what is the point in winning and the "nude shot of Moon Bloodgood.  the 2nd disc features 2 Terminator Salvation features. the 1st one is solid, called "Refocusing on the future". This feature runs about 20 minutes and is pretty neat, but way too short. Clerks 2 for exampled had a feature that ran over 1 hour covering everything from pre-production to post production.  the 2nd feature has about 4 short (3-5 minutes each) features that talk about the moto-terminators, the return of Arnold, the use of the Air Force in helping with the film, etc.  Overall, the movie is awesome, but the DVD Director's cut is a let down when you really think about it. They really could have just stuck everything on one DVD instead of 2.  for this reason, 4 stars.
 The movie was good, a few bad lines, but mostly the editing was really off, they shouldn't have cut the time down to under 2 hours and made it a PG-13 flick.  That was a big mistake, that's like making Rambo a G-rated film, it's just not right.  Christian Bale is good as John Connor, he gives an alright performance, but he could have done a little better.  Anton Yelchin (Young Kyle Reese) did a superb job portraying the young hardened soldier who will eventually go back to protect young Sarah Connor, but not in this film.  The movie is good, but due to editing and script changes here and there, caused the movie's poor performance at the box office.  It's still a good film to watch, it gives us a fresh new look at the world post Judgment Day.  It's NO James Cameron film by a long shot, but still decent with good action.  Just don't expect to follow the plot as it has it's ups and downs by the different writers that wrote the screenplay.  Expect a future blu-ray/dvd Terminator Salvation
 [....]  Now, with that out of the way....  This "Rated R cut of the film is truly the best version of it.  I don't agree with the way that some of the additional scenes were dropped in, but it probably serves the film better to not have eloquent wipes and dissolves.  That way, the viewer is dropped into it and it's an enjoyable ride.  McG and Co. really put forth the effort on this film, and contrary to the scathing reviews by the so-called "professionals", it is rather enjoyable.  It sure as hell beats most of the other films that came out around the Summer period!  The action, effects, and storytelling were done very well.  However, there are times when Worthington and Bale's Australian and English accents came out in the dialogue.  I must admit that it distracted me from the experience and reminded me that it was "just a film until the next chase or explosion came along.  The Bonus Features Disc has some great behind the scenes and "how they did it stuff, but was kind of short and felt like there could have been more.  Overall, a good effort and a good starting point for a new series of films.  Terminator films, even with their flaws, take us on a wild ride.  Mission accomplished.  I await the next one!
 Don't get fooled by the digital copy claim that is on for this product. It expired in December 2010. Other than that I am happy with it.
 I agree with previous posts! I am so tired of them trying to shove Blue Ray down everyone's throats by forcing them to purchase BR instead of DVDs because they are not putting extras, or alternate versions, or even second discs with the DVD versions anymore. I don't own a Blue Ray player and I'm not buying one just so I can watch extras (however the extras are half the reason I buy a movie a lot of times). I'll keep buying regular old DVD's if they have the FULL PACKAGE or I won't buy any at all and wait until they release it with all the extras. It's crap.  I'm in the entertainment industry and I want to see the storyboards, the preproduction, the special effects, hear the commentary, etc. Every time a new wave of movies are released there's less and less on the DVD and they're putting it on TWO blue ray discs (which defeats the purpose of blue ray anyway - it's supposed to hold more and they're putting the same mount of content on 2 blue rays as they did on 2 DVDs). They're just trying to get as much money out of people as they can. It's CRAP.  Overall I enjoyed this movie, but am not happy about the DVD vs. Blue Ray release. Might as well stop making DVD's altogether if you want us to buy Blue Ray so badly.
 I'm a huge fan of the Terminator series and I saw this movie on the midnight premier when it was released in theaters! I loved the movie, it's something I was wanting to see for a long time, a movie about the future war against skynet. Christian Bale did a great John Connor and Sam Worthington as Marcus Wright was great too! The movie stayed very true to the previous 3 movies and stuck to the time line way better then T3 did.... When I entered the movie theater, I didn't have any great expectations though, because I'm not a fan of Mc G's previous movies and didn't really think he could pull it off, but he did it. There's been a lot of bad reviews about this movie, but trust me, if you are a true Terminator fan, you are going to love this movie! The action scenes are great, the plot is familiar and also has a little something that feels new and fresh. The actors / actresses did a great job in their rolls and the machines were amazing! I personally think this is the best Terminator movie since T2 and I give the movie 5 stars out of 5, but now to the DVD review.....  The Special edition DVD is good, but honestly could've been better and I'm still kind of trippin cuz Mc G promised us a 30-40 minute longer version a long with a bunch of special features, but instead we got about a 20 minute "making of documentary and a few other extras, not much at all... The Blu-Ray I still haven't seen, but I've heard that there's a few more extras that I wish they would've added. I'm glad I didn't go buy the regular DVD, because the regular DVD just has the PG-13 movie and no extras and that is really screwing fans over IMO. Anyway if you're a REAL Terminator fan, I suggest you add this to your collection, don't mind what the dumb critics say about this movie, because honestly this is one of the best action movies I've seen in a very long time and a great addition to the Terminator franchise. IMO Terminator Salvation is the best Terminator movie since T2
 the blu ray is off the hook and is one of the better ones i've seen. the movie itself is not bad at all. i think people were expecting mcg to pull a james cameron but of course that wont happen because hes not james cameron lol. he still gives you an interesting story with good special affects. this is a lot better than what i was expecting so i give it a solid four.
 This movie is pretty unique in the fact that it has 2 male lead characters. (Christian Bale as John Connor and Sam Worthington as Marcus Wright) and suprisingly, it works. Thy manage to pull it off without eclipsing each other. Performances were good specially Worthington's even thou Bale did a terrific job as well and Anton Yelchin's performance as Kyle Reese was really believable (This guy also played the Russian genius kid in the new Star Trek). Effects were good, story was enjoyable and interesting. They even throw a couple of nods to the previous terminators that were really cool. All in all, not as era-defining as Terminator 2 but a worthy addition to the series nevertheless. (Unlike Rise of the Machines, which I think we can all agree, it's OK to pretend it never happened).
 this is a vevy good movie i have wacth it 3 times now. i love it,it keeps you on you feet.
 Good effecs, pour argument, but the movie is not to bat, in list you pass the time, the actor is good very good a refer to Bale (Batman).
 I am a fan of the Terminator saga. Terminator 2
 This movie was awesome. Great action, characters, and a great story. It never had a dull moment.
 Loved this movie. I was expecting the worst but this terminator movie is runner up to the original only.
 I thought the movie was decent, but I was very impressed on how fast it arrived after I placed my order.
 I guess I really dont get why so many ppl trash this movie, sure it's not perfect (how many are?), but it is a great action movie in my opinion and I was entertained by it. I like many of you am also a fan of the terminator series and yes I know T2 rocked and was the best. Is it b/c Arnold is no longer there, except in the cgi form (which I thought looked really fake and they couldve left out) or perhaps b/c James Cameron didn't direct it? Personally I judge it on its own accord (new actors/new director) rather than comparing it to previous Terminator movies.  I liked Mr. Bale as Connor, he did a pretty good job. I liked the story line w/ Marcus revolting and helping to save Connor and the resistance and Connor risking everything to save his teenage future dad from skynet. The action scenes were really intense and the movie does have a modern/futuristic feel to it which is cool. Although I wish the movie was longer, 1 hr 45 minutes(approx.) just seems too short in my opinion, it would've been better say at 2hrs 15 minutes or so and thus allowed for a bit more depth & character development. I dont like the clean PG-13 rating. I would like it to be more violent, bloody, gory, gritty, etc. staying true to a real war situation. Overall, I'm glad they made this movie, it gives the series new legs, and I look forward to more.
 When I think of the "Terminator film franchise, two things immediately come to mind
 great graphics, good sci fi, our family of 5, 4 of which are male love the terminator movies.
 I barely remember the Terminator movies, so the impact was less harmfull on watching terminator salvation. I was'nt really looking for a continuation of the franchise, i just wanted to be entertained.  And that's what this movie does. I found the movie had great effects, good sound and some great robots. The characters in the film were interesting and the acting was decent.  I find it soo weird to see a digitized Arnold near the end...but a must for the movie. A keeper...good to watch multiple times.
 Terminator Salvation is a good action movie, continues the Terminator saga.  Don't go in expecting it to make a lot of sense though.  Just sit back, watch and enjoy.  And as usual in this series, the Terminator is by far the best character and the one you root for.
 I was hoping for more from this but it was busy paying homage to the prior Terminator catch phrases and not focused enough on plowing its own ground.  On Blu it was amazing to watch at home.  There is a scene at the gas station where a ginormous Terminator thing flattens everything in its path.  At the theater that scene was one of the best of all of the summer blockbusters.  At home it's not as impressive but the sound and picture quality on this disc is stunning.  I watched on a Panasonic plasma, 50", 1080p via HDMI from a Playstation3.
 good movie John Connor (Christian Bale) a little over the top (over dramatic at times), good CGI - loved the bikes.
 I never bothered to see this in the theater because I couldn't really accept a PG-13 rated Terminator.  I understand that that is the money rating, but come on.  I'm actually glad I bought this the R-rated version because I really enjoyed it.  The action was good and really well shot.  Overall it was really a good flick.  It wasn't the epic that I was hoping for, but it is definately a solid 4 star action flick.  ***MILD SPOILER*** I hadn't heard anything specific about this movie so when the T-800 came out looking exactly like an early-mid 80's Arnold I was pleasantly shocked because during the marketing of this they made such a point to say that he wasn't going to be in it when I saw him I got goose bumps.  I realize it was a CG head (or at least face) but that was pretty sweet. *****NO MORE SPOILERS*****  All in all I recommend it for any fans of the first two Terminators.  It's at least worth a rental.  I do hope the extended version that everyone seems to be talking about gets released.  I'd like to see that.
 While this is no T2 (the best in the franchise, in my opinion), Salvation is at least better than T3 which was a ham-fest.  This provides a different view on the Terminator series in the sense that it does take place in 2018.  I went in to this movie with little or no expectations because of the bad reviews and came out pleasantly surprised.  It's a decent film.  I would (and have) watch it more than once.  What this says for my intelligence is questionable (as it seems to be made with someone with a low IQ) but sometimes these mindless-fun popcorn movies end up being the best guilty pleasures.
 Very solid movie, not as good as I thought it would be, but still worth the money. Great visuals, although the sound was average.
 I've been a fan of the Terminator series for as long as there's been a Terminator series and at the conclusion of each of the films there's been a steady theme to my wonderment
 Taking the advice from some people here, I found the 2-disc with a few extras at Target. Apparently Target has the exclusive deal on this. The movie is the "Director's Cut with slight variations to the theatrical version. There is no commentary track here. The Special Features are found  on the second disc along with the digital copy. Personally, the digital copy doesn't do a thing for me. First up is "Reforging The Furture which runs 18
 I just got my copy of the Blu Ray version and it is beautiful. Compared to T3 this is a very good movie, compared to T1 and T2 not so good. The Special Features are good except that many, maybe most, are devoted to showing that McG, the Director, is a genius. He makes the claim that none of the explosions (and there are a ton (but that's in all the Terminator movies) are just for impact that all contribute to the story; not so in my opinion. For example one massive firefight and explosion when the 'Cyborg' or whatever it is escapes is largely pointless. Moon Bloodgood sustains a minor injury, but otherwise, nada.  The so-called 'Director's Cut' is a joke. The only thing in adds is a side view of Moon Bloodgood's breast. McG obviously wants people to think he is the new James Cameron, but he is not. He does do a good job of being much more faithful to the story line than T3 and also sets up more Terminator movies without being too heavy handed. But this is not a classic.  By the way, the 'special features' definitely answer the question of whether it is the 'real' Arnold or a CGI 'Arnold.' But you'll have to see it for yourself, I won't spill the beans.
 It should really have ended with TERMINATOR 2
 I liked this movie a lot, but I enjoy the TV series much more. It is easier to follow the time-travel elements in the TV series over the movie T-4. I thought it was a great way to weave the transcendent mythos of
 You will not recognize the actors, or so little. Even the cameo of Schwarzenegger is computer-generated. The film does not bring much new data. It seems to be mixing time periods, but it does not matter. The machine world has been experimenting a new generation of robots, partly human (brain and heart, etc) and partly machine to infiltrate the resistance. They are capturing human beings now to create that new army of infiltrators. Logical but not revolutionary, my dear Watson, or is it Sherlock Holmes, I was going to say Shakespeare. Then the resistance has been able to devise a signal that can freeze the machines that are always controlled by come kind of wave. Interesting but only experimented at local level.  The new thing though is that the only existing hybrid retains enough humanity to be a machine for the machines, and recognizable as such by them, but with a real loyalty to humans to the point of helping John Connor come into the headquarters of Skynet, the network that controls all the machines, liberate the prisoners there, have a final fight with the impersonation of Schwarzenegger, escape with Kyle Reeves, a key to the future and destroy the place, which is a "given back for a "given gift because the military headquarters of the resistance had been destroyed because they tried to send a general air strike on Skynet in San Francisco, a move which was successfully opposed by John Connor and thus did not happen, but the signal these generals had sent to all units had had the effect of being detected by Skynet who had sent their taskforce to clear the place in one big airstrike.  This episode, that will have to have a sequel since the salvation is not finished yet and has not reached liberation, ends with the hybrid being, Marcus Wright, giving his human heart to John Connor to save him before John Connors dies of his wounds. That human touch, quite in the style of Jesus giving his life to save humanity is going soft on our emotions and that's its main objective. A few tears please. But all together the story has not advanced a lot, except to prepare an eventual next episode that could be at least the first step towards liberation. But frankly the main danger of humanity today is not machines and an eventual take over from them, which would explain the relative flop of this film. It is more the take over the financial tycoons and traders of Wall Street had been able to perform leading the world nearly to the bottom of the abyss, at least to the brink of it.  When I see the anti-machine or anti-technology stand of some in our society particularly among educators, I am amazed. This very week a university professor in education is advising us to take into account as the basis of our reflection the children who only have school at their disposal to acquire school-knowledge. I would like that very acute young man to tell me today what school-knowledge is in the knowledge economy and society, and to point out to me the child (a wolf child I guess, since so far wolves don't have TVs and smart phones) who would have had access to no other source of knowledge than school.  These fake social-climbing-and-politically-minded-though-not-politically-correct-except-with-Trotskyites intellectuals were those who refused to use the radio in class, and then who considered television as the killing challenger of school, and now consider that all communication tools have to be banned from schools and universities, first of all smart phones. Yes there are some in our universities who think smart phones are nothing but a means of cheating.  This ideology is behind the Terminator series, but it is today very pass&eacute;, very pre-historical, if history started with the GUIs (Graphical Users Interfaces). A highly considered communication expert I read in some paper lately considers that the technological revolution of our time started in the early 1990s. What an ignoramus. I would have sworn the Internet was first successfully tested between Stanford and Oakland, California, in the fall 1969, and that the first GUI was invented by Apple for its first McIntosh, and then by Microsoft with Windows 3.1, both at the beginning of the 1980s. Why should we be afraid of machines? The Matrix was a lot more positive on the subject, even if the tale needs a human sacrifice, a Savior of sorts to conquer peace with machines and to rebut for a while the engineering mind behind it all, behind all the Mr. Smiths of this world.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
 I was surprised how much I liked this movie considering all the bad reviews. How can anyone complain about it being too dark or grim? It's post nuclear war, helloooo it's not meant to be a happy, family type of film. Very good sci-fi flick, cant wait for the blu ray in Dec
 After Terminator 3 a lot of people probably figured the series was over. Arnold was gone, Judgment day happened, what else was left? Terminator Salvation takes on the next logical subject, the war of the future. Salvation's apocalyptic showdown is a bit more tame than the one Cameron originally gave us- unstead of a hellish, black warzone roamed by uncountable armies of terminators, Salvation takes the life after people route as human stragglers hide from roving killer robots in the abandoned derelicts of civilization. The film follows a crew of heroes who come together to battle Skynet, culminating in more of the industrial-warhammer-hell you might have expected.  Perhaps one of the biggest stars of Salvation is the special effects work. As much as possible this film uses model work and animatronics SUPPLIMENTED by CG, and it shows. The corny CG of 3 is gone, replaced by believable, gritty mechanized mayhem. This realism cost the film dearly, giving a budget it couldn't really hope to recoup, but it's worth it as an example of what you can do if you don't just rely on computers.  The BD looks and sounds fantastic. Unlike the overproduce T3, Salvation has grain in the night shots, tons of detail, and all sorts of rugged post-apocalyptic dirt on actors faces (except the pristine and, in this version, slightly more nude Moon Bloodgood). The terminators in particular look genuinely awesome, although they don't quite achieve the jerky nightmarish appeal of the stop-motion original. Like T3 this movie ONLY has a pop-up menu. There's a good variety of special features and additional footage- some of the restored content, primarily the expansion of some of Marcus' scenes, is a welcome addition to the film, while other bits, such as the aforementioned almost-nudity, seem poorly edited in.  Overall, this is a worthwhile buy for series fans and hi-def aficionados, although the slow, moody pace and dependance on past material may put off people new to the series. So if you haven't seen any Terminator films and you're looking at this... Buy all 4. They're cheap now.
 ever since i was a kid i have loved the terminator movies.i remember back in the early 80s being upset at the idea of never having a terminator 2.i remember in the early 90s,being estatic when they made a second part.i remember in the early part of the 2000s loving the 3rd part.   but there were 2 things i really wanted.the first was to not have to wait a decade in between parts.the second was to see the actual man vs machine war.a whole movie dedicated to just that and not existing only in flashes and memories.   well,here it is!it only took about 5 years,maybe less and the war is on!i really liked this movie a lot.it is not nearly as good as the first 3,but it is definately a good movie.   i didnt like a few things but they are minor.one was that i kept seein john connor as bruce wayne.a silly quirk i know.2 of the main characters looked a lot alike.it confused me a bit.the only real issue i had with the story was the innefficient death camp.   john connor,the best hope for mankind and terminator hater extrordinaire,makes a deal with a terminator.that rubbed me the wrong way.hes supposed to hate them so much.   i also didnt like that arnold swarzanegger was in the movie.he was ranked as the number one enemy against guns in the u.s. .  now the hypocrite plays in a movie full of guns?ive lost all respect for that guy.   the general consensus is that this movie is a let down.i say it is NOT a let down,only not as good as it predecessers.  one of the female soldiers kisses a  terminator at the end.if machines get her hot,she couldve just stuck her tongue in a toaster.
 Good movie and good details story link with old part. Nice Feature behind the screen in Bluray
 Finally, something to make up for the fiasco of T3.  This was a great film! I almost didn't want to see this movie, but I'm glad I did now, and I wasn't disappointed. Lots of story and action going on here, kept me interested in it from start to finish. Christian Bale has become the go-to actor for franchise films, and this one continues in the tradition of the original, with lots more. And even better, the ending was much better than I would have expected, certainly, with the direction it seemed to be going after it was revealed that one of the heroes of the movie was a Terminator, they worked it out into a satisfying, if poignant, ending. And to top it all off, we even got a little bit of "Arnold in the movie. Brilliant!
 It 2018 and Judgement Day has happen the war between man and machine raged on for years, but on man Marcus Wright doesn't know anything about it, all  he remembers is being put to death for killing two men. Coming to Los Angeles, Marcus meet Kyle Reese and a girl named Star. Across Califoria for told leader of the resistance John Conner is battling the machine and those in command who don't belive that Conner will in the end lead the humans to victory. But Conner's and Wright's path are going to cross with a shocking discovery that may the eend mankind for ever and cost Conner his life. "Terminator Salvation is the lastest installment is a Terminator Saga and as good as the second movie. Christian Bale plays John Conner just right as a man who has a great burden is trying to help others survive, when he couldn't stop Judgement Day from happen. Sam Wentworth is also great a man who trying to make-up for past sins. Bryce Dallas Howard doesn't get much screen time as John's Kate, a role she took over from Claire Danes. Moon Bloodgood plays Blair Williams a fighter pilot who begins to have feelings for Wright even after she learns who and what his is. Director McG doess overall great job with the movie giving a the audience lots of action. The DVD itself could have been better. There are no extra features, we can only hope that they will be  second release of the DVD that will have some extras in the future.
 Really impressed with this version! I hope and look forward to christian bale in the future..the variety of terminators in this is great and as in any sci fi our humanity is highlighted Good and bad.
 Ok. Finally a good movie of 2009. Ironic that the dvd itself is weak. The crappy Transformers sequel and Star Trek movies get great treatment but this excellent movie does not???  Anyway.....  This movie is excellent. Great story of redemption. The character Marcus is a death row inmate then changes and becomes hero to mankind, saving John Connor in the end. He gets his second chance at life. There are many great nods to the other movies. You see how John Connor gets his scar seen in the very first movie. You see the T-800s as they come out of the factories(has the Arnold look), great touch to the 1984 movie. There is lots of action too and many different versions of the enemy, from snake like to King Kong sized to the evil looking T-600s. I reccomend this to any Terminator fan. 4 stars for the actual movie and 1 star for the poor dvd release. This was the best action movie of the 2009 summer. No crude sex jokes or complete insult to the franchise. Just great sci fi action. This won't disappoint.
 After watching this 4th of the Terminator series, it is clear to me that James Cameron was the key reason behind the Terminator series's success. McG, the director of this film, seems to be gifted in action sequences but rather poor in editing.  Everyone knows that very few films will ever measure up to the first two Terminator films. The 2nd Terminator (Judgement Day) still ranks as one of the greatest action movies of all time and the 1st Terminator does not rank too far behind. This is an entertaining film which will unfortunately forever be compared to the first 2 films. This film falls short of the first two.  The best portion of this film are the action sequences. The Mad Max like thrilling action sequences are breathtaking. This Terminator film brings back much of the old school special effects using real stuntman (not CGI) to perform very dangerous yet entertaining stunts.  The film suffers from a noticeably bad editing. The sequences do not flow well in many scenes. For example, the scenary between the Blair Williams and the thugs are shown abruptly right after Marcus Wright and Blair developes a romantic chemistry. The scene which a human prisoner is shot by a T-600 is best described as choppy.  You will notice more than few sequences in which few hours of filming seemed to have been condensed into few seconds.  The storyline is also very choppy as well. It appears Dr. Serena Kogan's role has been changed many times. That's too bad since I think Serena's role could have been a pivtol and a fascinating one. Perhaps Marcus Wright's original role has been altered more than a few times. The storyline is not entirely coherent.  Moon Bloodgood, who plays Blair Williams, was the most convincing actor. Sam Worthington has proven himself to be a bonifide action star. And Christian Bale has done nothing to derail his action star status.  Perhaps the director McG tried too hard to condense this film into under 2 hours. I think the film would have benefited from another 15-25 minutes and a more consistent storyline.  Lastly, I think this Terminator film does not portray the post Judgement Day human suffering well at all. Where are the starving and wretched human existence? Does John Connor's greatness reside primarily in his knowledge of the Skynet and the Terminators?
 I guess this is one of those movies that people either love or hate. I should first off I have hated pretty much every movie McG has ever directed til now. This is his calling IMO and it's a shame people are ripping the movie apart I think more because of the director then anything. Sort of like Paul W.S Anderson who made a great sci fi flick in Event Horizon but like McG gets tons of hate so people piss on that movie as well as a result.  Terminator Salvation is not ground breaking. It's not the greatest action sci fi movie ever made and no it's not as a good as the original or T2 but what it does do is open the series up to a whole new dimension by taking it into the future which is something some of us have been wanting to see for awhile now. It delivers on the action and the story is entertaining.  The reason I gave the comparisons I did was because it fit. During the scenes when Sam Worthington first walks into the bombed out cites it very much reminded me of the game Fallout 3. Now to someone who has not played the game this won't make much sense but to me it makes perfect sense and brought a smile to my face. The T-600 reminded me of Super Mutants from the game. The Transformers aspect is obvious and I love the sound the giant robot Terminators make. Quite horrific and very fitting. The Road Warrior aspect plays a role as well in addition to throwing in obviously some of the feel from the other 3 Terminators.  Story wise I don't want to give away anything as I am not a fan spoilers but the ending was very satisfying and brought a huge smile to my face.  Again this movie is enjoyable delivered what I wanted from it. I really do think the negative reactions to this movie is part hate for McG and part over hyping and wanting something else from the movie instead of taking it for what it was, escape for two hours with a fun filled action ride.  As far as the bluray goes the sound and picture quality are both fantastic and for the current price of $15.99 you really can't go wrong.
 i was never a big fan of the terminator films this one was differnt,i really liked its gritty sets etc. its well worth seeing! check it out!
 Boy, this got hammered by most critics. But I don't know what the problem was - I know it's pretty grim from start of finish, and it doesn't have the humor of the earlier Terminator flicks. But I thought this was really well done, and that both Christian Bale and especially Sam Worthington did a fine job, the story moved along quickly for a 2-hour movie, and there were enough twists and turns to keep me interested throughout. Besides, how can you not love a movie who's leading babe is named Moon Bloodgood (REAL name, not her character!)I think it was unfairly maligned because of the high budget and Bale's on-set rant; but taken as a straight sci-fi action movie, it's pretty darn good!
 This is a really really really good movie and I was very glad to find the director's cut of it.
 My family thought that this DVD was in a very good condition. Enjoyed it very much
 I thought the story behind this movie was a great idea, except for the plot behind the supporting actor but that's not a bad thing per se. My main question with it would be if Skynet could do this with one person why not make more of them? I would rate this one right up there with T2. This movie may break with the time-travel use of the first three movies but I see that as a wise choice. I don't know if there will be another Terminator movie but if it's close to the quality of this one it will be good.
 I've never been a Terminator fan maybe because I'm not an Arnold fan. I like Christian Bale since he played American Psycho. Therefore, I liked this movie. Simple as that. But if you're a huge fan of the series Terminator then indulge in owning a copy of Terminator Salvation.
 "Terminator
 I liked it the shipping was fast the Lossless audio is the best and I am also in sales so I use demo scenes from this movie to sell home audio systems ...must have!!!
 Why do films that come out within 5 years of each other over use the in now hit actor? I would have prefered a no name actor to play John Conner.  The first time watching the movie I almost expected him to say I am Batman and throw a batarang or something. but other than this it is a great flick and follows well with the terminator line.
 This really is a good movie. Good action. Good acting. and above all it's a good-dang Terminator movie I am not looking for Academy Award stuff here. I just want a movie that has explosions and robots. Does the movie have to have a good script? No, the thing that makes the old movies so good is the ridiculous script. I want people to stop whining that this movie sucked because if you compare it to the old films, without letting your biased for the "classics get in your way, then this movie is actually better then the first two. The third one was really just a mistake and I will acknowledge that at least.  So if you want a good action movie with a decent story, and quite convoluted at times if you think about it,then watch this one.  PS think about the title of this review also while you watch.
 Way to many people are trashing this movie for no good reason. This is a fine addition to the Terminator storyline. Set in the future after "Judgment Day it follows John Connor leading the resistance. The movie is well written and well acted (Worthington has serious potential) and throws you the occassional curveball to keep you interested. The action is well done and cgi compliments it! A must see for anyone who is a fan of the franchise. If this is your first exposure to it, you will find yourself looking for the other three movies a.s.a.p.  MY BLU-RAY THOUGHTS
 BACKGROUND Back in the 80s I wasn't a fan of the first Terminator movie and actually I wasn't fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger movies at all. Years later I gave a chance to T2 and I was blown away. I thought that the movie was awesome and that they rescued the story. But then years later T3 came out and I was very disappointed. Now with Terminator Salvation I have mixed feelings. The movie and plot is essentially good and entertaining, but now I'm convinced that T2 was "an anomaly that went strangely great".  PLOT Ok, this is a summer action packed movie, if you are looking for that, you will get it. Explosions, killer robots, lots of action, etc. As long as I remember T3, this is a very different story. On this movie, the world is at war against the machines (kind of the war described in the Matrix trilogy, so if you ever imagined a prequel to Matrix, this could have been the script).  As any other sci-fi movie that needs to show that humans are losing the war, is set in desert locations. This adds certain texture to images and overall aspect of the film. Just to give you an idea of the looks of this movie, the first thing that comes to my mind is Mad Max, the latest is Resident Evil
 Excellent movie.  Not easy to pull off the machines warfare and they did it very well.  I liked the new guy, well cast, and that Asian chick was hot.  Bale needs to remove that nasty wart on his nose.  That also should be the last Terminator.  It ended perfect.  Move along Hollywood!
 The Terminator story line is getting a little long in the tooth.  But, if you bought in from the beginning you have to see this latest edition.  It could be done so much better, but at least we see the story progress...or regress as the case may be.  Any "Terminator fan has to see this one as well.
 I went to see this movie and actually liked it. I think it would have been a little better if they could have had Arnold in it someway beside the little computer generated version of him for a couple of seconds. As far as how McG is releasing this on DVD, I am not happy. Where is the 2 disc special edition for DVD? I don't have a Blu-Ray player, and I don't plan on buying one anytime soon, but I like to get the special editions of movies on the DVD. Every other big movie this year has a 2 disc special edition on DVD, but not Terminator, WHY? I was really looking forward to the extend version that McG had talked about, and in the beginning he did say he was making a special edition for DVD, but not when release time actually came around. I guess I will have to deal with regular movie.
 As a James Cameron, Terminator and Christian Bale fan, I am disappointed with McG's mediocre treatment of Terminator Salvation. While the action sequences are solid and well-delivered, they do not make up for paper-thin character development and flawed story flow. The problem is that, with the exception of Marcus Wright (Sam Worthington), we simply don't care about any of the characters or the fate of the Resistance. McG hasn't given us much to invest in emotionally and they're little more than minigun fodder. Not having much to work with, the normally excellent Bale is wasted here. This is the shallowest John Connor by far in the series, never being more than a gun-toting, one-dimensional "blunt instrument of military force, to quote M from <a href="http
 just wanted to let everyone know that target is selling the directors cut on dvd. i think it's the only place you can get it.
 see it finished a few minutes ago, the action secuences are just great, the argument that connects this with the other three films is superb, the sarah connor picture, the records, Kyle Reese, and of course Arnold, Sam Worthington in deed is worth to watch as the human hybrid-terminator(he rocks here much more than Avatar) , however, hardly a heart transplant can take place in a tent, further that the surgery is performed by a veterinary!!!....mmmm talking nonsense... i give it 4 or 5 stars, nevertheless is a very good movie!
 Gads! All the whining!  "Terminator
 I stopped reading the reviews after a while as I was getting tennis neck.  I remember the same reactions to T3 - the purists hated it and the non-fans didn't get it.  This is a popcorn movie.  Check your brain at the door.  It doesn't make good use of the Terminator franchise for sure but complaining about what could have been is pointless.  If you are a sci-fi or T fan this is a worthy bookend just for the visuals.  If you are not very familiar with the T franchise this movie tries to stand on its own with a little narration.  Ironically this movie doesn't actually advance the Terminator mythology at all since it tries too much to stand by itself.  In all cases I think there is something for everyone as long as you remember
 Not saying anything egative about the film itself, however it makes me mad when the public is duped into thinking that the "theatrical version of the movie is the only cut of the movie that will be released on dvd and if you want the rest of the extras you have to buy it on blu ray. That is false advertising in my humble opinion.
 They have the exclusive right to sell the 2 disc Director's Cut.  Go over to Target and buy it while you can.
 This review has spoilers and assumes most people reading it have seen the movie (it's been out for quite a while), so if that's not you, you should probably skip this!  I approached this movie from the position that Terminator 2 is one of the best movies ever made. So its sequels have a lot to live up to. I did enjoy the third movie, but Terminator Salvation is relievedly grittier, with more action and lots of scary robots. It's the year 2018, and John Connor is 34 and a lieutenant in the Resistance; his father, Kyle Reese, is a teenager somewhere in the wastelands of L.A.; and a man named Marcus Wright appears, having last been seen receiving a lethal injection in 2003. And yes. The external USB drive lives on.  In the first half of the movie I was reminded so much of The Road Warrior (or Mad Max 2) because that movie was so brilliantly, awfully dystopian, just the vast, unforgiving outback splattered with blood, populated by seriously, ridiculously insane people. Marcus Wright, Kyle Reese, and the silent child (who looks very oddly like a young Janet Jackson) are up against the same bleak landscape, only dealing with machines with a singular agenda.  I was also reminded of Robocop, when Marcus realizes he did not die but was instead merged with cybernetics and metal; and even Transformers, because of the height and bulk of some of the Skynet machines.  The action sequences themselves are excellent, and you have to love the POV we're presented with when Connor's helicopter goes down near the beginning of the movie. The machines have always looked frightening, with their red eyes and body-builder necks, and I have to say they got my heart going in several scenes. There are fond homages, as is requisite with sequels, it seems
 I thought Christian Bale and Bryce Dallas Howard had zero chemistry, though.  I felt no intimacy between the two of them.  His radio addresses seemed overly repetitive and empty.  I also thought it was odd how much fully functioning base infrastructure and military hardware still existed after J-Day.  I can suspend disbelief surrounding Connor having to rise up through the ranks to some degree.  And I thought the production values and action were excellent.  The opening sequence is breathtaking.  CGI Arnold worked.  I still think the Sarah Connor Chronicles was vastly deeper and more thoughtful.  Fans who'd like to see more of TSCCs should know there's an effort underway to get direct-to-bluray or feature films done, possibly even the series brought back after Dollhouse and several other shows have been canceled and Glee is waning into cameo ridiculousness, but you will have to be vocal about it.  So post on the net.  Send letters.  Spread the word.  Don't just rely on a few of the actors and production people to push it through, as it's likely to never happen otherwise.
 I am not in a Reviewer's state of mind this morning - I misplaced that particular hat. I'll just keep it short. The special effects exceeded what I expected and loved one particular twist in the film. A lot of gaps were filled. Like the new Star Trek movie taking a different direction due to so many time line changes - you have to keep that in mind as you watch this movie. Future events thrown off track here and there yet with the main dynamics still soundly in place. Its worth purchasing or renting.  See, I told you I misplaced my reviewer's hat. Its really too early in the morning and not enough brain juice (coffee) to get my creative thinking processes going.  OH! And for the record - Christian Bale doesn't wear his cape this time. Darn! 
 The story that are we were waiting for to continue one of the most interesting series of contemporary cinema
 Better than Rise of the Machines but lacking any impact From lead actors . A movie by the numbers relying on CGI and explosions like Star Wars 1 2 & 3.
 It was a great action film! The plot, actors, character development and directing were all fantastic. It's on the edge of your seat dram and I really enjoyed almost every aspect of it. There were only two things I would have done differently. Fist, there was no humor AT ALL in this film witch was unlike the other T movies and I think it really needed it to cut the tension a bit and that is something I liked about the other T movies, especially T2. The second problem I had was with the end. There was a heart transplant that seemed to come out of nowhere and was so dumb and unrealistic. It also took away one of the main characters that I would have liked to see in the next film. I liked Christian Bail as John but I think Sam Worthington would have made a better John (he played the role of Marcus). The two should have swapped roles.
 John Connor Blah - Marcus Wright AWESOME  Didn't like the John Connor character at all.  Nothing special.  But Marcus Wright - the machine/man - he was incredible.  He was the real star of the film.  Like seriously he was.  It felt like it couldn't possibly be any other way than that he was the star.  And he was incredible - just a truly wonderful character.  The movie was ok, but the character of Marcus Wright was one of the best characters ever.  I also like Moon Bloodgood and her character, though they weren't nearly as good as Marcus Wright.
 Our only Salvation is Christ.. however if we were all blown to Hell then John Conner may have to do something.. good action sequence and continuous action... at times maybe more than I would have liked but ... hey if its action you want then this movie delivers..
 I was a bit leery about this entry in The Terminator franchise, but I found this film to both entertaining, but also better than the last installment. I can understand why they wanted to make this film as when the first two were made they either didn't have the money or the FX just weren't up to speed for such a futuristic story. Bale is sort of waste here as this is a sci-fi action film and he really doesn't get to show his chops. That's not to say I don't appreciate an excellent actor to help make the film more convincing. Terminator Salvation is not the best in the series nor the worst, but if you're in the mood for so good sci-fi fun then this might do the trick. I know it did for me!
 I thought this film was a step up from T3's Terminatrix nonsense, but it still went downhill in the final 30 minutes as far as plot points go (thus getting four stars). The entire film relies on the predictions of the nature of time travel. Several very bad military errors were made, even some by Connor himself, that made me want to choke those who wrote the script. This just takes away from any enjoyment of or engrossment in the action and possible emotions of the film. Cameron's vision is ultimately lost where characters have not been developed to their full potential.  As a woman, I see a failed role model in Blair Williams, who, far from what it appears they were going for, is more of a slut than a girl looking for comfort. I'm sure the boobery helped to sell the movie, however.  The corroborating plot points with T2 are extremely overt and annoying. They were not well-thought out, but thrown in to give a sense of continuity.  The parts of Kyle Reese, Sam Worthington, and John Connor are played by excellent actors, and it is their performance that carries this movie along. If not for the bad writing, this film could have been absolutely amazing. For those excellent actors, I still retain that 4 star rating.  Even so, the recordings Linda Hamilton made were obviously rushed and I don't blame her. She was too good for this film.  That said, this film should have been the real T3. I consider it so in my collection. It deserves a place because the predicted War Against the Machines has come. It had to come, and it had to be told, to give any weight to the prophecies of the first two films. Or.. maybe the mystery was better.  As for allegations to the Director's cut not being worth it
 I was never a big fan of the Termintor franchise after the first film. I thought T2 had great special effects (and a knockout performance by Linda Hamilton) and T3 was an amusing send-up but they both lacked the freshness of the original. Thankfully Terminator Salvation takes the series in a completely different direction while still keeping in theme with the first movie.  What really makes T4 a thrill for me is that the actors make the most of their somewhat typical screenplay. Christian Bale is good as usual but Sam Worthington, Moon Bloodgood and Anton Yelchin rise above their flatter dialogue and give us characters you want to root for.  The special effects in this film are also great, but unfortunatly loose alot of their impact on DVD. The transfer tears a bit and like most things on the small screen it's easier to pickout where the green-screen begins and the real actors end (some of the cooler stunts look laughable on DVD).  So like I said, if you liked the movie Terminator Salvation is still a must buy. It you are bothered by an unperfect copy then best to test out the Blu-Ray.
 I won't convolute this review for Terminator Salvation with my opinions about the other films in the series, the Terminator mythology, or what have you; I'll simply say that - even as a stand alone film - Terminator Salvation...  is very good.  Sure, it's driven, to a degree, by special effects and action with choice little bits tossed to long-time fans, but I found it to be an entertaining, well-made film.  And the story is good also.  Foretold leader of the resistance against the machines John Connor (Christian Bale) is NOT the main character; though his role is not insignificant (or poorly acted, in my opinion).  The film focuses more on the newly-introduced character Marcus Wright (as portrayed by Sam Worthington); whose part in the film serves as an interesting standard for comparison against the John Connor that survived Judgement Day and has seen war.  I'd say Terminator Salvation is not about metallic, single-minded killing machines, great action, or obligatory explosions; though it certainly is not lacking in these things.  It's ultimately a story about moral responsibility, strength of character, and - humanity.  These subjects play out from the perspective of Marcus as well as Connor, and neither character comes off as one-dimensional.  Really I'm making more of an attempt to avoid spoiling the film than I am to exaggerate its themes; it is, boiled down to basics, a solid action film fueled by great special effects.  The "Terminator is still a unique and frightening "movie monster, and John Connor is a brave man struggling against seemingly impossible odds.  Add to the mix Marcus Wright, a man with a shameful past and an unexpected second chance, and you have a worthwhile film with characters in which you want to believe and follow throughout the course of the storyline.  Yes, I've been fairly vague, but I encourage anyone that has so much as even considered seeing the film to give it a chance.  And anyone who just plain appreciates well-done action, movie magic, or creepy human-exterminating robots from the future (I know I do) shouldn't pass up Terminator Salvation either.  Now that I've done my best to make a case for this movie, I'll address something else
 I loved this movie when I saw it in the theatre and I loved it again when I got my copy on blu-ray, the action sequence, the special effects, the script, well, I was entertained, call me crazy for all those people who gave this a movie a bad review, the audio and video on blu-ray, I give it 4 out of 5 stars, Sam Worthington, I think that man has a bright future in Hollywood, loved his performance. For the people who will decide to add this movie to their movie library like I did, I hope you will enjoy it as much as I did, I will see it a few more times for sure.
 I really enjoyed this movie, as a Terminator fan I was wating long for the aftermath of the judgement day event..  The movie doesn't actually follows the same timeline as the original date, there's no laser guns and no T-800 walking around in packs.  Nice performance from Chistian Bale and Sam Worthington, great fx and sound.  The director's cut edition really leaves you kind of dissapointed as there's no valuable new material...
 This movie is good. People are complaining it wasn't R rated and Schwarzenegger wasn't in it and so on. I thought it paid more respect to the franchise than the silly part 3. This was well acted and did a good job of showing the results of the needless part 3. The first two terminator movies are the classics in the series and honestly it should've ended after 2. But you know Hollywood. Nevertheless I enjoyed this film and nostalgia won't cloud my view on that. I heard Arnold hated this but liked part 3. Ah no. Much love but 3 was a joke in my opinion. One thing I wish is that Chris Nolan helped do the marketing with this because
 Im a big fan of the Terminator Franchise and so i bought this movie to go along with my collection.When the movie arrived the case was scratchy witch wasent exactly what i was looking for but long as the disk was ok i was ok over all good movie.
 Visually and action wise, okay. This is an obligatory part of the series - the problem is that it showed in the directing and script. I think one key part of the plot revealed itself a little soon and tensions could have run a lot higher throughout. The original is still the best. This kind of movie really demands to be taken seriously, although that is probably a little difficult after they botched the sequel to the first installment with that goofy stoned kid, lazy directing, and half baked cheesy lines. It's a shame since the story is a postulation of things soon to come. (If you scoffed at that last comment, look up the word postulate). It really should have been treated with more reverence. Getting around in this wreckage of a fantasy world is too easy. They could have shown off more of the Jeep's capabilities and the effort needed to make it through some areas. It lacked a journey and was more just snapshots of events. Still decent though if you've at least seen the first one.
 The movie was interesting.  I wish they would have gone into more detail with the lives of both the parents and the children.  Instead they just move from little clip to little clip weaving back and forth between all of the trans families which made it a little difficult to follow.
 The premise of this movie is what captivated me.  The Pope on the loose.  How would or could he cope?  There are too many flaws to rate this too highly (most would think I already have, but I never tire of seeing this movie, especially with someone who hasn't seen it.  Haven't shown it to anyone who didn't like it.  Give it a view.  And by the way, I'm not the only one who'd buy the DVD immediately.
 This is by no means a technically great movie, but I had seen it before and bought it anyway.  It's a sweet story, and Tom Conti does a nice job as a young and compassionate pope, fed up with the bureaucracy of his job, who accidentally gets locked out of the Vatican (in worker's clothes) with no money.
 Tom Conti makes this wonderful story of a young Pope who accidentally gets locked out of the Vatican, and makes use of the situation to mingle among his flock - a small Italian town, where he makes a significant difference.   Heart-warming story.  But, more importantly portrays the human-ness and 'like the rest of us' nature of the Pope.
 This film follows a meandering path of a few dudes attempting to get "stoked while riding waves on various continents. It combines surfing, humor, nature, beauty, and cool. You might even get stoked while watching it & take a trip down the beach. The film rarely takes itself seriously and instead, gives a light side of surfing entertainment. It's my favorite surf film (I have about a dozen).  Rent or buy this film for the content, not the quality. If the quality was there it would rate as 5+ stars.  Please note; don't waste your time or money on another film called "The Endless Summer Revisited". It's a discredit to have "Revisited associated with this film.
 Endless Summer II joins its predecessor in the "Classic Surf movie genre. It's not quite as good as the original or I'd have given it 5 stars.
 This is a good movie.  I first watched it on HBO about five years ago.  It made me want to surf.  If you don't surf, you'll want to learn how after watching this.  I was disheartened to find out that a lot of the experiences in the movie were scripted... I don't want to ruin the movie for anyone so I'll stop there.
 This is THE classic alien abduction movie. I remember while in High School a friend who actually believes in flying saucers dragged us all to see this in the theater. I was scared out of my pants the first half of the movie as Walken freaks out and keeps seeing aliens peeking around his bedroom door. Then latter we get to actually see the aliens, (rubber muppets on strings) and we get THE famous "anal probe scene that was spoofed in the pilot of South Park. Anyone who loves a good horror flick, alien abductions, or creepy preformances by Christopher Walken....This movie has all three. A highly recommended 80's B movie.
 ...watching Walken & Crouse is worth the price of the disc alone  honorable mention to the kid and the 'lil blu guys  "....you know how these things go...but all I can say is that Im glad this is not my bedroom.... so anyway, try to have a good night....OK?  Interestingly I have a 2004 105 min version PAL from Germany [Die Besucher]-is cut differently and because of PAL 5% speedup that would mean the film would be about 110 min in NTSC land
 Nothing to do 100 cartwheels over, but a reasonably enjoyable film.  Lindsay Crouse plays such strong-willed career women, and it was interesting to see her as an everyday housewife.
 As most film adaptations of great novels go, this could have been better. There were a few pieces missing that I felt were very important in the book. This movie was more about the effect on the family and just what happened to Whitely.  I will say though that Christopher Walken was a great choice. His reactions to the "visitors are just classic.
 Somehow, this is much more entertaining than it should be. It's one of those films that's dumb but totally watchable. One thing that none of the other reviews has mentioned is the decent score by Elmer Bernstein which adds a lot to the film. The main theme is suitably rousing, a la The Magnificent Seven, but he also has some whistful pipe/flute cues that complement the thematic elements of being on a strange outlying world where civilization has broken down, adding a tinge of sadness to the proceedings. As McNab, Ironside is great as always, and there's just enough invention to offset the obvious genre influences, which, as other people have noted, are actually more on the Mad Max than the Star Wars side of things.
 Where do I begin here?  Molly Ringwald plays an urchin of a girl on a planet that is run by an overlord using young women as sex objects even though he himself is part machine.  Sound strange?  Well, it is. Oddly enough, the film is very watchable too largely due to the actors.  Peter Strauss is very handsome here and has a slight Han Solo act going.  He meets up with Molly Ringwald and their relationship is hard to decipher at times.  It seems they always end up sleeping together in silver quilted sleeping bags, her arm draped across him even though he could be her father. Is their relationship romantic or platonic?  Hard to tell here. The special effects are very well done and the scenery beautiful!  There is just enough action and just high enough production and just strange enough situations to keep one interested even though there isn't anything too, too deep here. People searching for a new Star Wars will be disapointed but those who want something sort of offbeat in space will probably like this.
 Originally released as an 80's "3-D film which is why the opening title is so hard to read on conventional TV with all the whizzy meteors flying out, Spacehunter is nonetheless a well made film that does "take you out of your living room".  For me, the vehicle designs and the rocky Utah scenary are the best aspects of the film. The production design is brilliant and the acting convincing. The buggies are fantastic!  Well worth buying but perhaps more for diehard sci-fi fans. The film is not really suitable for younger viewers even though its marketed at a "Star Wars audience and has much of that film's character and hardware style.  Michael Ironside plays a great villian, a pity we don't get a little more of his charcater's background and how he evolved into a villian.
 This is a good old fashioned adventure, with some comedy and good natured suspense. We remember it from when it was released, but my 8 year old grandaughter loved it - she watched it twice! We are a little disappointed in the quality of the DVD; it does seem quite grainy and not much better picture that the VHS.
 Released in 1983 it is indeed in the same arena as Mad Max2, Beyond Thunderdome, Judge Dredd, and Waterworld. All of these entail surviving in destroyed worlds where death, greed, power, and violent domination are the norm.  It is a "B grade movie, no doubt. That is reflected in its choices for casting, loose connections between some scenes, and healthy dose of "hokiness". But being a "B grade movie doesn't make it bad. Actually, I find it an easy movie to sit back and enjoy. The scenery and sets do a lot for this movie. The apocalyptic flavor will entice any who are into this type of sci-fi. The sets and props, albiet low budget, were visually well crafted and did a lot to make this film. The actors aren't box office giants, although Molly later goes on to do well there. Even so, they have what this film really needed to pull off the reality of the characters, that is they were not so full of themselves to feel this movie was beneath them. They were their characters and played them true. Well..., maybe not the three actresses who were stranded and kidnapped in the beginning.  There are many "B grade movies that have strong followings despite the label "B". I am not sure if this film has any sort of cult following, but it wouldn't surprise me. For me it is a nice movie to get immersed in for a couple of hours with friends or family and not worry about foul language, soft or hard porn, or explicit violence depicted with copius blood and gore. My wife and I saw it at the drive-in in 1983 and I later shared it with our children on VHS. I was pleased to find it on DVD, especially since it has long disappeared from most movie rental shelves.  I never share an opinion about movies but as a former FXer from the early 90's, I felt justified having worked for Doug Trumbull and Andy Vanja, and with Joel Hynek, John Gaeta, Kelly Kerby, Diana Walczak, Frank Gallego and many more good people.
 So much cheese and corn you get cheesy popcorn! This movie is a classic though, it makes you laugh the whole way through. What were they thinking when they made this? "It will be the next blocbuster movie since star wars!"Funny stuff worth owning it!
 I'm not going to bore you with a lot of talk about actors or anything of that nature, because I would probably fail at it.  What I will say is, among B-movies, this one is a winner.  You have cool characters for the most part, cool vehicles being used.. plenty of battles scenes (although the effects are a bit weak sometimes). Decent acting from the characters.  And one scene in particular stands out, as just being comical/natural. Our lead man, gets tired of our stinky companion and shoves her into a large mud hole and scrubs her. I cracked up.  Over all its a really good movie.
 Ah... the joys of pulp-science fiction. To experience the kind of stories more often found in old comic books come on the big screen can be confusing to some, but not this comic book fan. Spacehunter, along with movies like Star Wars and Flash Gordon, uses a tried and true model reminiscent of the classic Saturday morning serials. In spite of it's B-rated budget and content Spacehunter still comes out a winner.  You can see the main influences come from the post apocalyptic genre of movies like The Road Warrior, but the space opera genre is still strong with dastardly villians, brave heroes, damsels in distress, and all that. Add a sprinkle of adventure and you pretty much get the recipe of Spacehunter.  In a single word, Spacehunter is fun. The content is light and not thought provoking, but at the same time not overly simplified. You will catch some lame terminologies like 'mega space credits' and some of the spaceships look like they were made from styrofoam, but at least those shortcomings are few. Special effects work well enough and compliment the story instead of detracting from it. The props and technology range from "what? to "cool". Gun props aren't overdone with odd accessories and the attachments they do use work well with the pace of the movie. I particularly enjoyed that mini missile launcher. Vehicles are kinda neat, and most of them are smart designs. Gotta love Wolfe's Scrambler.  The acting from the main characters is what sets this B-movie apart from most. Every one of them gave subtle and believable performances that were a very pleasant difference from most B-list science fictions. Molly Ringwald does a great job in her big screen debut as the lovable yet bratty Nikki. Peter Strauss does the standard Saturday matinee hero with style, and the hero/sidekick chemistry between Strauss and Ringwald was a treat to behold. Like I said, pretty much the entire main cast of characters made the movie as good as it is.  The DVD itself pretty much gives you the movie and that's about it. No special features or dynamic dolby audio. Just the movie and some scene selections. So keep that in mind when deciding to drop some coin on owning a copy.  I recommend Spacehunter for anybody who wants a good popcorn sci-fi flick that's not too violent or vulgar, but still wrought with low budget entertainment. Keep in mind it was made as a 3-D movie so some takes were made to fly off the screen, but of course won't. This movie is not meant to be taken seriously. If you're the type of person who can love a movie that's light on serious sci-fi content but chunky on the fun give Spacehunter a shot.
 ok,so this isn't the best sci-fi movie ever but it really is fun,if you can get into it. this adventure looks like a cross between "road warrior and "alien as it tells the story of a bounty hunter wolfe(peter strauss,tring hard but just not han solo) landing on a planet ravaged by plage to rescue three ladies who crashed there and are being held hostage by the strangest villian ever overdog(michael ironside(looking like a borg and being a grade a ham)! young molly ringwald is on hand as is ernie hudson to help strauss get the girls back.slow in places and some really strange encounters with the planets other citizens make it a mixed bag,but as i said if you can get into the spirit of fun you may find that you like this one also! give it a try!
 The movie is kind of fun. Not bad for a 'B' movie and not as bad as 'Men In Black' This one I would at least watch again without trying to chew my arm off. (yep you guessed it , I cant say the same for 'MIB')
 This is agreat sci-fi movie, anyone who likes the movies more into the "Mad Max scenerio will love this.  Given the year it was made the special effects are not bad, the plot is simple, lots of action, heroics and almost cheesy hero music.  You can't expect a sci-fi flick to be a masterpiece of cinema world, its for entertaiment.  You have 3 maidents with huge 80's hair do's who need rescuing.  We have a lone star hero is in debt and will rescue the maidents for the reward.  Some interfernace from the maniacal evil scientist turned life sucking cyborg.  AND the cuttest chick Molly Ringwald!  Her character actually develops through the movie from an screaming brat to something more serious ( could show more skin though).  This movie has the perfect post apocaliptic feel, with kinda William Gibson theme.  You have trains with viking sails, lasers, steam powered plows, spaceships that burry underground, mutants, zombie like creatures, cyborgs, amazons and lots of action.  The movie kept me plastered to the screen for the whole movie and I will watch it again and again.  A definate must see/have for anyone who likes science fiction movies.
 this movie is a surprisingly delightful comedy.  any movie that makes you laugh is great
 Julia Roberts stars as the Commitment Phobic who finds that her best friend (Dermott Mulroney) is getting married. They had a pact that if neither of them had a partner they would marry each other. Julia is shocked to hear he is getting married and she is to be the "Best Man"! She tries all means of underhandedness (if there is such a word) to derail the relationship. Cameron Diaz is the completely unsuitable (according to Julia) bride to be. She is everything Julia is not, ready to give up her career and all she loves for her man. The addition of the gay other best friend(Rupert Everett) and sluttish members of the brides family make for great comedy. A light hearted easy to watch movie.
 Jules Potter is in love with her bdest friend Micheal, but he is about to marry someone else.  Jules will do anything to mess up his big day.  This movie is loads of fun and laughs.  When they break out into song in one scene, you can't help but sing along.  I love this movie and watch it often.  It's one of my favorites with Roberts next to Pretty Woman.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I related to Juliann most of the way. In fact, I guessed most of what she did, some she didn't. It was an eye opener. Sometimes we don't realize what we have in our backyard until it's too late. Very funny, fast paced, not to mention, some very good looking people. The  singing  table scene was a bit far fetched, however, very humourous indeed. Be careful with who you watch this with. When I watched it with an  ex boyfriend, he was surprised I had such a devious mind. Sit back, relax and enjoy some great laughs. Oh, some might want to have a kleenex close by, just in case.
 The only thing I really didn't like about this movie (and it's only a trivial detail) was the opening credits with this girl group in bridal outfits singing that old 50's song (which I can't recall the name of right  now).  Maybe it's just me, but I found it annoying.  Others may find it  amusing.  Anyway, the movie itself is great.  Julia Roberts finds out her  best friend is getting married, but wants to break it up.  That's the basic  premise.  The laughs come fast and furious when she takes off to break up  the marriage.  She ends up becoming friends with the bride (Cameron Diaz)  and turning everyone's life upside down.  It's a great Julia Roberts movie.  But, let's not forget Rupert Holmes who did such a wonderful job as  Roberts' gay friend, who comes to save the day with a flamboyant charm  (including a hilarious group sing-along of Dionne Warwick's  I Say A  Little Prayer For You ).  And, don't miss the scene where a member of  the wedding party gets her tongue stuck to an ice sculpture of Nude David  (guess where).  The only flaw I can see in the film (and it's a big one) is  the character of Michael, the friend getting married. (For the life of me,  I can't remember the actor's name.) His whole character, and perhaps it's  in the talent of the actor, is weak, uninteresting, and lacking any depth  at all, not to mention that distracting scar on his face.  His lack of  depth might go unnoticed except that he's one of the main characters.  Fortunately, Roberts and Holmes pick up the slack and make it a wonderfully  funny film.
 If you have ever fallen in love this movie is for you.  It shows the ups and downs of what can happen if you get in the way of a wedding.  It shows how horrible we can get when we have our mind on one thing and try to kill  everything in our path.  It is a really good movie.  Julia Roberts is  really good.  The music they pick for it was good it went with what was  going on.  Every piece of film was needed in order to tell the story.  It  will make you think about who to make your best friend.
 First off, Julia Roberts to me is an actress who has become more beautiful with age even to this day. Having said that, I was anxious to see this movie because of her and Cameron Diaz. I have seen My Best Friend's Wedding three times and I must admit that I have viewed it differently each time I've seen it. What I mean by this is that I have never really been able to decide which woman the groom should end up with; his bride-to-be or his best friend. Granted, Julia does every rotten thing she can in this film to break up her best friend's wedding so from that viewpoint I favored him ending up with Cameron. On the other hand as one reviewer put it, Julia and her best friend had more chemistry than the groom and his bride-to-be so from that viewpoint I also favored him ending up with Julia. During the film, there are times when I rooted for Julia to get her man despite her despicable efforts to win him over yet other times I wanted Cameron to end up with the groom. This movie still entertains me even after knowing the outcome. Aside from the simple plot of breaking up the wedding, this film has good humor, good acting, a decent soundtrack, and is overall a believable chick flick for the most part. Even guys like myself should find it to be entertaining as I am normally picky when it comes to chick flicks. The special edition dvd is worth picking up if you haven't seen the features. One of the featurettes shows the original alternative ending which is much different from how the film originally ended. Which of the two endings are better? Only the viewer can decide. As for me, I'm not telling. Anyway, the bonus features are overall good and plentiful. The only problem is that the camera focus on one of the featurettes is somewhat off and distorts the picture a bit. Nothing too serious but very noticable. I suppose a sequel to this movie would have been interesting but then who knows how well it would turn out?
 I love this movie. I am a helpless romantic and this movie is funny and just that, a romatic comedy. I watch it over and over.Julia  and Cameron fit together!!!!!
 Julia Roberts may not have been able to steal the heart of the groom, but she sure did steal the audiences' hearts. This romantic comedy is funny and touching. Not just Roberts, but the entire cast is surely working at their  best during this film. I love this movie, and I never get tired of watching  it over and over. If you are a fan of movies like Runaway Bride, Ghost,  etc., then make sure that you at least rent this movie for yourself.
 Alternative Review Title
 I enjoy Julia Roberts films - such as <a href="http
 Sharp-witted and genuinely engaging, `My Best Friend's Wedding' is a surefire hit for anyone interested in a crowd pleasing romantic comedy.  It has a few missteps, that's a give in, but the charming performances and blissful ending (not one you might expect) make up for the few errors in judgment.  The film tells the story of Julianne Potter, a successful woman approaching thirty who is afraid of falling in love.  Truth be told, she is in love, with Michael O'Neal, her best friend of over nine years.  The two had once been together but quickly fell apart only to realize that they were too close to be lovers.  When Michael calls to inform Julianne he is engaged she is suddenly thrown into panic mode as she realizes that she needs to be with Michael.  She flies off for the wedding with one plan in mind; to break up the happy couple.  She never expected Kim, Michael's fianc&eacute;e, to be as sweet and perfect as she was, but her perfection was only more fuel to the fire.  Julianne does everything in her power to ruin the relationship between Michael and Kim, but everything she does only seems to bring them closer together.  Her closest friend George comes to her aid, but even his help makes little impact.  It isn't until Julianne goes too far that she realizes if she truly loves this man, she just may need to let him go.  The performances are all top notch, especially from Roberts, Diaz and Everett.  Julia is always a delight, and her catty humor here is brilliantly sarcastic and genuine to say the least.  The one fault I found with this film (aside from the corny opening sequences) is that the character of Julianne is almost so evil you forget that you are supposed to like her.  Julia does her best to make this character relatable and likable, but the script doesn't help her out too much and we wind up hating her in parts.  Sure, she turns around in the end and earns our love, but getting there can be rough.  Diaz and Everett have our unwavering love and devotion throughout the entire film though, each of them delivering spunky, funny and honest performances.  Diaz is a comedic gem who devours her `ditzy girl' character with warmth and Everett takes his `sidekick' character to another level with scene stealing wit and comedic timing (the whole `singing in the restaurant' and the last dance scene are prime examples of his brilliance).  I'm really not a fan of Mulroney.  He's serviceable, but that's about it.  He was really the other misstep.  I just didn't find him interesting enough to be the object of these two women's affections.  Both women, in their own ways, are real catches.  Julianne is confident and successful and devoted, and Kim is beautiful and spontaneous and vibrant.  Michael was kind of a dud.  It's a good thing the film is less interested in him and more interested in the other characters.  I will say, I really enjoyed this movie.  Sure, I hated Julianne in parts, but maybe that was the point (I don't think it was, but the minor misstep is forgivable in the end).  The script is really funny, and that makes up for a lot ("I could be jello").  I recommend this movie to any fan of the genre or the star, for Roberts is at the top of her game.
 I never saw the this when it was released years ago basically b/c it seemed like a chick flick that wouldn't interest me.  It was on television recently and I caught the latter half of it (I now ordered the DVD b/c I want to see it all).  Normally I wouldn't write a review until seeing the whole movie but I was truly blown away by some of the scenes, the clever writing and some of the performances.  There's a scene on a boat with Julia Roberts that was right out of a Hollywood romance classic.  I don't want to spoil it nor build it up too much... but just after watching the scene I was like... wow, that was ...beautiful.  IMHO it was an example of movie making at it's best.  So then I was hooked -and kept watching to find it's a great flick that I should have allowed myself to see years ago.  Julia Roberts is a modern day Katherine Hepburn in this movie, she acts so incredibly well... balancing subtle expressions and comical ones perfectly to each scene.  She's a gem.  The film isn't for everyone, but if you like clever romantic comedies "My Best Friends Wedding should not be missed.
 In my opinion, it isn't the character played by Dermot Mulroney who is the best friend of Julia Roberts' character. It is Rupert Everett, her gay friend. It is Rupert who flys out to support her in her travail over  Mulroney's upcoming marriage, giving her his time, his care and his  affection. What an amazing person! I love Julia Roberts and go to any movie  she makes, but the character she plays in this movie is immature and not  very sympathetic. However, it is the very immaturity of her character that  leads to all the conflict, so I can't complain too much! Overall, the movie  has some extremely funny moments.
 Julia Roberts is the meddling woman who had her chance with the hero and wasted it, and now that he is about to be married, tries to snatch him from his wife-to-be. The meddling is both pathetic and reprehensible, and I am glad that the meddler ends up doing the right thing and the story ends as it should. Not heart-warming but enjoyable, with fantastically good looking male and female leads.
 This movie is about love, a universal subject. Unfortunately, Julia's character tries to separate a happy couple and this is wrong. I recognize Cameron's character's fiance from Angels in the Outfield. He was Joseph Gordon-Levitt's father. He is so beautiful! I also love Rupert Everett. I've seen a few of his films, and I thought they were terrific. I love that Julia's character is Dermot's (I hope I spelt it well) character's best friend, but it isn't her place to try to divide him and his fiance. It's really all about that Abba song
 This is a fun movie and will hold the attention of most female viewers; my wife thoroughly enjoyed the movie and watched it to the very end.  Julia Roberts as Julianne Potter is a touching character who has a real problem making up her mind as to what kind of a friend she wants her best friend to be. Her best friend, Michael O'Neal, played by Dermot Mulroney just happens to be a guy she's known for many years. Things go along OK until he announces his intentions of getting married; that announcement triggers a strong reaction that serves as the basis for the movie.  Although the movie is a bit dated, it's still funny and engaging to watch. It may be good to watch it once just to see what you think about it before buying. On the other hand why not just roll the dice, pay your $7.36 and get a new copy of your very own? If you have any women in the household you should be on safe ground.
 If you're a fan of romantic comedies, this one should definitely make your list.  Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz are both charming.  There isn't much soppy romance, just a lot of amusing scenes, mostly featuring Roberts behaving somewhat outlandishly.  The movie doesn't drag on, and just generally fun.  Recommended.  Roberts flies to Chicago to try and stop an ex from marrying Cameron Diaz.  It's obviously a poor plan, but it's funny to watch.  If you don't like romantic comedies, obviously, skip it!
 Visually masterful underground cinema. The bleak, but beautiful setting of the frozen lake is warped by a minimalistic luciferian score. The pacing is hypnotic, at times slow, but meditative.  I enjoyed the plot, which was a tongue-in-cheek combination of fishing, family drama, and horror. It was a weird mix of exactly what you'd expect and complete ridiculousness. It could use some more tits and more gore, but maybe that will happen in part 2.  The acting is b-movie camp outside of Michael Rooker and Amy Chang. You've got to listen closely to grab some of the bizarre stuff the characters say with straight faces.  It seems that swimming below the traditional genre flourishes there is a subversive social message. I definitely didn't watch it for the relevant message, but instead enjoyed it for the eerie tension and creepiness.  This is my favorite McKenney film with Automatons trailing close behind it.
 Written in India roughly 2,000 years ago, the Mahabharata is one of the world's great religious texts. It also may be the most outlandish soap opera ever, replete with gods siring mortals, polygamy, compulsive gambling, unrequited love, and a family feud on an awesome scale.  At its heart, the epic poem of 100,000 verses tells the tale of two warring sets of royal cousins, the Pandavas and the Kauravas, who each seek to rule the kingdom. Around that rivalry is woven a wealth of philosophy, myth and history -- a virual encyclopedia of ancient Indian culture. Just one small part of the Mahabharata is the Bhagavad Gita, the book that Hare Krishnas used to try to sell in airports around the world; it is a long discussion between the wise god Krishna and the soul-searching archer Arjuna (a Pandava), as the latter reluctantly prepares to enter into battle with his cousins.  This six-hour adaptation of the Mahabharata has been crafted by two great film talents
 I rate this a 4 only because I haven't seen the DVD yet, but a friend once loaned me the VHS version. I think I watched it three times over the course of a couple months. In one case, I watched all 6 hours straight through (minus bathroom breaks of course). Another reviewer used the phrase  life changing , and I agree completely. I have continued to draw inspiration from this film for 5 years. With the DVD, maybe I can go for another 50. PS
 I have watched this in PBS several years ago and have watched it repeatedly. From one context this seems "juvenile and with a novice international cast. From another context it is a good short rendering of Mahabharata (mainly) for the western viewers who have not heard/read/wathced the epic hundreds of times in various ways (from grandmothers/grandfathers/Indian TV/Movies). I enjoyed watching this Peter Brook's version and the International cast and I some how liked the Duryodhana and Karna's character as they were more bubbly and the acting seemed more proficient. I just want to mention the typical Indian rendition of mythical stories in "Amar Chitra Katha cartoon books where essence of lot of Indian Mythical stories are published in much shorter versions and I used to read them in my childhood. I would like to compare Peter Brooke's version to Amar Chitra Khatha equivalent (roughly!). I would recommend this Video to any one who wants to get introduced to this epic in a "lite hearted manner.
 It's nice to see NBA Entertainment coming up with a DVD like this that focused on the unsung heroes of the NBA. Noteworthy are the little big men like Spud Webb and Mugsy Bogues, and other "6th man overachievers in the person of Mario Elie, John Starks and Darrel Armstrong. They are the TRUE UNDERDOGS. Would have loved to see Robert "Big Shot Bob Horry or Ben Wallace, an undersized and undrafted center that has become one of the NBA's fiercest defenders and perrenial all-star. Also included in the disc are the greatest upsets, namely Denver's demolition of 1st seed Shawn Kemp-led Seattle in the early 90s and New York's climb to the NBA finals depsite being an 8th seed and injury plagued. Must see for every sports fan.
 I expected the unexpected and got just that... NBA Video explores the greatest upsets and overachievers in NBA history.  From the legendary championship run of the 1977 Portland Trail Blazers to the heroic tales of  Scottie Pippen and Kevin Garnett, NBA Upsets &amp; Underdogs recounts the  NBA's most inspirational stories.  Even with the odds stacked against them,  these featured teams and players, including host Bill Walton, have managed  to steal the headlines with their epic performances.  I was truly  inspired...
 I am the mother of a six year old girl and she loves Barbie.  When this movie came out I was skeptical.  The movie is deffinitely aimed at an older audience than the previous Barbie movies.  I got it, and sat down with my daughter because I had a feeling it was not going to be what she expected.  Of course some questions came up as a result of the storyline, and I answered them in a way she could understand.  (why are they so skinny? was one of them, also why do they have boyfriends?)  The truth is that she ended up getting bored and walking off to play.  That being said, I enjoyed the movie as a mature adult.  It reminded me of the brat pack type 80s movies like Pretty in Pink and Sixteen Candles.  It was fun for me to watch.  I think that older girls will relate to this Barbie movie more than any of the other Barbie movies released so far.  The Barbie Diaries has a sweet story, not very original but deffinitely entertaining for an older audience.  The animation is not great but it does have a style all its own (very different from the Barbie princess movies).  The DVD has some extras but for the most part nothing that is very impressive.  There is one outstanding feature of this movie that must be pointed out and that is the soundtrack.  Even my daughter loved it.  In fact she asked to watch the Skye Sweetnam video over and over, "playing along with her guitar and pretending to be a rock star.  The sountrack is catchy and is really good if you like girl pop-rock music.  I would love to get these songs on a CD.  This is a soundtrack I would deffinitely buy.  It's a real shame that so far the soundtrack is not available for purchase.  All in all, I would say that for older girls this movie will probably be fun to own.  For grown-ups who enjoyed the high-school crush movies of the 1980s this movie will also be enjoyable.  If you are looking for something a little girl will like, you will probably be better off with one of the other Barbie movies, or you should wait for the next one this fall
 The movie is not your normal animation... but it's cute and does have a good moral story line.  Barbie has a band and my 5 year old daugther loves the open 'number'.  Good buy for anyone that likes Barbie.
 They love all the Barbie movies. This one is no exception. My older two like it more then the younger 3. They like the farie ones and princess ones better. I think the older 2 can relate more to this one. I love that they keep these movies so clean and there is always a lesson to be learned and the characters have good values.
 I got this for my 7 year old daughter. She thinks boys have cooties at this age. Especially her brothers.  I did take away one star for the "girl hug comment because I thought it probably went a little too far in a movie that is geared towards a younger crowd. It was okay, though, because it went WAY over her head.  However, hormones weren't the only message. What I liked was the message that the popular kids were only popular because they said nasty things about each other. I liked that Barbie learned that the hunky guy on the rebound wasn't the boy who made her feel the best deep down in her heart. I liked that Barbie wrote down her wishes and made them come true.  I got this movie yesterday afternoon. My daughter has already watched this movie three times. She dug through her stuff to find her charm bracelet and has been scribbling in a notebook all day long.
 I watched the whole series, not just this box set. I am including this as there is not much commentary in north america about this series.  This was a pretty good series. Only drawback is that animation is quite mediocre ie if used to ghost in the shell/mamoru oshi stuff, then it looks very cheap. Cheap in that there is not much contrast in color scheme & palette is bluish.  HOwever, if you liked MIDNIGHT RUN w/ De Niro which action sequences were very clever, not predictable & situations were funny. THen YOu would love this series.  Not as pretentious as NOIR. Very Fun.  Please note that amazon review that this show is very fan service is wrong. Only fan service really in opening credit & beginning episodes. NOT like Aika or Najica level.
 I thouroughly enjoyed this 2 disc feature. Robert Duvall just keeps getting better and better at this type of role he plays. I could still see glimpse's of old Gus McCrae in him. I particularly noted the diabolical scheme of infection ridden blankets being issued out to the American Indians. I'm glad this movie has brought the attention of the poor suffering Asian's to light also.
 If there are any actors today that can fit into chaffs and cowboy boots, they would be Clint Eastwood & Robert Duvall.  Duvall has stated in an interview that of all the roles he has played as a character actor, none fit him better than that of a cowboy.  This film is in a sense a continuation of his roles from "Lonesome Dove to "Open Range in which he plays a seasoned cowboy who has to fight the bitter elements, human and natural, in order to get the job done. Duvall is ably supported here by Thomas Haden Church who in a break from his comedic roles, is excellent as his long estranged nephew who joins him on the cattle drive.  With excellent direction from long time vet Walter Hill and some fine support from Greta Scacchi as a former prostitute with a yen for Duvall, and James Russo & Chris Mulkey as the villains--"Broken Trail is a trip you don't want to end despite its length (I saw a pre-screening of it before its showing on AMC with Hill in attendance and was impressed).
 Broken Trail
 I wonder how much more we would be impressed by "Broken Trail if it were not for "Lonesome Dove.  I was surprised to realize it had been 18 years since Robert Duvall played Gus McCrae, in what I think is still the finest acting portrayal of his distinguished career.  But we are talking about one of the great westerns of all time and an epic television mini-series, which I usually watch again each year.  So the parallels between "Lonesome Dove and this 2006 two-part television movie (I maintain you need at least three parts to be a true mini-series) became a big distracting because they keep intruding on what is happening here.  Obviously the fact that Duvall is in both stands out, but we also have a narrative defined by a trail drive, bad guys along the way, and a hooker with the heart of gold, along against the spectacular landscape of fading days of the Old West.  When I was thinking how much Greta Scacchi looked like Diane Lane,  Prentice Ritter (Duval), shows up to tell his estranged nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Hayden Church) that his mother has died and left everything to her brother instead of her son.  Prentice proposes taking several hundred horses from Oregon to Wyoming in the year 1897.  But on the trail they come across Captain Billy Fender (James Russo), a lowlife who is transporting five young Chinese girls to a brothel in a mining town.  Well, that is just wrong, and Captain Billy makes it easy for Ritter and Harte to kill him and take the girls with them on their journey.  Ritter gives the girls numbers rather than names, but they are Sun Fu (Gwendoline Yeo), Mai Ling (Caroline Chan), Ye Fung (Olivia Cheng), Gina Wa (Valerie Tian), and Ghee Moon (Jadyn Wong).  What started out as two men on the trail ends up as a party of ten as they pick up a fiddle player from Virginia named Heck Gilpin (Scott Cooper), a Chinese man who came to America to make his fortune (Lung Hay), and a prostitute named Nola (Sacchi).  Meanwhile, the brothel owner Big Rump Kate (Rusty Schwimmer), who has paid for the girls, sends Big Ears (Chris Mulkey), just released from prison, after the girls and the cowboys protecting them.  Duvall and Sacchi turn in the solid performances you would expect, and have a very nice scene together, but is Church who is most clearly carving out something new in terms of what we expect from him as an actor as he tries to be even more minimalist than Duvall.  I was having trouble with the idea of Church playing the Sandman in "Spider-Man 3 next summer, but after seeing what his character does to a man who likes to spoil little girls, that is no longer a concern.  The story and script by Alan Geoffrion might be echoing "Lonesome Dove too much, but I liked how the language barrier between the cowboys and the Chinese girls was not magically solved and how they overcame it.  Besides, there is something to be said for been privy to a side of the story that the characters who only speak English know nothing about.  Ultimately I rounded down on this one because in terms of setting up the final confrontation each side makes a fatal mistake.  I know the bad guys are not as smart as the good guys, but I do like to put a limit on their stupidity, and I thought Harte had exhibited enough of sense of frontier justice to overcome any mistakes Ritter might make along the way.  Still this is quite enjoyable and while it is painfully clear that "Lonesome Dove, "Dances With Wolves and "Unforgiven have failed to revive the Western genre, at least it is equally obvious that when one gets made these days it is probably pretty good.  Even if "Broken Trail is not quite on the same level as these others, it is certainly worth watching, but we knew that as soon as we saw that Duvall and Walter Hill were attached to the production.  Duvall considers "Broken Trail to complete a trilogy of sorts with "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range, which may be a way of saying that he now feels no further need to make westerns.  Although at Duvall's present age John Wayne was still going to make "Big Jake, "The Cowboys, and, of course, "The Shootist, but admittedly Wayne was making a different type of Western than Duvall.  Still, I would hate to think that Duvall has washed his hands of the genre.  Hill and Duvall had worked together on "Geronimo
 Please excuse my attempt to be clever in the review title... it's yet another lamenting of the inability to be able to use half-stars in the ratings, and of course a lame attempt at being punny...  Broken Trail started out as a 'made for TV' mini-series, but please don't let that scare you off from watching as the quality here is every bit as good as any major motion picture would be really.  The story is interesting, the acting is not bad and it does the Western genre respectfully enough.  On the other hand... well, the story is also sadly predictable and has basically been done before, somewhat with the same star (Robert Duvall), in an earlier movie (see Open Range, where he co-starred with Kevin Costner for a very similar role) and if not that directly there you could try Unforgiven (with Clint Eastwood) or perhaps pick from the collection of John Wayne films which populated the genre long before this film came to pass.  Personally I'd rank this effort at 3-1/2 stars, but I've rounded up rather than down to use 4 stars here.  The visuals are solid here though a bit soft in spots, the sound isn't bad, but the extras that might add value are pretty sparce here with only a "Making of featurette included.  My best recommendation is rent this one before making a purchase. It's a nice film but you'd need to be a fairly serious fan of the genre to want to own this disc.
 Great western, heartwarming, with strong story line and characters.It's hard to find a western, that's really good anymore. Thumbs up.
 Yup - it's Robert at his best.  If you like the actor - ya gotta like the movie.  A feel good - good vs evil typical western.  Personally - it's a much needed break from all of the outrageous - filthy talking - so called western sagas.  If you miss the good old days - & want to be transported back to a kinder era - you'll love this movie!
 Wonderful epic-flavored double-length western that does everything fine. Scriptwriters from Deadwood - you should be taking notes.
 I was introduced to this mini series via the Louis L'Amour discussion forum and buying via amazon let me get the story before it was even considered for distribution in Australasia.  The filming and locations for this story are magnificent and this is equalled by the quality of the cast and story line.  The use of subtitles and script in mandarin are no hinderance to the story.  Can highly recommend the purchase of this DVD
 Broken Trail is a well produced Duvall film, not avaiable in Australia. Was very pleased to obtain it via Amazon, your service is impeccable. Not so pleased to recieve the DVD's still in USA format, but got over this by burning them into a format suitable for Australian equipment. Suggest you may take this into account when processing future orders.
 I recently have been enjoying Westerns, and I ordered Broken Trail. Great performances from the whole cast, and lovely scenery too.  Robert DuVall and Thomas Hayden Church are terrific in this unique, compelling story--which is based on a true story.  It will keep your attention with a good storyline and lots of action and even a little romance.  I definately recommend this film.
 Beautiful story - great acting - gave one an insight into how the west really was - loved it - would recommend
 Excellent rendition of time on the trail drives.  Thomas Hayden Church shows more acting depth than previous roles have allowed.  Duvall, great old cowboy, as usual.
 You really can't go wrong watching Robert Duvall and this is no exception.  It has a good cast and is an enjoyable western.  If you're a lover of the Western genre then it's a good way to kick back for a few hours and go back a century.
 This is an amazing story of principles and dedication. The filmography was beautiful. The only thing that was off was it seemed to drag in places and there were those relatively long fade out and ins between scenes. I understand that this film was made to be a mini-series and when someone is watching it over several days or weeks (depending on the showing schedule) one needs these repetitive shots of a horse drive slowly making its way across the country side to set the scene for each series. No one ever went across the planes with several hundred horses and a wagon full of young girls very quickly. So this is a wonderfully crafted movie (asside from the long fade in and outs); it probably works better on TV over time than on my computer, viewing it at one sitting. One more little thing about the script. Why did it say there were 500 horses when they only used about 100 or so to do the film? It would have been OK to just say 200 and it would have been just as impressive. Still, it was a beautiful film!
 Remember, this is television, not the big screen. My point being that although this is not on the level with Lonesome Dove or Dances with Wolves, I wish there was more TV like this (Yes, I realize Lonesome Dove was a TV mini-series as well).  Like a few others have said, this is a good movie, but do not expect Lonesome Dove. I guess it is unfair because I couldn't watch this movie without Lonesome Dove in my mind the whole time. There are many scenes, characters and themes reminiscent of Lonesome Dove, including the pervading melancholy mood, and although the scenery is beautiful and the film quality is better, it just doesn't have the same impact.  There are some scenes, some long and boring scenes, that I assume were intended to give some depth and character to the movie, but they had me on the verge of hitting the DVD fast-forward button. Just too slow and boring. These are few, however, and in the end they are only a minor distraction.  I guess I'm biased, Robert Duvall is unquestionably one of the, if not THE, great actors of our time, and has played some fascinating characters, but to me he will always be Augustus McCrae. It is impossible for me to watch him in a western, including Open Range, and not think of ol' Gus and look for Woodrow Call to to ride up. Impossible.  This is a good movie. There is good old fashioned frontier justice, what's right is right, life on the trail, beautiful scenery and cinematography, nice acting, a good story, and Robert Duvall. Duvall, like the rest of us, isn't as spry and animated as he was 15+ years ago when Lonesome Dove was filmed, but without him this movie doesn't exist.
 I acted in this movie, so I am alittle biased, but it was not what I had thought, more drama, less action, but a good movie all the same
 Different kind of story but excellently made and good to the end.
 This is the story of the founding of Haythorn Ranch in Arthur,Nebraska ([...]) The founder trailed 500 head of horses from Oregon to start the operation which today is known for their excellent stock of horses. I don't know how true the details are but the story is based in reality and you can visit the place today. The current proprietors are direct descendents of the main character in the story and are delightful people. They not only breed excellent horses but also provide a true Western setting for weddings and events. Speaking from first hand experience.
 shipped in timely manner.  purchased for gift--saw part of it on TV.  looked good for western fan
 Kind of like old time westerns.  Kind good hero's and very bad, Bad Guys.
 However, I do have a couple of nits to pick and I will get them out of the way first.  One, why in heaven's name did they set the story in 1897?  The West was tamed by then.  Almost nothing that happened fit into that time frame, from a trail drive of that magnitude (700 miles) to the raw mining town to the indians on the "warpath to the encounter with "Smallpox Bob.  If they had set it in 1882 or even 1889, they would have been safe.  I can't help but think that someone slipped up on the research, really.  Two, I love Robert Duvall, but I am getting a tad bored with his patented "Agustus McCrea impersonation.  I realize that in order to get this project backed he probably did have to promise to reprise his most popular character type.  But couldn't he have given us one or two surprises this time?  Maybe stretch the character a bit?  For instance, why not have let Uncle Print actually take a chance on a real relationship with Nola Jones?  Greta Scacchi gave such a touching and lovely performance one did feel that her character deserved better.  That said, any discontent I may have with the movie is more than made up for by the revelation of Thomas Hadden Church, solid and stunning as an action hero of the best kind.  The almost wordless romance between his character and the character of Sun Yu is completely convincing and totally satisfying.  Oh, and the young woman playing Sun Yu is no slouch in the acting department either.  I also give the production team points for examining the plight of the young Chinese women and of women in general in the West before it was tamed.  Unfortunately, that would have been several years earlier than 1897.  Rats!  I couldn't quite forget it so I decided to pretend that it was mistake by the person who did the graphics for the little introductory comments.  And that worked till a character mentioned the Spanish American War.  Oh...Heck!  But, see...I gave it 4 stars anyway, and that means it was pretty darn good regardless.
 The movie was for my grandmother for Christmas.  She loved it......into Westerns.
 Duvall is the rough around the edges, but loving grandfather-like figure you know had to exist back in those wild times of the old west.  This is the 3rd and probably last western for Duvall, who has stated that Broken Trail completes his trilogy with Lonesome Dove and Open Range.  Church is a tough, determined, western man who does things "the cowboy way"... he's perfect for the part, and you'll agree once you see him and his character.  What the story lacks in action-adventure, it sure makes up for in character development, relationships, scenery, and just plain pulling you in, and making you feel like you're actually on the horse-drive with them.  And when the action does come, it's shocking, tense, and more realistic than any western before.  this movie about good honest men, doing the right thing, in a time and place where no one else did.  This movie isn't just for western fans or men, but women can really get into this, as there are several female co-stars here who wrestle with the hardships of the day as seen from the eyes of a woman in the late 1800s, in the lawless west.  I've read it before on a review forum, and I agree that on a top ten list, if Lonesome Dove is a 10, and Open Range is a 9, then Broken Trail is an 8 or 8&1/2!!!  I can't wait for this release.
 I oredered this BluRay Movie from Amazon.Com and when it was delivered to me here, in the remote part of North Eastern India, I am amazed and thrilled. I immediately switched on my PS3 system as I do not have any other BluRay player, and inserted the disk. We are greeted by stunning and crystal clear 1080p Hi Definition movie intro. The setting and the plot of the film was just great and the actors - they deserve a standing ovation. It brought tears to everyone's eyes seeing the exploitation and the harrasment of these poor Chinese ladies. Watching this film, my niece, my sisters all broke into tears. That was extremely touching. Our salute goes to everyone in the film specially to those 5 poor and exploited Chinese ladies. Naming them 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 is rather funny. Duvall and Thomas also played their part very well. I liked the scenery and the cinematography too. This movie is simply GREAT in all respect. Anyone who love western movies - This movies is for you. A must in anyone's WESTERN MOVIE COLLECTION LIBRARY. Good work done by everyone in the set. Our salute goes to the Director too. Good job.
 A friend loaned me this little gem when she came home after holidaying in the U.S.A.If you enjoyed Lonesome Dove and Open Range you will enjoy Broken Trail and, YES, Mr Duval does his 
 Robert Duvall reprises his aging cowboy roles from "Lonesome Dove and "Open Range in this 3-hour TV western that follows not a cattle drive but the cross-country trek of a herd of mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming in the closing years of the 19th century. Many of the elements of the genre are here, including the beauty and wide-open spaces of the western landscape (the film was shot in Alberta, Canada), the presence of vicious outlaws threatening the lives and welfare of the film's heroes, much gunplay, conflicts with Indians, and the vulnerability of women in a lawless land. In this case, there is the added element of a little-known fact of western history, the presence of Asian immigrants and the not uncommon fate of many Chinese women sold into lives of prostitution.  As some other reviewers have already noted here, the film runs a bit long. While it attempts to provide a history lesson in American diversity and prejudice, the script tends to shy away from providing much depth. It's treatment of some themes is glancing and at times predictable. And one could also argue that an important social problem is played more for entertainment value than thought-provoking illumination.  While Duvall is unbeatable in this kind of role, with the wisdom of years, a salty edge, and a self-deprecating sense of humor, the performance of Tom Haden Church helps hold the film together from start to finish. Skeptical, a bit soured by his bachelor cowboy life, and rarely smiling, he remains a wonderful foil to the older Duvall. And he gets the best line of the movie. When a madam objects to his rescue of the five Chinese girls by shouting, "Those girls are my property, he replies, "That's the price of capitalism.  The set designer for "Deadwood has created a wild, woolly frontier town, and we're reminded in scene after scene that the West was unpaved. There is mud to be found almost everywhere there are people, cattle, and horses. A making-of featurette has informative interviews with many of those both in front of and behind the cameras. Not a really great film, but worth watching whether you like westerns or not.
 I LOVE this movie.  It is probably one of the best cowboy movies made in the last 10 years and is based on a true story which is even better in my opinion.  The only problem with this movie is that since it was a mini series the movie "ends halfway and the credits roll.  If I had never seen it I might have thought it just ended badly and never seen the end.  Why didn't they take out the credits and just recorded it as one movie as is done with so many mini-series put in DVD?  Never the less, I highly recommend this movie!!!
 Honestly, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make this a four-star movie.  It's a classic western story, with clearly defined good guys and bad guys.  The character interaction is top-notch.  There's no multi-million dollar special effects, but the acting by all is rock solid.  Print Ritter (Duvall) and Tom Harte (Tomas Haden Church) unexpectedly become the guardians of five abused and abandoned Chinese girls in the midst of their horse drive.
 The film opens in Chinatown San Francisco, 1898 where we five exotic virgins from the Celestial Empire are bought by Captain Billy Fender (James Russo) to be sold as slaves and introduced into the brief and violent life of prostitution...  Robert Duvall stars as "Print Ritter, an old cowhand whose sister left a will inheriting all to him rather than to her own son, Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) who lives in John Day Country Oregon...  Print ignores why she has done it, or why was crossed between the two, but his sister done it...  Print got the idea to buy a team of tough, high-desert mustangs--three to eight years of age--to take them to Sheridan, Wyoming to sell to the British Empire; the money they'll earn will be to increase their capital... And on the shares, Print figures a 25-75 split on profits after expenses and loan repayment to the bank...  From this point, Hill's Western becomes a road movie, with all kinds of odd characters, from ugly villains to a friendly musician, but the key to "Broken Trail is that through a series of circumstances, fate has placed the five Chinese innocent girls in the hands of Tom and his uncle... But the reality is another... Their families sold them to that rat captain heading out to the mining camp, where Kate, an odious saloon owner, bought them from an associate in San Francisco...  Our two cowboys save the girls' lives from rape and take them along on their journey...  With great photography, gorgeous vistas, perilous ground, sensible brave girls, good and decidedly courageous men, great action when it is necessary, and a big confrontation at the climax of the movie, Hill's Western is a must see film for the fans of the genre...
 I am a real western fan and I loved this movie.  It is more family oriented than most and Robert Duval does a wonderful job as usual, acting as a "good man when it comes to all these women he seemingly inherits.  He does the right thing, all the way through.  Recommended!!
 Broken trail is the stage upon which Robert Duval crafts his latest character development - an aging, wise, Western character. He originated it in Tender Mercies, built upon it in Lonesome Dove, expanded it in Open Range, and peaked it in Broken Trail. Gone are the Godfather and Apocolypse Now and other characters he developed. In Broken Trail, his craft is at a high point. He is again tough as a trail boss, cranky but loving with his nephew, and soft with the Chinese girls and women. John Wayne tailored his later career in much the same way - True Grit, The Shooter, etc., but Robert Duval is doing it better.
 In the beginning I was surprised to see what tragic things that those chinese girls went through.Then you are swept away by the changes that Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church undertake with the girls.At first they, are very serious,hard men, but then little by little they start to soften up.Then surprisingly some of the characters fall in love but, it does not emphasize on it. The senery is absolutely beautiful and breathtaking.I also really enjoyed the music.Not only is Broken Trail a very good movie but, also a very good a good story.
 Not quite Lonesome Dove but up there with Open Range as a good yarn, splendid scenery and a usual excellent performance by Robert Duvall. Hayn Church aint bad either. It's no run of the mill western as it has a reasonable story line. Good supporting cast makes it a cut above the ordinary. If you like Duvall and you like westerns then Broken Trail is right up your street.
 I tell ya, Robert Duvall can just climb on a horse (rather tenderly these days, mind you) and you've suddenly got an outstanding Western.  And the AMC cable channel is very well known for its groundbreaking television.  Combine the two, and the happy result is BROKEN TRAIL, a movie with the central, tried-and-true theme that blood is thicker than water, as an aging rancher (Duvall, playing crusty old Print Ritter) and his estranged, moody nephew (Thomas Haden Church as Tom Harte) drive a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming (meaning prepare yourself for some breathtaking vistas).  Along the way, they seem to attract plenty of strays, from an adventure-seeking Virginian, to five Chinese girls in constant peril, to a solemn Chinaman, to one soiled dove with a heart of gold.  Also along the way, the two men connect, bond--and not just with each other.  One aspect that did (somewhat) disappoint me is the incontrovertible fact Duvall does, basically, reprise his most famous role; in short, his Ritter is <a href="http
 I will admit, it's not  Ghost in the Shell,  or  Princess Mononoke.  And yes, it's differs from the first film. Less sword fights, more romance. But in its own rights, it's a good film. The story is complex and bring you many relatable characters. D is as cool and sleek as he ever was. Getting glimps into the motivations of other characters also help the plot and keeps the audience involved. Okay, the plot and the dialogue tends toward mellow drama. The English dubbing seems to exagerate it. You have to keep in mind that the movie was made for a Japanese audience, whose taste runs different from Americans. By the look of most animes, Japanese have a healthy appreciation for mellow drama. Now the art work, GEORGEOUS! The animation employs both computer and traditional cell techniques. The blend of the two is seemless. Character design recalls those of  girly romance serials  such as  Candy  or even  Sailor Moon.  Impossibly large eyes, lots of long flowing hair, sharp facial features, lush detailed decorations, in dark tones however instead of pastels. This works well in this instance, as the underlying theme is love and adds the element of romance to the dark gothic base of the film. The scene construction is as dynamic as film gets. The  camera  moves through the scene, weaving in and out, taking the audience along into the film. Over all, it is worth the money. Go see it or get the dvd and just enjoy.
 From the moment I saw buff guys with big weapons riding around in a modified tank, I knew this would be different from the original. The entire world seems to work on different principles (less gritty magic, more gritty machines), and it comes across quite clearly in this radically different anime style. Fans of the  X  feature will enjoy it, but others will wonder why so many heads look like triangles with *gasp* huge eyes. But the thing that got me to watch the original was interesting violence, and you've got some here. Unicycle-riding midgets, werewolves with giant fangs in their abdomen, terminally ill patients shooting up to turn into psychic juggernauts, and the voice of Starscream! Some of this does seem like the product of a bad drug trip, but it is well-rendered and imaginative. The parasitic ( but I've always been a good parasite, ) hand returns with a bit of sarcastic wit this time, providing the much-needed dialogue and exposition D is incapable of delivering. Still, D seems a bit loose-tongued in comparison to his last appearance in 1985. His voice is well casted (as a matter of opinion, most of these voices are great), but there are times when I sat up in the theatre puzzled, because D just wouldn't say this or that. Still, he delivers the righteous justice and unrelenting effort of any good, sword-wielding anime protagonist. The protagonist complex of so many characters is interesting, because many come across as genuinely good main characters, almost competing for screen time. Some stories are intense enough to push D off altogether, but not for too long. He is never five minutes away from a fight scene. However, the antagonist complex of so many characters (everybody seems to hate everybody that they aren't sleeping with or being paid millions to save) gets a little thin. Carmilla, who could be considered the principle villainess, doesn't even get mentioned in the first sixty minutes of the movie. All in all, there are compelling, intertwining motivations, and enough eye candy to keep the average fan of anime through a sitting, but the ending is cliche (aren't all the best ones?), and other than to catch a few fight scenes over again, I didn't see much rewatch value. But if you can, see this in the theatre. Some of the visuals, and all of the sounds, deserve it.
 Its awesome! Not as great as everyone seems to think, at least story-wise, but still awesome.
 This one is no where near as good as the first one, but it's not bad! However, stylistically, it's TOTAL eye-candy. The movie is beyond beautiful.
 The isolation and loneliness of being the result of a union between a vampire king and a human woman--a being called a Dunpeal, someone who can never belong to either side. Strong, powerful and able to resist sunlight for a period of time. The sequel to the 1985 anime hit, "Vampire Hunter D
 Theres been a lot of anime films i wanted to watch, and unfortunatly they never seem to keep my interest, even ones that are suppost to be real good, and i watch it, and its just boring.  Vampire Hunter D
 I had never encountered Vampire Hunter D before watching this movie and I found myself enthralled by the sophisticated animation.  The plot kept  reminding me of the spaghetti westerns that my father used to love.  Somewhere in a future dystrophic world, a rich rancher's daughter was kidnapped by a vampire.  An iconic figure in black is summoned to either rescue her, or if she has been turned, kill her.  But there is also a second party of people competing for the reward, a group of siblings who are traveling in an armored vehicle.  Between bursts of extreme violence and action shots that remind me of high quality video game moves, the viewer learns a little bit about the stranger D, who either ages very slowly or not at all, and has to struggle against a craving for blood.  The chatty parasite attached to his hand actually provides comic relief and some of the back ground information.  This is highly recommended as both animation and plot.
 Based on the third novel of Hideyuki Kikuchi's popular series, this film evokes the milieu of its source material with greater accuracy than Toyoo Ashida's 1985 adaptation of the first novel. Herein, the titular character is commissioned by an affluent family to eliminate a powerful vampire, and to return a young woman who he's kidnapped. D's activities are complicated by a society of monsters hired by his prey for protection and a group of bounty hunters with whom he's competing for the same objective.  I never had an opportunity to see this in the theater upon its initial release. I assumed that the result would be an adaptation of Kikuchi's work colored by the rapid, severe action sequences and brisk pace typical of other Kawajiri features like Wicked City and Ninja Scroll. My guess was accurate only in regard to the former element; while the violence of this movie is as stylized and impressive in its execution as that of Kawajiri's other directorial efforts, this is surely as measured as it was in print, a story that develops slowly and for good reason.  The visuals of this film cannot be faulted. CGI is implemented seamlessly with cel animation to great effect. But the finest accomplishments of this movie's production are an array of magnificent backgrounds that depict vivid pastoral settings of numerous environments and extraordinary, sprawling interiors in which Gothic and Victorian design are rendered with impossibly ornate detail. I've seen a lot of animated features, and this is probably the most beautiful among them. Character designer Yutaka Minowa must be credited for his efforts
 I was very happy to finally get Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust. When I got to my friend's house we immediately popped it into the DVD player, and I was shocked to find that it didn't have the original Japanese language format with English subtitles. I admit that the English wasn't as bad as some dubbing I have heard, but it was rather disappointing. And because of the case the DVD comes in there is no indication that it dosen't have the Japanese. Of course my friend told me that the original Vampire Hunter D DVD doesn't have the original Japanese format either. Other than that Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is absolutely extrordinary. The animation is completely breath-taking. If it weren't for the fact that it didn't have the Japanese format I would have given it 5 stars.
 First of all, the first one will always be better. The music is one I actually bought the CD for. The acting, great. The voices, great. The animation 50/10. The only flaw was the exclusion of the Japanese dub. I know it was originally in English, but I''m practicing on saying Japanese, and now watch all my anim$B!&amp;(Bin Japanese. But otherwise, a good movie (especially the case, blood red)
 This was a great sequal to the orignal VHD. Its different art style and action pacted sceens lead you into the world of D and thase poor souls that live along side the vampire and mutants of a world gone through hell. All in all this film series rates up there with LotR with me as one of my number one picks of all time.
 This is one Badd Assss mOvie....It totally Kicks Assss...I have seen the first Vampire Hunter D....but BloodLust takes all the cookie....it is stunningly awesome to watch.. To all anime fans out there...Bloodlust is a must have..It could very well be one of the hottest animes in this era....i love animes with gore, action, and violence..all of which Bloodlust has... but don't let 10 yrs. old kids and below to watch it...it is very violent..and a young mind should never bare witness to that...not yet... SssSsssHhoOooTttsssS
 Over all, I feel that this was a good movie.  The animation is great, as are character designs.  The music is good and the casting is done well, by which I mean that the voices matched well with the characters (which, quite frankly, surprised the hell out of me!).  I have read some reviews that complain about D being too flat as a character, as in he doesn't show us a very broad spectrum of emotions (Heero Yuy from Gundam Wing comes to mind).  Well, normally I would agree, but keep in mind that aside from having to live a very long life, he basically has to live it alone, due to the fact that he is hated by both humans and vampires alike.  I wouldn't imagine that he'd have a lot to say or be incredibly happy about, would you?  No, I didn't think so, so lets leave it at that.  But what really gets under my skin is how this supposed love between Meier Link and Charlotte is handled.     I'll admit that I'm a pretty big sucker for love stories, especially the ones where the two are struggling against some force that is trying to keep them apart.  However, there is a right and a wrong way to go about doing this.  Charlotte came off as some stupid, naive little girl who really wasn't thinking about what she was doing and all that her decision would entail.  I saw her as just being infatuated with Link, instead of a woman who genuinely wants to share the rest of her life with someone.  Halfway through the movie I wanted to stand up and shout, "GOOD GOD WOMAN, TAKE YOUR HEAD OUT ..., STOP YOUR WHINING, AND GROW UP!  Link reminds me of some arrogant [guy], too stiff to convince me that he is capable of loving anyone.  From the way the couple interact, it doesn't seem that the two are in love at all, just a pair of desperately lonely people who depend on each other for company.  In my opinion, that is a hell of a lot different than love.  Their dialogue and how the voice actors portrayed them with their performances just doesn't cut it.  (I know, I know...  I said I thought the casting was done well, but how the voice actors match with the characters and how they depict the characters with their performances is entirely different) "Please, don't take me back, I'm just a widdle girl! "I can't go on without you my love, GIVE ME A BREAK!  You don't just roll over and die for love.  When you sit back and think about it, it doesn't make any sense.  You fight for it, damn it!  If something you love is being threatened, grab a gun, a knife, a sword, a big friggin' stick, ANYTHING and fight like hell!  At least that's the way I feel about it.  Charlotte should have been portrayed as a woman of real conviction, a person who genuinely believed in the love she felt.  Link would have been better, and more believable, as a character if he had been given better dialogue and more emotion.  So to sum it all up, a good storyline and a good movie if you're not expecting too much, but as a love story
 A superior sequel.  It leaves it's predecessor in the dust!  The animation will leave you in awe, and the story will leave you wanting more! Let's hope it doesn't take them another 17 years to make another sequel.  My only complaint about this DVD is that too much of the movie took place during daylight hours.  I think it took away from the creepy atmosphere the director was trying to convey. That being said, Vampire Hunter D 
 Before I go on about how great this movie is, let me just take a second to point out a few of the things less than perfect that appear in the film.   OK, there English dubbing tend to get a bit annoying at times (the female bounty hunter mainly) and since this was actually produced in the US, there's no Japanese dubbing at all.   That female bounty hunter that I just mention was often painful to watch and her reason for becoming a hunter was just a total cliche. That, coupled with D, a cool character maybe a bit too much of the stereotypical loner protagonist, almost made parts of the film almost comical.   That said, the movie as a whole was just awesome. A pretty damn innovative story (although one of the bad guys was obviously "borrowed from Ninja Scroll") with some of the most beautiful animation seen anywhere. It really was a thrill ride that seemed to be both cutting edge and reminscent of some of the cool, early/mid 80s anime. Really cool stuff.   If you dug the first D movie, Ninja Scroll, Mononoke or any action oriented anime, or have yet to see any Japanese animation, pick this one up.
 Now, the original will always be a classic. Unfortunately, even though this film is good, it will always be the film that came AFTER  Vampire Hunter D.  The influence and popularity of the original cannot be denied, even by people who think otherwise, however that does not mean this movie is in no way bad. For one, it excels in characters. The enemies and heroes are more fleshed out, and some of the heroes (the Marcus Bros. specifically) make you wonder which one is worse. Meier Link, especially, is a well developed character, and you begin to feel for him. I didn't experience such feelings in the original. Also, it excels in storyline. It annoys the hell out of me when people say otherwise, because I don't think they really know what they are talking about (some people, I've noticed, have a habit of simply summing things up with  good animation, bad storyline  and failing to elaborate). The original had the usual plot of  girl in trouble, save her.  This goes for the same fling, but...wait...girl REALLY in trouble? Or girl NOT in trouble? There is also the addition of an evil Countess, and even though some have said she is just thrown in there, if you really study the film and understand the characters you'll realize she's there the whole way through. So if you like action films that aren't just blood and guts, then you should definately watch this film. I guess I can't really say much else, but  oh well, whats the sound of one hand yapping? 
 This movie was pretty good, but it only had a portion of the essence that makes a lot of Anime instant classics and that make you want to watch them over and over. The art-work was fantastic and the scenes were pretty cool as far as action goes. But it is on no level like Akira, Ghost in the Shell, Ninja Scroll, or even the Dragon Ball Z movies. I guess it was story line. It was a good movie, but unless your a Vampire Hunter D fan, this is just a one-watch and done.
 A much improved story and the anime was far superior to it's predecessor "Vampire D". A very enjoyable feature and worth watching.
 No one can deny that the animation in this movie is gorgeous, stunning, beautiful. Characters all have depth to their faces, fluidity to their movies, while still being realistic moving, which is hard to do in animation. While some disagree, the dubbing really isn't bad at all, it even borderlines on good, as do the actors chosen to lend their voices to the parts. However, I'm not the first to say that the connection between Charlotte and Link was, well, silly at best. Charlotte comes off as being stupid and Link comes off as being an uptight psycho-possesive boyfriend. D was the best in this movie. People complain he didn't have enough depth, well, he's gonna be around for a while. I doubt that he has any desire just to pop out and fall in love, become someone's best friend, save a puppy, etc. He was stunningly animated. Maybe that's just my love for D. Overall, if one could combine the beautiful animation of this one with the storyline of the original, it'd be the classic anime, the touchstone for all anime to come. This is worth buying, I believe.
 I just saw the movie today in Austin . I am here to tell you this 
 directed by yoshiaki kawajiri, the acclaimed director of ninja scroll.vampire hunter d bloodlust is about a half human half vampire bountyhunter,d ,who's chasing after a vampire who abducted a daughter of a rich man.he is also trying  to beat the other team of bountyhunters,the markus brothers,in saving her. beautifully directed,and full of the breathless and breathtaking action scenes kawajiri is famous for.the action over substance kawajiri is famous for.but it's still a very enjoyable film.  a sequel to 1985 vampire hunter d .there is  a short cameo by the snakewomen of midwitch in this sequel,in the scene when d enters barbarois city. based on the novel ashai sonorama by hideyuki kikuchi.it is not the first time kawajiri adapts a kikuchi novel.wicked city is also based on a novel by the same writer.  along with  the usuall making of and trailers in the extra features,you'll get  fans favorite scenes and the storyboard to  feature comparison.  is it better than part one? budget-wise, yes .a lot better.  if you are a first timer  to anime ,you'll love this film. if you already are an anime fan,you'll like it too.like a nice summer action movie .
 Wow! This sequel to Vampire Hunter D took 15 years to arrive though I didn't mind that much because I didn't see the original until a year before Bloodlust came out. Was the long wait worth it? You bet! You will be able to tell that the animation is a bit different but it doesn't take away from the overall movie. While not quite as dark as it's predecessor, Bloodlust has some creepy moments and is probably more of an action flick which is not a bad thing. As with the first, this sequel is not a typical vampire film and is sure to please fans of the original and even new comers to anime. As for the DVD, the special features are somewhat plentiful. Very nice picture quality but as for the sound quality... Ugh! The sound between the dialouge and the music during the film are so unbalanced that you will find yourself having to turn the volume very high to understand everything being said and other times you will have to turn the volume lower due to a sudden burst of music right after a character's spoken dialogue. While watching this movie, I suggest you keep the remote in your hand for volume adjustment. Other than the sound problem, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is certainly worthy to be seen more than once as is the original.
 I'm only a casual fan of anime.  Almost every anime movie I've seen shares the same annoying cliches
 I don't review movies but after watching this one I'm compelled to applaud it for the great drama that it is. For those who love vampire movies, but care to see more sentimental and intellectual stimulation, this animation does the job well. Usually, I'm not a big fan of Japanese anime with its exaggerated features and lack of realism (both for the caricature of the personae as well as the backdrop), and my inclination would've been to give this movie three stars, but I've given it four because of its strength as a drama. First, there was Bram Stoker's Dracula, then Interview with the Vampire, and afterwards I'll rate this as my third most favorite vampire movie.
 This is a must have for anime collectors. The animation looks great even for an older film. This full length film is meant for the mid-teen to older crowd, for animated violence and gore.
 Shares much in common story-wise with the original Vampire Hunter D while not being "just another copy". More modern graphics style and voice/SFX and a more involved plotline make this a movie worth seeing for "D fans and non-fans alike. Good ending.
 The animation is beautiful in this film, so good in fact that I'd recommend Bloodlust for that reason alone. After more than fifteen years since the original, Bloodlust was definately welcome. The one bad thing about it is the lack of action, and the little action that there is is abbreviated in some way. With exception of two scenes, there are no action sequences that go longer than three minutes. The film, though, isn't long and the story is good enough to carry it from action to action. Great for those of you who liked Hellsing or the original Vampire Hunter D.
 vampire hunter d-bloodlust is a wonderful movie.it's got violence, true love, adventure, and an awesome mysterious main character.this movie will totally rock your world.it's different than most anime; there's no cutsie characters, and it's definitely not a comedy (that's for sure!).i would actually have given this movie 4 1/2 stars but it wouldn't let me!the only reason i wouldn't have given it five stars is because i wish that we could've gotten to know the main character a bit better (not that it's not great having him be a handsome mystery!).it was also a bit harsh on my sensitive sensibilities toward the end.so if you're as sensitive as i am BEWARE! i would definitely give this animation a ten.it's different but wonderfully dark. i do hope you get this!i know you'll enjoy it!
 Wow! This anime was a pleasure to watch from the get-go.  It is dark and gothic and beautifully animated.  It deals with the vampire theme but in a different kind of way....It is like a tragic romantic operetta. Very stylish and the voice acting was good.  Good audio direction and nice art direction as well.  Worthwhile to see with a loved one at your side. 
 As usual with Tarzan films, the title of this movie is overstated; he does not express savage fury, although he does kill his enemy. It is fun to watch. This 1952 film is the sixteenth movie in the Tarzan series since 1932. It is the fourth of five films in which Lex Barker has the role since he followed Johnny Weissmuller in 1949. Two crooks with native carriers trick Tarzan into believing that one of them is his cousin. They try to persuade him to take them to a jungle tribe that has many diamonds. He refuses but, as usual, Jane gets him into trouble by persuading him to do so. En route, people get killed and the crooks steal diamonds. Jane is almost murdered by the tribe who think that she is involved. A new character, a lost white orphan is introduced; Tarzan brings him home and Jane says he can remain. Cheetah, as in the other films, does many funny tricks.
 Explores the deep recesses of the Australian outback, where these giant creatures still roam the land and rule the waterways.
 Somewhere in the beginning of the movie, Ray Manzarek, keyboard player for the Doors, says to Jim Morrison that "we've gotta make the myths".  If Morrison by the end of his life wasn't a myth already, he sure is now, thanks to Oliver Stone's take on his short but shall we say intense life. As always, there's been a lot of controversy about Stone's historical inventions (cfr. JFK and Nixon), but then I don't think that reality was really the point anyway. What Stone pulled off here was to make a movie out of the music of The Doors, using its sensibilities and surreal images. Morrison's life is just the thread that runs through it all, and where the facts are given a wide berth, atmosphere takes over. Boy, does it ever - I think that watching The Doors is about as close as you can get to experiencing an acid trip without actually taking LSD. It's visually kinetic and obviously there's all of that music - 135 minutes worth of it. Don't watch it to get to know Jim Morrison; watch it to understand the music and the era from which it came. And watch it to see Val Kilmer's uncanny portrayel of Morrison, arguably one of the finest acting jobs ever done based on a real person. DVD treatment is fine, with a crystal clear transfer of the movie - just too bad it wasn't enhanced for 16
 I might be the perfect audience for this movie.  I like the Doors music, but I haven't read any of the books about them.  I'm hot and cold on the excesses of Oliver Stone's film style, but it seemed to work in this case.  I don't know what is truth and what is fiction, but the style of the film blended into the music made for an entertaining experience.  In many ways the movie opened up their lesser-known songs to my enjoyment and the performances in the film are excellent.  Being somewhat tired of Meg Ryan's Romantic Comedy per year output, it was nice seeing what might happen to such a sweet girl in the throes of the 60s, Rock music and the decadent scene.  You also have to wonder why Val Kilmer wasn't nominated for an Oscar after his great performance.  What's interesting about hippie movies is that film makers inevitably identify with this period and have to contain themselves not to romanticize it, but I still come away glad that I wasn't a part of it.   As for the Special Edition DVD, Oliver Stone provides insightful commentary about the making of the film and the meeting of Jim's and Pam's parents.  He points out and explains the symbolism of the Shaman and death and all of the things that seem in your face on first viewing.  I have always thought that Stone is a top-notch filmmaker mired in his own fascination with the 60s.  But you have to give the guy credit for movies like this.  No one anywhere could have made a big budget movie about The Doors except for Oliver Stone.
 This is a great quality product and quick shipping. The movie is great depicting the era of the great rock n roll bands. This type of musical talent no longer exists in "today's bands.
 This was a wonderful film, ValKilmer's best in my opinion. As Jim Morrison Kilmer gets to the core of the inner and oft hidden demons with all of us.  Although achieving wealth,fame and success Morrisson is haunted by a mystical figure who appears to be calling him toward his destiny a destiny which Jim seems so eager to meet and embrace.  Morrison personifies all that was rock and roll in the 60's , sex drugs and seeminly a taste for pushing ones'self to the limits of physical and psychological exhausion.  I highly recommend this.
 When I saw "The Doors 
 In 1991 director Oliver Stone made two epics concerning the 1960s, "JFK and "The Doors".  In my humble opinion, Stone was most successful with "The Doors in evoking the spirit of that tumultuous time in American history.  You can feel and taste the ambiance of the Sunset Strip and the smoky clubs that the Doors used as their stomping grounds.  But who's kidding who; the Doors were a vehicle for the musings of their charasmatic leader, Jim Morrison, and the rest of the band were able sidemen.  Val Kilmer so eerily channels the spirit of Morrison in his performance here that you feel that you are actually witnessing the rise and downward spiral of the Lizard King himself.  The cast here includes many talented individuals(Meg Ryan, Kyle Maclachlan, Frank Whaley, Kevin Dillon) but essentially they are but straight men to the Morrison show.  The reason I rate this film four stars instead of five is indicative of the fact that this is ultimately not an easy film to watch.  It's something of a chore to witness the self-destruction of a talented individual through his own narcissistic indulgences.
 Oliver Stone is a crazy nutbag and has gotten worse over time but Val Kilmer deserves major reconition for the best preformance he's ever given.
 While the fans of Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin wait endlessly for film bios of their Rock `n' Roll hero's Doors fans have long had the bio-pic of Jim Morrison courtesy of Oliver Stone.  I gave this review four stars, but for the movie itself it's only three stars the fourth star is for the bonus features. The movie starts off well enough with Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison in a recording studio reading his poetry ("Did you have a good world when you died? Enough to base a movie on?") Then flashes back to Morrison's childhood when he witnessed an accident in the New Mexico desert in which some Indians had been in a car accident and the young Jim Morrison felt as if the soul of one of those Indians leapt into his. Then we pick up Morrison as leaves the UCLA film school to self imposed exile on a Venice Beach rooftop where it's inferred that Morrison was writing. He meets Pam Courson (Meg Ryan) and bumps into former UCLA classmate Ray Manzarek (Kyle MacLachlan) who asks Morrison what he's been doing, Morrison answers writing songs, and Manzarek asks him to sing one. Jim sings Moonlight Drive and Ray says they should start a rock band and make a million dollars.  The movie closely follows the highlights of The Doors/Morrison's career from playing The Whisky a go-go where the Oedipal section of The End was first heard and got them fired only to be picked up by Elektra Records, to playing the Ed Sullivan Show and being asked by producers to excise the word higher in Light My Fire, Morrison refused, the New Haven concert where Morrison became the first rock star arrested on stage, Miami, his obscenity trial, his Wiccan wedding with Patricia Keneally (Kathleen Quinlan) and one unintentionally hilarious scene where Jim and Pam get into an argument and Jim stomps a duck. There are a lot of cameos in the movie including Doors drummer John Densmore, Billy Idol, Eric Burdon, Paul Williams, and Doors producer Paul Rothchild.  The acting is good, although Michael Madsen seems wasted in such a small part of Tom Baker, a friend of Morrison's. Oliver Stone gets most of the facts right, and gives a good feel for the 60's and the music. What he doesn't get right is pretty major. Besides directing Stone also gets a credit as screenwriter, but when he runs out of things for Morrison to say he just inserts Doors lyrics, as if Morrison was running around quoting songs all the time. The movie also tends to only portray the sensationalistic side of Morrison's personality, and while I understand film is an active medium there is one scene missing, a scene which shows Morrison sitting and writing the songs.  I gave one of the rating stars to the bonus features and this DVD is crammed with bonus features, deleted scenes, commentary, and the rarely seen English documentary The Doors Are Open which was shot on The Doors first European tour in 68.  The Doors movie by Oliver Stone may be part of a 60's trilogy. Each third represents a different aspect of the 60's.  Platoon-The Vietnam experience. JFK- About the political atmosphere of the 60's and how we lost faith in our leaders because of an alleged conspiracy.  And finally The Doors. To illustrate the counter culture experience of the 60's. This movie & JFK have both recieved reviews panning them due to not sticking with the facts. But these 2 movies are also outside of Stone's range of experience so it might have been a little harder for him to internalize the experience and present them to their best effect.
 this movie made a Doors fan of me &amp; the new edition has lots of extras &amp; 5.1 sound.  I think Oliver Stone did a wonderful job for the most part with this movie; looks so realistic which I think was one of the great things about this &amp; JFK.  Val Kilmer gives the performance of his career &amp; I think the whole cast was great.
 This was a good show in all. Very Trippy!! Anyone notice that Billy Idol appeared in it?? heehee! Billy played  Kat . He had brown long hair and was on crutches. He was briefly at the bar. Be careful... if you blink, you'll miss him!! 
 i was very impressed by this film upon my first viewing it lead to a spree of doors memorabillia crowding my home and the neighbours complaining about jims wailing on the cd player, for atleast two months this movie really affected me and turned me to music that i considered flea market hippie garbage reminiscent of an era of ridiculous hygiene and recreational excess. this film has a lot of quality out bursts and is definately one of oliver stones better films but i preferred this vision as a more desirable role only in fiction, olivers jim would be right up there with travis bickle, colonel kurtz and mickey mouse but the reality would have been hideous. the book by densmore tells a more humane tale of a man who got caught up in something only he could have laughed and smiled. stones dramatisation plays like king of kings on acid with an electric guitar.
 (Blu-ray version) For only those, who just like me, when look for a review, they only hope to find technicals opinions, nothing about the movie, history, critical or something like that, so... The picture is great and the sound is great too. Buy it!
 The Southern California band The Doors were a big hit around 1966-1971. The band ended when singer Jim Morrison flew to France to pursue a different career and shortly later died due to his ongoing drug abuse.  I'm not old enough to remember The Doors. I hail from the later era of Judas Priest and Metallica. The first time I ever heard of The Doors was when my much-older brother asked me if I knew of them. I busted out laughing saying, "The Doors? Why don't they just call themselves The Window Sills. Yeah, I thought the name was pretty ridiculous until I discovered Jim Morrison's reasoning behind it
 I just watched this movie again a few days ago, and the photography sticks in my mind.  There are more special effects in The Doors than in Star Wars.  I think this movie represents a change in Oliver Stone's career.  I didn't like some of his earlier films as much as other people.  The most interesting films to me were the ones where he used a lot of special photography to convey the message like JFK, Nixon, Any Given Sunday, even Natural Born Killers (although I think Killers hits a doorstop in the prison scenes).  There are scenes in Killers that have the kind of visual exuberance and improvisations inherent in the message, almost like a fairy tale.  The Doors uses cinema the way Apocalypse Now uses cinema.  What I mean by that is the montages, the feeling of immersion, the adult manner in which the cinema handles the plot.  It pulls out the stops and goes as deep as the mental state it portrays without being too "preachy".  Those are Stone's preferable qualities to me.  The Oliver Stone films lacking those presentation techniques I speak of were shot so gritty to the extent of degrading the moral, and they had little beauty or gloss in them, which are the things that were put into The Doors and the above few I mentioned.  Stone's better films are the ones like this one that treats his subjects as fairy tales for adults.  They are the ones that take me on a colorful ride and display what those things look like in one's imagination, and then plays with them like fairy tales.  They should be vivid and colorful.  They should not make me hate the world, but have me make better choices in the world.  If you are interested in Oliver Stone in the same manner, you may also want to read his book, A Child's Night Dream.
 4 stars for Val Kilmer who fills the boots of a "lamentable wreck of a human being.  Meg Ryan belatedly caught on to the obvious fact that she was playing a part in a cautionary tale, but she caught on too late to improve her part in a sordid tragedy that grinds down from not bad to bad.  Oliver Stone's movie is, again, Oliver Stone OD'd on purple strychnine.  He's stoned, lost in a purple haze, but is very far from immaculate.  What saves him here is what saved the lizard kingdom (until the main man, like Marat, went down for the very last time in a bathtub in Paris ... or so they say)
 This is Oliver Stone's best film, Val Kilmer's best performance, and the 2d best fiction film representation of a rock band (This Is Spinal Tap is the best, of course). But first, the bad news
 This film somewhat disappointed me. I walked away from this film thinking that Jim Morrison was an alcoholic jerk who cared only about himself. Thankfully, soon after watching this movie I read 'No One Here Gets Out Alive' and I have come to see a better picture of the true Jim Morrison.  It seems as if Hollywood is only interested in the abusive side of Morrison and not the more down-to-earth side of Morrison. Oliver Stone made Jim's character so one dimensional... and this is a serious flaw in a movie that is based, for the mostpart, on one man.  That being said, Val Kilmer plays a GREAT Jim Morrison. The movie has many fantastic parts
 This movie is a very insightful look into the Doors and Jim Morrison's life. However, if you really want an accurate history I would read Riders on the Storm by John Densmore.
 I first saw this movie in my high school film studies class.  It blew my mind.  The Doors were one of the biggest acts of the late '60s and early '70s.  Val Kilmer is brilliant as Jim Morrison.  He's got the look, the sound, and the feel down pat.  Jim was a bit of a wild man during this psychedelic era, and the movie totally reflects that -- excessive drugs, wild antics on and off stage, etc.  One of my favorite scenes is when The Doors are invited to play on The Ed Sullivan Show and are asked to censor "Light My Fire.  They don't, and Val exaggerates the moment way beyond what actually happened.  A classic scene.  There are a few inaccuracies in the film which knocks my rating down one star.  I learned about them in Ray Manzarek's book, "Light My Fire
 Myself, being a huge doors fan, I absolutely love this movie. Oliver Stone did a great job capturing Jim Morrison's wild life fueled by drugs and alcohol onto the big screen, but maybe he gave us a false perception of the Lizard King. Many people watch this movie to get an idea on what Jim was like, and this movie is not what it's for. Oliver Stone exaggerated a lot of thing in Jim's life to make it more movie like, which is completely okay, but people must understand this.  As a movie, it's fantastic, and keeps us pulled into Jim's story throughout the whole thing, but don't look at this movie as a documentary.
 This was an excellent movie if you want to learn about how the Doors got their start and became famous.  It was kind of shocking how much Jim Morrison changed throughout the movie.  It also showed how much he loved and cared for his girlfriend.  You see the Doors working in the studio and them playing in concert.  You will be surprised what some of the stuff that Jim did on stage, he screamed at the croud and said some bad stuff.  But overall I would say that it was a great movie and strongly recommend it to fans of the Doors and even people who are not fans of them.  It made me like them more because it gives you a chance to actually really listen to the music.
 THE DOORS is a great movie but I would have giving it 5 stars but if movie was based on real accounts. For one instant Jim didn't quit film school he actually graduated and made a couple of films but thats all I will say about that aspect. The movie was excellent, the acting was great espically the actors who played The Doors were excellent. This is one of those "semi-Biographical flicks done right, I mean the doors in the movie actually look like the real doors. I thought Val Kilmer did a excellent job playing Morrison, he looked and sounded like him. Of course the soundtrack is excellent cause most of it is Doors music. If your aren't a Doors fan or just becoming one then I highly recommend it. THE DVD
 It's hard to believe that The Doors (1991) is now twenty years old.  It's also hard to believe Jim Morrison has been gone 40 years already.  Time flies.  This movie was made by the always controversial Oliver Stone.  This movie basically centers around the wild lifestyle of lead singer Jim Morrison.  Val Kilmer gives a great performance as Jim Morrison.  I don't think any other actor could have done better.  Kyle MacLachlan is also great as keyboardist Ray Manzarek.  Frank Whaley does well as guitarist Robbie Krieger, and Kevin Dillon does a good job as drummer John Densmore.  Meg Ryan is a good Pamela Courson (Morrison's girlfriend).  Kathleen Quinlan is great as Patricia Kennealy (Morrison's mistress).  Look for cameo appearances by Paul Rothschild (the band's producer) and John Densmore.  Also look for Billy Idol, who plays Cat.  A lot of things that occur in this movie either never happened, or if they did, were greatly exaggerated.  Keyboardist Ray Manzarek has been quoted many times as saying that certain incidents in the movie never happened, such as the Thanksgiving scene, the exaggerated performance of Light My Fire on The Ed Sullivan Show, etc.  There are also some factual errors in the movie.  One thing I don't like about this movie is the fact that Oliver Stone portrayed Jim Morrison as a self-centered out of control drunk.  He exaggerated everything, which is typical of Stone.  I've read lots of books on Morrison and The Doors going back to the early 1980s and watched many videos/documentaries.  Morrison had a sense of humor that was absent in the movie.  He was very cerebral as well.  He wasn't wild ALL the time, but he was a great deal of the time.  Early in the movie all four band members vow to stick together, support each other no matter what, and do everything unanimously, but as the movie progresses, Manzarek, Densmore, and Krieger increasingly turn against Morrison as Morrison's behavior gets more and more out of control.  I found this interesting but understandable, because when one of the band members is totally out of control, the band can't do everything unanimously and without conflict.  This is the result of Oliver Stone choosing to portray Morrison as TOTALLY out of control.  Stone should have taken the middle road when portraying Morrison, wild but not TOO wild, but his goal is to entertain the movie audience by exaggerating things.  I saw Ray Manzarek perform live, by himself, at Pine Knob Music Theater in Clarkston, MI in July 2002.  I'll tell you, it was one of the best performances I've ever seen at a concert venue, even though it was just Manzarek and a keyboard on stage.  The other artists there that night were Vanilla Fudge and Jefferson Starship.  Jefferson Starship gave an absolutely terrible performance, with sound problems and no Grace Slick.  It was the worst concert I've ever seen.  Overall, this is a good movie that will take you to the hippie generation of 1960s America and allow you to see the story (flaws and all) of one of the great rock bands of all time.
 The Doors enjoyed another boast in sales in 1991 when this movie came out, but it was a great movie despite the shortcomings that an otherwise unsuspecting teenager (which I was at the time) would have fallen for had it not been for older and wiser peers.  Jim Morrison was an otherwise idealistic follow power kid from back East who came to California (as many did at the time and so many afterwards) for fun and sun.  He was more concerned with having fun and being a spacey poet lauriet, even if it was in his own mind.  Here he would meet his love, Pamela, and get together with three friends to form The Doors.  From there, it was all a heady haze of success, fame and self indulgence.  While the other Doors took drugs with him to expand their minds and satisfy their own curiousities, Jim dove head first into full blown addiction.  From there his life would turn into a haze of drug induced behavior, arrests, and lashing out at others.  I was glad that this movie made some signifigant points in the history of The Doors.  It was Robby the guitar player, not Jim, who wrote Light My Fire.  They made an historic appearence on the Ed Sullivan Show that outraged the network brass for saying "higher on their show rather than their censored rewrites.  And there was that infamous show in Miami that turned into an outright embarrassment where he whiped it out and showed us the Ivory White Shaft.  It's not so big a deal nowdays, but back then it was shocking and offensive unlike anyone had ever done.  And Val Kilmer was a dead ringer for the real Jim!  What prevented me from giving this 5 stars was the fact that they embellished many things and fabricated many things.  This Jim was really, really rude and unlikable, and I doubt even at his most obnoxiously drunk / high moment he would act so vain and self centered at all times.  That scene where he meets Nico from The Velvet Underground was not true according to many others.  His relationship with the pagan girfriend was left unresolved (although that is her in the pagan wedding scene between him and Kathleen Quinlan), when in real life she would end up aborting his child.  Even his strained relationship with the other Doors was left up in the air once he left for France.  And I have met enough people who really went to Doors concerts back in the day, and they were not really these huge naked drug orgies like they were portrayed in the movie.  Still, this was a good movie.  Know to see the forrest from the trees, and you will have a better time with it, but don't take it at face value.
 The Doors is one of music's most enduring rock groups, led by one of the 20th century's most interesting personalities Jim Morrison.  The movie, directed by Oliver Stone, is not a biopic, more of an "homage to the life, and the character of Jim Morrison.  The movie details his life, and his rise and fall in music, culminating in his death at 27.  The DVD features the same features from the earlier Special Edition, including Oliver Stone's commentary.  Included are 43 minutes or so of deleted scenes and a couple new featurettes.  Highly recommended.
 It kind of reminded me of "Sid and Nancy (Jim and Pam?), where a lot of liberties were taken to keep the story interesting, and mixed characters up, and the truth is in the music.  Ray Manzarek said in an interview that the Miami incident cost his father a promotion, even though Doors money continues to roll in to a father he considered "dead". Jim's background before he became famous to me is more interesting, what led up to the Lizard King that started as a chubby Navy brat. You can also go on You Tube and see some of the projects like "Hwy he worked on (should be on video, as should "Feast of Friends").  "No One Here Gets Out Alive was where a lot of the story comes from but a lot is left out.  As a movie, the music propels it, Morrison's poetry, and Val Kilmer really gets deep into it, definitely one of his most memorable roles, if not THE most. Irony that he was a Navy pilot in "Top Gun and was the rebel son of a Navy Admiral in this?  The members of The Doors all wrote books all worth checking out.
 Utterly absorbing bio-pic of Jim Morrison. The name Val Kilmer is, or should be, synonymous with incredible acting that is not merely natural or convincing, but immensely fun and commanding. You may have noticed while watching his recent Wonderland - Val has the ability to make a picture. Here, he IS The Doors
 Kilmer is Morrison in this movie, he acts and feels out what the man did and how he saw the way he did. This is a big winner and I like The Doors myself and this was a good one. Hooray for Oliver Stone for making this awsome movie. Long live Morrison
 I am a John Wayne fan & have over 70 of his movies in my collection.  I agree with Mr. Wu's description of the plot.  It is one of the better of John Wayne's grade B Republic movies.  It is the only movie in which John Wayne "sang & the dubbed in voice is definitely not John Wayne's voice.  John Wayne did not want to be a singing cowboy & it allowed others like Gene Autry & Roy Rogers to fill that role.  I was pleased that the film was reworked & the DVD had good audio & picture.
 The DVD was for my daughter and she loved it, she is a history buff so this was really fun to watch.
 This is Bob Hope's final NBC Special appearance at the age of 93 broadcast on November 23, 1996. He had been on broadcast television for 46 years.   With Tony Danza as host, they take you through time of all the Presidents of the United States Bob Hope has been in the company with as an emcee, speaker, host or special guest. Bob has entertained 11 Presidents from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Bill Clinton.  Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933-45), Harry S. Truman (1945-53), Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953-61), John F. Kennedy (1961-63), Lyndon B. Johnson (1963-69), Richard M. Nixon (1969-74), Gerald R. Ford (1974-77), Jimmy Carter (1977-81), Ronald Reagan (1981-89), George Herbert Walker Bush (1989-93), Bill Clinton (1993-2001).  Their are interviews with former President Ronald Reagan, Tom Selleck, Naomi Judd, Former President Gerald Ford, Former First Lady Betty Ford, Don Johnson, Former President George Bush, Former First Lady Barbara Bush, Ann-Margret, President Bill Clinton.   You will also see clips of
 I bought this for my grandson who is 5 so some of this is for kids older but he has enjoyed parts.  I think he will get much more out of it when he is a little older.  I do recommend it as a learning tool.
 I'm too old to have experienced School House Rock as a kid, but I'm familiar with much of the clever creative music as a result of attending many Bob Dorough gigs in the past couple decades. This material is fun, entertaining and educational, "dated or not. Bob is the musician composer behind those amazing catchy and intelligent songs.  In promo material for the Disney production, I saw not a single mention of Bob Dorough (although his name appears on the sidebar promos for other branded Schoolhouse Rock DVD's on the web site). So let me just say that Mr. Dorough deserves prominent billing as a key contributor to the core content, and the success, of the show. His name should be included in the promo material.  BTW, Bob is an amazing and unique jazz musician who is still performing and making great music well into his 80's; singing energetically (an understatement) while playing piano at the same time. Very difficult at any age. Bob still does it in uplifting and inimitable fashion.  Find him on the Internet, and see/hear him if you can. Bob Dorough is one of a kind.  And oh, by the way
 I am satisfied with this material, as a teacher.  My huge complaint is that there are too many advertisements at the beginning of the DVD that you are forced to click through, which is very time consuming. Teachers don't have time.  Teachers don't have a lot of money either.  So, to purchase a product with advertisements is disconcerting.  We purchase DVDs for the material.  We shouldn't be paying to be forced to click through advertisements.
 An absolute must for anyone with small children. Covers basic math and grammar as well as science and history, all delivered in musical jingles that are easy to remember for children. The only negative about this collection is that for some reason the volume level is extremely low, probably either poorly mastered from the original source or a poor conversion from the original mono broadcast. Even with the poor sound quality this gets four stars, fix the audio and it would get 10 stars.
 Whether you are buying this for yourself to reminisce about times gone by or you are going to use it as a teaching tool (I'm using it for both as I'm in my late 30s & grew up on School House Rock), this DVD will not disappoint.
 This DVD is a great blast from the past!!  I grew up with these videos in the 1970's and I forgot how funny (and generally educational) these videos were.  It's great to see them all again whenever I want.  How wacked is the video about the U.S. spreading to the west coast because we needed "elbow room"?  I don't think the Native People would appreciate that one.  I was disappointed in the extras.  Otherwise awesome!!
 I'm a teacher of adults, some of which speak Spanish. Putting the parts of speech to music helps them learn.
 My daughter (9 years old) loves this video and we now share this common connection. I'm one of the millions who grew up with these educational music videos. I'm glad that I have the chance to share with the next generation.  One minor issue with the video is the difference in sound level between the Disney advertisements at the beginning (loud!) and the part of the disc you really want to see (much softer.) Other than that, the sound and video production is fine.
 I bought 2 of these one for me to keep and one for my family and it is everything i had wanted. I was skeptical cause i wasnt sure if it had every skit but it does and ones i hadnt even seen before. It was well worth the money
 This video is wonderful. It has all the clips I enjoyed when I was a kid and some new ones that are equally entertaining and educational.  My five-year-old loves to watch it and it has already helped with our math facts and singing other parts of our assignments.
 I have fond memories of watching this series on ABC's Saturday Morning lineup as a child during the early 1980s.  I wish that ABC would resurrect the series, as I think that it makes otherwise bland academic subjects fun and engaging.  Given the questionable state of culture and education in our nation today, I think that Schoolhouse Rock looks better and better.
 I not only bought this video for my kids and kids of friends but also for some of my adult friends. It's not only educational it's also so much fun to watch. It sure brings back memories of my Saturday mornings as a kid. Kids today are missing out!
 I just met Bob/heard him play these songs at a coffee shop in the Colorado mountains (3 is a magic number, bill and conjunction junction).  It was an amazing trip down my childhood and I'm now ordering the DVD.
 This is the DVD I've been waiting for.  All of the Schoolhouse Rock cartoons are here.  You were either born at the right time to appreciate these or not, but they're (mostly) great.  The extras are (mostly) fantastic and the new one ("I'm Going To Send Your Vote To College") leaves me wanting more. Enjoy!
 This is the definitive collection. There are a few shortcomings, but they by no means detract from the overall package. You do get every SHR song (so they say) and the ability to play them in just about any combination you want, which pretty much sums up disc 1. You also get a wonderful documentary on disc 2 that is mainly about the new song, but also touches on some SHR history. There are some challenging trivia games and other oddities included as well, making this a well-rounded archive, but there are some curious omissions. I'll unpack "frustrating first. There is a top 20 list of SHR songs on disc 2, presumably from the on-line vote prior to this collection's release. Why not list all 46 with their vote totals/percentages? Why is this list on disc 2 and not on disc 1 as a play list option? There are also some fairly interesting (but not too revealing) commentaries for a couple of handfuls of tunes on disc 2. Why are these commentaries not on disc 1, and why not for all of the songs? Only 3 of the original 4 Scooter Computer songs are included, and the long-lost "Weather Show is obviously edited. A history of the failed Scooter Computer series would have been nice, as would an explanation of why the "Weather Show was pulled from circulation and then edited for this release. These items were omitted, but the Nike commercial was included? What were they thinking?! Don't let my griping turn you off. This set does contain a lot of nice touches, including some hidden features. Be sure to complete the trivia challenge for a special treat! If you love SHR, you cannot go wrong with this collection, despite its few flaws.  Darn, that's the end.
 Our whole family loves this DVD. It's a great tool to learning the basics. From the preamble, to the westward expansion to "Where the Money Goes, this is a great selection of videos to have on the shelf. Everyone will love it. Catchy tunes and great info!
 I remember these videos from my childhood and they really did help me learn.  I teach at a very small school and will use them to help some of my students.
 Thanks for the prompt delivery of the product. Schoolhouse rock was something I grew up watching Saturday mornings and it still has something to offer for young children today. My wife is a school teacher and will likely use it in her classes.
 These timeless vignettes covering the four core basics of education are a fun and entertaining way of picking up those little facts that so often allude us. Having them on one dvd is a great help for a parent or teacher, or even a student. It is all localized and easy to use. It does have a factor of dating to the topic, but it is still very acceptable. JoAnne Dandin
 I learned a lot from these videos.  I hope my granddaughters learn a lot from them as well.
 I love this video. It reminds me of Saturday mornings when I was a kid.
 what a sheer joy to recieve this double cd in australia..jack sheldon.bob dorough,dave frisberg,blossom dearie and possibly a few others of jazz heratige;all adding their distinctive voices and delivery to a bunch of early primary school lyrics with a purpose..blossoms "figure 8 is a masterpiece of childish innocence enhanced by simple animation (the upturned nose on the little schoolgirl) while the irreplaceable jack sheldon in "conjunction junction  is still alive and singing in los angeles to this day.,   by the way if you ever have the opportunity to visit the annual deleware water gap "celebration of the arts in september you can expect to hear bob dorough presiding over the childrens tent!!..a hardy lot these jazz icons.....
 I technically grade this 4.5 stars 
 I'm very pleased to have found this School House Rock dvd!  My kids 11 & 6 actually sit, jump, and sing "together peacefully enjoying the shows!
 I got this for my 3rd grader's classroom to use.  My son comes home telling me about how they use it for the various subjects they're studying,singing the songs that I still remember from 30+(was it that long?)years ago when cartoons were only on Saturday mornings.  It was more than worth the price-an excellent bargain.  Thanks!
 I have found that there is much to be valuable with my third graders. Music is a great medium to anchor learning. Some of the music is "dated but the kids still love it.
 This product was exactly what I was looking for - all the School House Rocks! favorites for my kids.  No real complaints, but things to point out to would-be purchasers
 Love it - reminds me of my childhood and now my kids are enjoying it!
 I ordered this DVD for my son, because I had such wonderful memories of School House Rock episodes from Saturday mornings during my childhood. (I learned my time-tables through school house rock, and even learned the preamble to the constitution!) While I did very much enjoy reliving the episodes from my childhood, I found the DVD very difficult to navigate.
 I was thrilled when I came across this DVD. I myself own the original vhs copies of School House Rock, but they were starting to get damaged when I decided to buy the dvd. Has all the remembered favorites in a "jukebox setting.  I agree that the Disney folks did go overboard on the advertising, but hey, it's only the first section of the dvd, I just skipped buy it.  When I put the dvd in my player, I had to turn the volume up extremely loud to hear it, that is my only complaint about the disk. It's awesome to have all my childhood fav's on one DVD. I would recommend for anyone, young or old!
 My 7 year old son and I watch this whenever he is working through language arts and may have forgotten the nuances of an adverb vs. and adjective.  He is really enjoying the patriotic songs about the pilgrims, colonies, revolutionary war.  He has learned alot about things like taking care of the earth, how a bill goes through the process of becoming a law.  I forgot how fun it is to watch these cartoons and the tunes are still catchy.  My only complaint is the quality of the sound.  Some are better or worse than others.  We get around this these days by turning on the close caption so that we can read along too.
 Perfect little intro dvd for a HOST of different topics of study.  I bought it for the science section to play as intro to my early elementary students.  Great info in a short amount of time without all the fluff that the Magic School Bus videos toss in.
 Watching these Schoolhouse Rock classics with my children was awesome.  Not only did it take me back to my childhood, but now my children will grow up remembering these catchy educational tunes.
 it is a good way for me to study for things that we talk about in history like for ex
 Boy, was it fun reliving conjunction junction and I'm only a Bill with our son who is 4...he was intrigued by it right at the outset, prompting him to ask questions about concepts that may be a little old for him how (what's an adjective, mom?) - the DVD will last a while in our house.  The only complaint (and the reason I didn't grade this DVD 5 stars), is the number of menus you have to go through to get the DVD to play all the vignettes in a row.  It's great that the DVD is structured so you can pick out which ones you want to play, but with over 260 minutes of vignettes, I don't know too many people that are going to use their arrow keys to pick and choose their way through the TWO discs it comes with.  In the next version, figure out a way to structure the upfront menus to be more user friendly, easier to move around and less cumbersome.
 My godchildren love the educational Schoolhouse Rock tunes today as much as I did decades ago. One problem... The DVD stops after each segment as opposed to playing straight through. I have found that children quickly loose interest in the time it takes to scroll through the menu to the next song... However not quite as rapidly as their parents become frustrated with the stop, scroll and click routine. Totally nostalgic, just as much fun for adults.
 It was as good as it was when I was growing up.  I use it for my second grade class and it works great. They are learning adjectives, nouns, adverbs and the like to catchy tunes.
 I'm not sure if I initially wanted to buy this CD for my own memories or just for my son.  Either way, it turns out we both enjoy it so much, and it's a really cool thing to share something with your child that you enjoyed as a child yourself!  He's three, and when I told him this was a show I used to watch, he was very intrigued.  He's watched it many times by now, and he knows the words to several of the songs.  His favorite, to my heart's joy, is the same one I loved most as a child -- "Conjunction Junction".  He would run around the house singing it constantly when he first learned it!  Some people feel this series is just too out-of-date, but I don't think little ones really care about that.  All we know is that it's a lot of fun and definitely worth the buy!
 I love the product - our 2-year old can watch them.  The menu program is a little cumbersome as you have to go through it completely each time if you want the shuffle program.  The product is good though and still catchy as I remember seeing on saturday mornings.
 I remember these from when I was a kid, and got them as a birthday present for my friends' kids who are just learning how to read. They love it as much as I do, and helps with learning the english language, counting, and how our government operates.
 It is just as I remembered it.  Good price.  My daughter loves it.
 I am a little bummed, it took the seller too long to get me my dvd's and when I play them they stutter.  If I fast forward a little bit and then rewind the stuttering goes away.  I don't know if it's the machine or the dvd.
 I remember Schoolhouse Rock from childhood (as do many of my friends I found out, when we were reminiscing one day).  I wondered if there was a way to expose my daugther to the songs to let her enjoy them too.  I found a CD collection at a local store, but when I searched on Amazon and saw the DVD with EVERY Schoolhouse Rock video ever made, I had to have it! (Interjection) She loves the CD's and the DVD.  The DVD allows for great flexibility in playing her favorite songs, in whichever order she desires.  As she is 2 1/2, that means playing "Loli, Loli, Loli", and "Conjunction Junction over-and-over again.   There is also a nice section of bonus material which has a voice over interview with the creators of Schoolhouse Rock discussing the videos you are watching.   My only complaint centers around the America Rock group of videos.  A history lesson addressed to primarily white children of the 70's, really looks like a white-washing of history in today's more ethnically aware society.  "Elbow Room and the other America Rock videos don't address the more troubling parts of America's past (i.e. the treatment of native Americans and of slaves).  Really, these are impossible issues for funny video's to cover, so I would have suggested leaving the history part out.   Overall, these videos are wonderful.  I'm not sure how much I learned from them, but they are a lot of fun and if my daughter is any indication, a entirely new generation of kids will embrace them as well.
 There's a lot to like about Schoolhouse Rock. I grew up watching it just like everybody else my age. Looking back on it now, sure, the nostalgia factor is high.  But sometimes, the various segments can be factually inaccurate.  For example, the "Verb song identifies "batting as a verb, when it's actually a gerund that acts as a noun in a sentence. Example
 The song "Unpack Your Adjectives". I remember since Saturday Dec. 28th, 1974 the day I heard this song I was very depressed, and unfortunately, my mom was not in the most supporting manner that day. She said she was tired of my complaining, and she was sick of my not smiling anymore. I am crying now whenever I hear this song. I know that growing up my family always wanted me to smile, and that there was no room for complaining, frowning, and other things that just didn't make for positive behavior. I know I am still haunted by this 32 years later; I pretty much played this for my son on the dvd, and since then the memories have flooded back. I know that I played it tonight, and after putting my son to bed I cried like a baby. It's crippled me emotionally, and now I'm going to find out why, so that way I can begin to put this behind me. I know that 2 weeks prior to this I stopped talking to at the time my best friend as he wanted me to break into a abandoned house. I told him "No", and he responds by ripping my jacket up with a small pocket knife. I don't know if this has anything to do with why this song makes me so down and depressed, or not. I feel that other than this, and Eisner the rest of this collection is very good. I remember listening to this when I was younger, and I wanted to make this something my son can remember.
 This DVD(s) takes you back to Saturday morning cartoons.  Before cable/dish.  You will find your children singing the songs soon after putting the DVD in.  It gives you choices to watch what you want, watch them randomly, in order, or by theme.  My wife and I watched our favorites first.  It is amazing how the songs are still in my memory.  The price is right too, cheaper than I could get it locally.  My only complaint is that the sound quality seems a bit poor, and that kept me from giving 5 stars.
 I really enjoyed this. It brings back wonderful memories.  The one negative of the cd is the preview of upcoming vids by Disney. It is cumbersome to go through.
 Having never seen the orginal School House Rock (SHR) classics when they first appeared on tv in the early 80s, I rented these DVDs from my local library out of personal curiosity. I was amazed by how incredibly brilliant these educational cartoon musical shorts are. The songs are ingenious, the music is exceptionally high quality and enjoyable to listen to. Of course I had to own it.  Now, we most often play the SHR DVDs in the car during long drives. The DVDs are a great way to make the drive seem shorter and I honestly hear my kids learning valuable ideas, information, grammar and math skills with every passing mile.  The only thing I'd say is annoying about the DVD setis the format in which the songs are placed on the DVD. All the shorts are broken up by category, such as math, science, social studes, etc. This is nice in concept, but whoever compiled and programmed the DVD forgot to include a "Play All feature.  As we use the DVDs primarily while driving, this becomes a problem because the whole DVD won't play end-to-end, therefore, requiring frequent fiddling with the DVD -- no easy feat when you're driving AND trying to advance the programform the front.  This aside, the School House Rock DVD collection is the most popular addition to our educational DVD collection.
 I'd like to address some of the criticisms made in earlier reviews about this film and offer my interpretation. The main criticism seems to be twofold
 I bought this Blu-ray as part of a Shaw Bros. three-pack, where it was bundled with THE HEROIC ONES and THE DELIGHTFUL FOREST. I'd seen BROTHERS FIVE (1970) on Celestial Pictures' Region 3 DVD and liked it a great deal, but it looks just magnificent on Blu-ray. It helps that the frequent action scenes tend to be shot outdoors in broad daylight amid picturesque Taiwanese settings or on large well-lit interior sets, such as the one where the climactic showdown between the Brothers Five and the lead villain is played out. The action directors stage the fights so that they play out in long takes with the camera placed at medium long shot, capturing all the combatants in frame from head to toe and moving with them as they fight. This means the performers have to show some actual skill as they are called on to execute a series of intricate maneuvers in real time and shift their attention from one opponent to another, since most of the fight scenes involve multiple combatants. It's all quite spectacular and looks great on a widescreen TV. This is the way such action scenes should be shot.  The film features a large cast of top Shaw Bros. performers on both the hero and villain sides, led by female star Cheng Pei Pei (COME DRINK WITH ME, GOLDEN SWALLOW), who plays a swordswoman who seeks to reunite the five brothers (separated since childhood) and teach them "Five Tigers with One Heart kung fu so they can successfully defeat Master Long Zhen Feng (Tien Feng) who'd killed the brothers' father and taken over his estate, known as Flying Dragon Villa. The brothers are played by Yueh Hua (COME DRINK WITH ME), Chang Yi (BELLS OF DEATH), Lo Lieh (FIVE FINGERS OF DEATH), Chin Han (LADY GENERAL HUA MULAN), and Kao Yuan (THE JADE FACED ASSASSIN). Each uses a different weapon in battle, with Yueh Hua favoring a metal ring with sharp edges that doubles as a hat, Lo Lieh wielding a black whip, and Chin Han swinging a blacksmith's hammer, to name three. (The villains also have unusual weapons.)  The simple plot has no room for the moral complexity, emotional interactions and conflicts of loyalty you'd get in a Chang Cheh epic from that period (e.g. THE DUEL, BLOOD BROTHERS). Here the good guys and bad guys are all clearly marked and the script sets them in motion against each other with unabashed regularity. The film was directed by Lo Wei, who worked regularly at both Shaw Bros. and Golden Harvest and made Bruce Lee's first two starring films. The action directors are listed as Hsu Erh Niu and Chu Yuan Lung, better known, respectively, as Simon Hsu and Sammo Hung. Mr. Hsu is one of the unsung geniuses behind Shaw Bros. swordplay movies of the late 1960s and early 1970s and his work can be seen in quite a few above-average entries in the genre, including THE SHADOW WHIP, DUEL FOR GOLD, BLACK TAVERN and FLYING GUILLOTINE. Mr. Hung, of course, went on to become a major director and star of Hong Kong action movies in his own right, co-starring frequently with Jackie Chan, and he continues to direct action scenes in Hong Kong movies (including IP MAN and IP MAN 2). He plays a small, but noticeable fighting role in this film as a guard working for one of the brothers when their caravan is attacked by the bad guys.  The only problem I have with the Blu-ray is the blurriness of the image whenever there's a long panning shot by the camera, a move favored in many old Shaw Bros. movies. I suspect that this would not be such a problem in an analog format, although I don't have a 35mm film print or VHS copy of BROTHERS FIVE with which to compare.
 Let's clear this from the start
 Dispite some people's opinions, G Gundam is a good anime series.  If you're a Gundam fan and watch the show because of its military theme, this show might not be for you.  In its own right it is still a great show, its just not the Gundam we're all used to.  I suggest getting the whole series, or a box set or something.  Buying only one DVD may leave you wanting for more.  This show is an older anime series (older meaning mid 1990s and earlier and lacking digital enhancement etc.), so the animation is not as sharp as some of the newer ones.  The great thing about G Gundam is that it personifies the gundams.  Each fighter has his own style, and because of a piloting system (which blows the ones used in other Gundam series away), the mobile suits effectively embody the fighters themselves.  These gundams also do more than those in other gundam shows because they can move any way the fighter can.  !CAUTION!  What I say here might offend DBZ fans
 The Yellow Sea is a South Korean thriller. Gu-Nam is given the opportunity to clear his debt by killing a man in South Korea; a chain of unfortunate events occur that leave Gu-Nam as the target.  The Yellow Sea starts off with a slow pace for the first hour. It's not dreadfully slow, but I think it's a bit slower than you'd expect if you're a fan of The Chaser. I loved the chase scenes in this film, the scale of them were significantly upgraded; whether Gu-Nam is being chase by dozens of police officers and several police cars at the same time or being chased by several thugs with knives and hatchets, the chase scenes were exhilarating and the definition of "edge-of-your-seat". The story is a lot deeper than what I mentioned previously, but I don't want to spoil anything. It really has amazing ending that breaks away from the Hollywood formula. The acting was brilliant, direction was great, and the music was amazing (the song at the credits was amazing; I sat through the credits just to listen to it!)  I feel obligated to comment on the cut/uncut issues in this film. I have not seen the original full-length version and do not appreciate Fox International Productions cutting so much from this film. It messes with the filmmakers true vision and it shouldn't be acceptable (that is if they made these edits without the director's permission). But, this does not completely destroy the film. Also, another reviewer mentioned something about the movie feeling like it was cut from NC-17 to PG-13, again feel to obligated to mention, you should not watch this with anyone under 17; there are alot of bloody knife/hatchet fights and plenty of full nudity sex scenes to justify an R rating (although a bit exaggerated, I understand where the reviewer is coming from, it shouldn't have been cut in the first place). I only dropped the score 1 star because of the cuts, I personally don't feel like it's a 1 star movie. I would love to see the raw film, though.  Overall, I highly recommend The Yellow Sea. It's another wonderful film from South Korea. As of 9/3/12, the cut version is available on Netflix Streaming.  This film has strong violence and blood, it also has multiple sex scenes and nudity (the sex scenes are vivid).  *I originally posted this review on the DVD version of this film.
 <a href="http
 Despite the film's division into two parts, I think the Chushingura is best understood as a complicated story told in three acts. The first act, culminating in the seppuku of Lord Asano, details the conflict between the young lord and Kira, the Shogun's master of ceremonies, and is, in my opinion, the most interesting as it unfolds logically, tragically, and inevitably towards the spilling of blood in the Shogun's castle.  Asano and Kira, at least in this stage of the film, are fully realized and three-dimensional characters, and their conflict can be understood on several levels
 Based on actual events, the story of the loyal 47 ronin is probably the most dramatized story in Japanese theatrical tradition. Appearing originally as a bunraku puppet play, it was soon followed by a fantastically successful Kabuki adaptations and more than eight cinematic versions.  Its enduring popularity is based on the core Japanese values it represents; loyalty to a superior, at the cost of all things including life, love and personal happiness.  Like the Western King Arthur and Robin Hood, the 47 ronin have passed from history to legend.  This version, "Chushingura (Full Japanese title is "Chushingura
 This is one of the best movies about samurais anywhere and provides a masterful telling of the 47 ronin story.  It is a shame that the dvd picture quality does not do the movie justice.  The movie deserves a good print and this is not it.  You'd think for the price Image Entertainment would do better.
 "Chushingura, which translates into the word loyalty, is a different kind of samurai film. First, and foremost, it is mainly a drama that unfolds into two parts. Directed by Hiroshi Inagaki, the films deals primarily with loyalty. And in specific, loyalty to ones Lord. In Part I, titled "Blossoms the viewer is introduced to the films first protagonist  named Lord Asano (Yuzo Kayami). Lord Asano is an honorable man, however, during the Tokugawa era, bribery and corruption were part and parcel of the function of the state. Which introduces us to the films antagonist, Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa). Lord Asano belongs to those class of samurai who do not believe in the giving of gifts for advancement. However, there are others within the state which believe it is their right to claim gifts as a right of one position that permeated the state of affairs in the Tokugawa era.  Therefore, this will lead to a confrontation between Lord Asano and Lord Kira. It was forbidden to draw ones sword in the Shoguns castle, and when Lord Asano does so due to the egging of Lord Kira, he will be forced to commit Seppuku (ritual suicide). But more importantly, his clan will be dissolved and his vassals will become ronin (Masterless Samurai). It is here that loyalty is the heart of this films narrative. On the cover of the DVD, one can see the portrait of actor Toshiro Mifune, who portrays the character Tawaraboshi, who excels in the use of the lance. However, his part in the film, although important, is very small, as is that of the great actor Takashi Shimura. The primary protagonist is aptly portrayed by actor Koshiro Matsumoto, as Lord Asano's Chamberlain. It is at his urging that the clan, which has now been dissolved, set into motion plans to kill Lord Kira, whom they believe was the fault for their Lord's death and their clans demise. I really liked his character in the film quite a bit, and believe his performance carried the film. As well as the degenerate and deceitful character of Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa)  As I mentioned in the beginning, the film falls into two parts. Part I titled BLOSSOMS and Part II titled SNOW. The film is very long, and it is more of a drama, in which the climax of the film is where ALL of the action is. However, I do like this film quite a lot. The film requires patience, and while it does drag in the middle part, CHUSHINGURA is nonetheless a film that you might want to add to you cinema collection. The cinematography of this 1962 classic is stellar, as the visuals only add to the beauty of this particular film. And once again, this is more of a drama based Samurai film, with more political intrigue of how the 47 ronin are setting into motion the events which will manifest itself in the ending. This is an excellent film, in which the DVD needs to be redone befitting this truly great samurai film.  The story of the legendary 47 loyal samurai, who are now masterless [ronin] due to the treachery which led to their master Lord Asano's ritual suicide during the Tokugawa era is well known in Japan. The films story progresses in different phases showing the confrontation and differences between Lord Asano and Kira. Further, after Asano's death, and time begins to elapse, these 47 ronin set out to avenge their former masters death. Part of their code of honor. The film at times seems long, however it is rich in its thematic structure and the cinematography is beautiful. Plus the viewer is able to follow how the pacification of Japan, in contrast to the samurai code of honor during the Tokugawa shogunate altered the status of the samurai. Times were changing, yet the samurai had a code which was at odds with these changing times. The intense and famous battle in the snow is very good. As I wrote in the beginning, the film is great, however, the DVD does need an upgrade. It is well worth the purchase. Rent it first to see if it appeals to you. I found the film highly enjoyable and a welcome addition to my film library. Highly recommended. [Stars
 Chushingura is not for the casual viewer of Japanese film. Directed by Inagaki (who did the Samurai Trilogy aka Musashi), the film is not only slow-paced but almost impenetrably dense... and neither of those adjectives is a complaint. The original bunraku (puppet) and Kabuki versions are 8 hours long, I think, and Inagaki tries to condense that into 3.5 hours. I'm not sure he succeeds, and even if he did, Western audiences are at a huge disadvantage, because the story is as familiar to Japanese audiences as the Nativity is to the average Westerner, so a few sentences can reference an entire sequence of events.  For Westerners, the other problem will be that the focus is on the story, at the expense of individual characters. Kurosawa is much more Western in his characterizations. We get a strong sense of the individual in his films, whether it's Sanjuro (Mifune's ronin in Yojimbo) or a rather silly adolescent would-be "gambler with about two minutes on screen. In Chushingura, we are overwhelmed with unfamiliar actors playing characters who mean almost nothing to us, characters with inner lives we can only presume. There is a point at the end where you will realize that what you thought was one love story was in fact two, involving four different people with a more than casual resemblance to each other. A major character (Sampei) appears almost as a background figure four or five times before we grasp his importance. Another major character simply disappears from the plot, his story unfinished. Toshiro Mifune's role is a source of total puzzlement until he takes a unique role in the last battle.  That said, the movie is a visual delight. The colors are breathtaking; the rendering of feudal Japanese values is lucid, and the climactic battle has some of the best swordplay I've ever seen. A nameless samurai appears once in the film, for about five minutes of fighting that suggests he may have been the equal of the incomparable Musashi. Like The Samurai Trilogy (and the Yoshikawa novel it's based on), this film is uncompromisingly Japanese. It is not a great film, but a very good one, and a unique experience.
 Hiroshi Inagaki let his success as a tour guide smother his instincts as a story teller in this "epic account of feudal Japan. I saw it decades ago, and I vaguely recall being impressed by its scope and even more by the 'samurai aesthetic' it depicted. It may even have influenced my decision to study Japanese and live in Japan for a year. It certainly covered the ground
 My husband and I were eagerly anticipating THE NOMI SONG, Andrew Horn's by-turns witty and poignant documentary about Klaus Nomi, the German singer/performance artist with the multi-octave range who took New York and then the world by storm for a brief, exciting period in the late 1970s and '80s.  Nomi, with his outer space alien persona, was so avant-garde that even the avant-garde set wasn't quite sure what to make of him, but loved him all the same before his tragic death from AIDS (this was back when AIDS was still new and scary and known as "gay cancer").  Our 8-year-old daughter liked Nomi's "high, high voice and kooky costumes.  We adults liked the interviews with Ann Magnuson and other scene-makers from the era, as well as the chance to see such rarities as Nomi's 1979 performance with David Bowie on SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE (which I remember seeing during its live broadcast back in the day).  THE NOMI SONG also sports a treasure trove of DVD extras, including full-length musical performances, an Easter Egg feature for part-time pastry chef Nomi's lime tart recipe, and Lou Christie talking enthusiastically about Nomi's cover of his classic "Lightning Strikes Again (Christie kinda starts talking about himself, too, but it's interesting and endearing).  If you like 1980s New Wave music and all things offbeat, THE NOMI SONG is well worth seeking out.
 Don't say you're not interested in Klaus Nomi.  If you never heard of him, it doesn't matter.  If you want to hear something unique and extraordinary, here's Nomi, whose genre-defying, mind-bending mixture of styles is simply captivating.  And here's a documentary about his tragic short life, which itself is as captivating as his songs.  Born Klaus Sperber in Germany, Nomi became part of New Wave movement in New York in the late 70s.  And his eccentric style is still amazing to see.  Tightly clad in the bizarre costumes coming directly from grade-B sci-fi films with completely white-wasked face, Nomi appears as if giving an oracle, and when he starts to sing, what a song!  His is curious blend of pop and opera with beautiful falsetto.  He is literally a singing alien.  This documentary consists of the interviews with those how knew Nomi. What is revealed here may not be surprising to the viewers who have some knowledge about Nomi, but to the people like me, who are interested in the 70-80s, the comments and footages about him and the surrounding NY club scenes are still precious.  Sure, most of the footages are private films with bad image and sound quality, but they still vividly bring the feeling of the times to life.  Probably the most interesting moment in the film would be the song of David Bowie on Saturaday Night Live in 1979, in which Klaus Nomi appears one of the backsingers.  Clearly this is, or should be, the turning of Nomi's career, and after this point, many interviewees, quite honest about Nomi's complex personality, are not always kind to his behaviors.  Though Nomi is gone forever, his originality can be still felt if you watch the film.  With the lack of some materials (for instance, Bowie or the artists in Japan who briefly worked with him), and with less than satisfactory comments from Nomi himself, 'The Nomi Song' may not be as incisive as it should be, but still intriguing even for non-fans of Nomi.  Watch this, and buy his CDs if you want something very different.
 A movie about Nomi seemed like an impossible idea that only occurred during one of my daydreaming sessions. But yeah, here it is, called The Nomi Song, and neatly packed with an incredible amount of footage and home videos of Nomi which certainly satisfy my increasing frustration of the lack of video materials of Nomi available to the public. The story of Nomi is about extremity - a man who tries too hard to make his ideas come true, that he burns out so bright and fast before we are able to perceive what just happens. His life and music serve a strong influence to who I am today, and Nomi's firm desire and determination to exploit his creativity and become famous, that eventually led him to a situation where few people are willing to be in, always fascinates me that I ponder if I should burn my creativity like he did and if I have the gut to go to where he once had been.
 This is a loveling crafted portrait of Klaus Nomi and the New york art scene in the 80's. I absolutly recomend it for both those who want to discover or remember. My only objection is not enough K. N. full performances or videos clips in the extras (only 3), otherwise them that buy it!
 While I've always thought the actual music of Klaus Nomi is an acquired taste, there's no denying the influencial impact of his image/persona - and THE NOMI SONG captures this very well indeed, along with a poignant snapshot of a New York art/music scene that is, alas, no more - has it really been over two decades?  I was a kid when I was Klaus perform with Bowie on SNL, and it's really one of the most memorable performances on TV ever - but while the wealth of archive footage is amazing and absorbing, I really think the film suffers from a lack of key interviews, i.e. WHERE is back-up singer/dancer/collaborator JOEY ARIAS?  Certainly Arias is still workin' it in NYC with WIGSTOCK, etc and couldn't he have been approached to lend his insight into working so closely with Nomi on his stage show? Also, I really missed having even a brief interview with BOWIE - what did he see in Nomi to give him his big break that transformed his entire career? Aside from this, it's nice seeing all the "old faces again - and I hope this film at least re-energizes interest in Nomi.  However, I do pity the guy who got ripped off by RCA for stealing his songs on Nomi's LPs and never giving him royalties and/or credit?  That's just RAW.
 I recently became aware of Klaus Nomi and decided to order this DVD. I enjoyed it very much, and found it sad that his talent was overshadowed by his quirky look. He really was amazing and creative. I love that he was also a fabulous pastry chef!  Video shows many live performances and interviews with friends.  Good stuff.
 He truly was ahead of his time and gone too soon.  A mix of pop,new wave, opera and classical stylings that we have not seen since.  He needs to be seen as well as heard and I recommend this DVD if you already love him or want to know more about him.
 This is such a great film.  I am now addicted to Klaus.  THANKS ALOT!  I love the way they interview his Aunt and have a little cut out for her. The extra features are great too, especially the "Lime Tart recipe.  You must own this now!
 First off, let me say that this is definitely not one of the best Power Ranger series to date. Next, I have to say that this is admittedly a lot of fun. "Ninja Storm is a lot more light-hearted and funnier than the previous darker, more mature shows such as "Space or "Time Force, for that matter. Three misfit students from a ninja academy - Shane, the skateboarder guy (Pua Magasiva); Dustin the motocross guy (Glenn MacMillan) and Tori, the surfer loving gal (Sally Martin) are picked to be Power Rangers when the academy is destroyed by Lothor (Grant MacFarland) and his minions, who want to take over the Earth. They then use their powers to combat them, and are later joined by two new Rangers, the Crimson and Navy Thunder Rangers. Once you realize that this is mostly silly fun, "Ninja Storm is quite likeable. The script is bouncy, well-written, and quite funny (much like seasons one and two of "Mighty Morphin"), and the actors seem to have a lot of fun while doing this, and their enthusiam is quite infectious. The first "Ninja Storm DVD includes the first three episodes; "Prelude to a Storm, "There's No 'I' in Team, and "Beauty and the Beach. It's in it's original television format, has a cool interactive menu - unlike "Ultimate Rangers - and the picture and audio quality on the DVD outsurpasses those on the "Ultimate Rangers DVD. Sadly, there is no extras on the first PRNS DVD (unless you count an ABC Family ad for "Ninja Storm"), but overall the DVD is a better one than "Ultimate Rangers".  Highly recommended.
 I like this season. Its certainly better than the last few seasons, which were overly childish and hokey. This season is using more realistic ponits of view, with characters that aren't "model citizens (ex
 One of the reviewers states that the soap opera is not all chopped up. Rubi on DVD is edited and the often boring subplots are gone from this DVD version. Since some of the scenes are omitted there are some scenes that comment on action that has been editted out of this DVD collections. However, most of the major scenes are there.
 There are some shows that are great because they are meant for families, SCI FI fans, Western lovers, etc. Rubi is great because it is perfect at it's goal of pulling in the viewer and not letting go until the last Rubi-filled scene.  Barbara Mori is probably one of the most beautiful women God ever created and she fits well into her part as the vivacious Rubi. The ladies will have plenty of fun with the leading men as well. But this show is about Rubi, everyone else is mainly there to support her.  You do not need to understand Spanish to follow the plot. It is subtitled in English but that is not needed either really. The characters come off the screen and grab you and the story follows along well.  Rubi is a sinful treat that you will enjoy. I watched it with my wife and we had a ball. If Babrabra Mori needs a handsome Gringo for a stand-in I am available.
 Rubi was very interesting. I really liked Eduardo Santamarina , who played the Dr. Aleandro. He is an excellent actor. Everyone in the novela was good, however , Barbara Mori is not a great actress. Her character is never really developed , other than she's a gold digger. I felt let down at the end, she deserved something really bad for all the things she did. It's not a good ending.  But her character is so evil , sh's so bad, it's sort of funny. But I really love the scene near the finale, when Aleandro tells Rubi he's in love with Maribel, and tells Rubi he's never going back to her ever. Rubi was overall very enjoyable for me . I really love Yadhira Carillo, she was awesome!
 Una novela muy bonita ,pero el final esta inconcluso y no me gusto para nada.
 Me gusto la Edicion del Dvd, la verdad es que esta bien editado, y tiene mucha coherencia. Lo que no me gusto fue que le sacaron el tema de Reyli, La Descarada y pusieron otro que se llama Mala Mujer, pero esta bien, dentro de todo, no es mala la cancion, pero no tiene la Original. Despues note que la Musicalizacion no es la misma que la de la Transmision Televisiva. Los Extras son Muy Buenos, Contiene Bloopers y El Especial de Rubi contado por su sobrina y Loreto, aunque la parte final queda inconclusa. Tiene una Duracion de Mas de 780 Minutos y la Presentacion, la Portada y el Dise&ntilde;o esta Muy Lindo!!!
 It was pleasant to watch. It had lots of parts cut.  Pretty much all interesting parts were there.  Nice extras like bloopers.  Blopper very short I wished it had lots more bloopers.  Pretty happy.  I watched it twice on tv and dvd is decently close.
 The soap opera Rubi started so good, it was so quickly that in every episode you can see something exciting, unfortunately, with the huge succes of the soap opera Televisa ordered more episodes and there's when we had the problem, When we start to see the beginning of the end
 I've loved this soap opera since it came out some years ago. the fact that the main character is a beautiful and evil woman-instead of those poor girls who suffer and suffer eternally, you know, the usual main characters in soaps- caught my attention.  Although there are many scenes which don't appear on this 700-minute edition, you can easily understand why Rubi is so evil. I love her, and I love this edition. I would love them to release a full edition, with all the episodes! Barbara Mori is so hot! Every time she's on screen she makes me feel something, even though I'm not straight!
 it was good though you could tell some parts were missing. Apart from that I spent two straight days watching it and decided it was about time I take some spanish classes
 I love this TV novela! Rubi is evil, fun, beautiful. It's a very interesting story and I can say that it surpasses the original soap opera from the 1960s! the actors are incredible. Arturo Santamarina is so handsome! The edit is excellent too, great job!
 After watching dvd I was a little disapointed. This a good story but when they were editing they missed a lot of the what makes the main character do the things she does. I used to watch the series. When Rubi moved to Cancun there were a lot of real good outdoor shots they cut out. There wasn't enough good shots of surporting characters. I mean were at the beach! I would like the bonus material to be a lot more interesting. I think the production company rushed to get it out. Too bad if the ending was done right their could have been a sequel or two. Barbra Mori is going to be type cast in the future aka Rubi. (what a francise this could have been)
 I did not receive the 3rd double-sided CD for RUBI.... can someone make me a copy and please send it to me???
 "Manhunter seemed familiar, then I realized it was the original version of "Red Dragon the prequel to "Silence of the Lambs.  This version was made in 1986 and the first to feature Hannibal Lecter.  This is an almost forgotten movie, and I was surprised to find that Lecter (spelled "Lecktor in this version) had a very small part.  The plot involves a former FBI Agent, Will Graham (William Petersen) who returns to action to hunt down a serial killer.  Graham retired after catching Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox) and subsequently suffered a nervous breakdown.  His skill is an uncanny ability to get inside psychopaths' minds and solving crimes.  He is talked into helping the FBI again, although his sanity is fragile.  Graham does not want to see anymore mass murdered families and he can tell this serial killer is insane and determined.  The full moon and mirrors are the killer's initial clues.  This is an engrossing cat and mouse game that is riveting and well done.
 William Petersen, Brian Cox, Dennis Farina, Joan Allen and Tom Noonan star in Michael Mann's 1986 thriller based on the novel, "Red Dragon. A Retired FBI agent is sent to find  a killer. This comes 5 years before "Silence of the Lambs featuring Hannibal. It's definitely one of Mann's best that's very underrated and so is Brian's great performance as the original Hannibal. William and Tom are also great and I think they should've kept Tom's scenes with the tattoos. This dvd not only has good picture and sound, but the theatrical cut with Graham's restored missing dialogue and the trailer. I highly recommend this dvd because it's the best version.
 This film, Manhunter, is much better than its re-make--"Red Dragon"(?) with Edward Norton in the lead role.
 Although I have alot of respect for Sir Anthony Hopkins, I don't like his series of the Lector movies.  That's because they are "movies".  The difference between a movie and film is guality.  Movies can be exciting and have actors who can and cannot act in them.  Films are different.  They have good writing, directing, editing and acting.  Sir Anthony did his best, but one or two strong actors can do so much.  SoTL and Hannibal became horror movies instead of thrillers.  Of the players in these horror movies, I can only remember Sir Anthony and Jodie Foster.   With several relatively unknown actors and a TV director
 Based upon the wonderful, well written novel "Red Dragon by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox.  The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast.  This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal "In A Gadda Da Vita could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
 This is a great Michael Mann Film. It carries the same cinematography as Thief(1981). This one he uses his Miami Vice style sets and backdrops to create an interesting scary environment. William Peterson is a detective who consults back and forth with Hannibal Lecter(who is played brilliantly by Brian Cox) to help find another serial killer in the Florida area. He does help him and with the CrimeStory legend Dennis Farina who is assisting him as a cop on the trail of the same killer. The vicious killer is played by Tom Noonan who is great in this role and fits the character in Thomas Harris' book as well. They show different sides to him before Peterson comes close to catching him. A wonderful suspense thriller with interesting Rock Scores. Directed by Michael Mann William Peterson, Tom Noonan, Brian Cox, Joan Allen and Dennis Farina
 Let me start by saying this film, "Manhunter", is a fairly good adaptation of the book. Brian Cox portrays a mellower Hannibal Lecktor (as spelled in the ending credits, if I recall correctly). His performance is good, energetic, and he has the perfect face for an antagonist. His evil, however, does not show that much in this film, therefore he is not that scary, in my opinion. Obviously, he's killed people, and obviously his insanity comes back to haunt the semi-retired detective Will Graham, but I don't have any recollection of explanation about Hannibal's cannibalistic murders. Since we don't know much about the character, he is less scary, regardless of Brian Cox's good performance. Don't get me wrong; Hannibal is still really awesome in this movie! Will Graham, I thought, was portrayed well. He's haunted by his past with Dr. Lecktor, and now, working on this case again, he is disturbed because he must dig deep within the mind of the serial killer who is on the loose in order to figure out the mystery. The main problem that sticks out in this movie is the serial killer, Francis Dolarhyde, the Red Dragon. He is played well, but we don't have a real sense of his psyche. There isn't much explanation as to why he is brutally murdering people. And, his admiration of the Red Dragon painting is only mentioned about once or twice throughout the movie. Aside from these flaws, "Manhunter is a well-made film, with some creepy images, and it is delightful entertainment. It's a strange, different thriller, that depends on implied violence rather than graphic violence. The problem with this is that we don't always get a full look into the horror of the story. Still, I'd recommend it, because it's fun to watch and see some of the little differences between this and the superior 2002 version "Red Dragon". Both are creepy and entertaining films.
 People call  The Silence of the Lambs  the  First One,  and   Hannibal  its sequel. Although 'Silence' is more consistent and probably has a better ending, I like this movie better in some ways. William Peterson plays an intense but monotonous Wil Graham. Forced out of retirement to find the killer of two families, Wil seeks the help of Hannibal Lector, played by Brian Cox. The plot is basically the same as Silence, although Cox doesn't have nearly as much screen time as Hopkins.  Wil tells his son that Lector killed women  in bad ways.  As opposed to good ways? Since it was directed by Miami Vice's Michael Mann, Dennis Farina plays Jack Crawford, with his midwestern accent intact. The role was taken over by Scott Glen in 'Silence.'  The first forty-minutes are perfect; gruesome crime scenes,  a strong plot, a wheelchair-bound body engulfed in flames. Unfortunately, I think the movie sags in places and eventually runs out of gas. It would be much better without the horrible 80's music.  In a Gadda da Vida  you can take or leave.  Another thing that bothers me is that they always have to make psycho killers superhuman. You have to shoot them 27 times for them to fall down. And Graham's semi-descent back to near insanity is unconvincing, almost cheesy.  Despite its flaws, it remains one of the best thrillers around. Most thrillers aren't very thrilling. I first saw it as an impressionable teenager, and it's impact hasn't diminished. I hear they are going to remake and update it. Should be interesting.
 Michael Mann's 'Manhunter (1986)' is heavily embedded in the (now) unfashionable 80's milieu. Personally, I have a soft spot for everything associated with the 80's
 as hannibal lecter  really good movie with huge re watch value, moreso than the silence of the lambs which this is the prequel of
 The set, the music and especially the actors and director are excellent.  It is the best of the movies done with the Hannibal Lecter character.
 This a a goo dmovie in the Hannible series I am so sick of people who try to fight with me about it saying that its not part of it because either A They have never heard of it B Won't give a shot or C Have never seen it yes it is a little slow in some parts but the ending of it more than makes up for it I have not seen this version as of yet I am looking for it now tho so come on give it a shot dont think that just because you have seen red dragon that this one sucks (Even tho they ARE the same movies) this one has something that red dragon does n't have what is I just dont know but if you try it you might just like it alot
 Michael Mann (Heat) directs this 1986 film based on Thomas Harris' Hannibal Lecter novels
 This was the original movie adaptation of Thomas Harris' "Red Dragon. With Peterson and Farina, this was a good movie, but under the direction of Michael Mann, the colors and scenes screamed "Miami Vice. This is not a bad thing, but if you saw "Silence of the Lambs first with its dark, foreboding colors, then this will seem as a shock. Hannibal Lector is not as spooky in a well-lit, white cell. The center of the story is the former FBI agent who is brought back to find the newest psychopathic, serial killer, the Tooth Fairy. He must get into the mindset of the killer to stop him. This has happened before when he caught Dr. Lector. From that episode, he had trouble getting out of the mindset. Throughout the movie, you see him fighting to maintain who he is. It is a good movie. I would recommend seeing this before seeing the new movie "Red Dragon. I reviewed the VHS of this movie a long time ago (see review in this section), but the versions in this 2-disc set are different still.  One version, the one I've always considered the definitive version, is the one on LaserDisc and also for rent on VHS in video stores.  Version 2 is the crappy-transfer copy in this DVD set.  It looks like the opening titles were time-compressed into the first scene, and the picture quality is shoddy at best.  Version 3 is the Director's Cut.  The picture is clear and beautiful, but some interesting dialog sequences were cut out.  And Version 3 has added a scene with Graham and his wife about 2/3 into the film that interrupts the tempo of the film.  Skip Version 2 except for the fact that it offers some alternate takes and alternate scenes.  The picture quality is so bad it is insulting.  Version 3 looks GREAT, but Version 1, the version long available on VHS and LaserDisc, is the best version narratively.  I'm glad I own the DVD set, but when I want to watch this movie again I will always view the splendid LaserDisc version instead of the DVD.
 I think this is a pretty good movie -- I return to it to watch again every once in a while.  It's not perfect, but I think that Brian Cox is an excellent Hannibal Lector, and I think Peterson is very compelling in this role. I think Tom Noonan does a good job of showing a serial killer's human side.
 I like the Masterpiece Theater style crime stories.  This one is in that style. It focuses on the stress of the investigation and the interaction of the characters. It was not too horrific or over the top.
 Early William Peterson worth checking out. Another great story from Thomas Harris. Worth seeing even if you saw the later remake "Red Dragon with Edward Norton in the same role. There are parts of each I prefer over the other, so they compliment each other very well. You can decide for yourself which you see as being more true to the feel of the book.
 The first episode of Doctor Lecter, before "The Silence of the Lamb and "Hannibal". The Doctor is already in prison and he is already playing from there with some serial killers and the FBI. But the book is slightly still in construction, and the film is too. We do have the serial killer, and the new technique of profiling. But it is still not entirely squared out. The FBI man is still relying on his instinct, his sixth sense, his intuition, his inner eye to understand the feelings and the thoughts of the killer and capture him by being able to foresee what he is going to do. But that paranormal element is not convincing, though it is commonly used in some detective TV series. Thomas Harris is going to get to real profiling only in the next volume. Even the great visionary power of Doctor Lecter will become the unavoidable logic of the mind, of the psyche, of the deranged mental power of the insane doctor only then. He is a genius in his psychiatric field and his derangement gives him the capability to know no limits. But that is still to come. Here though Thomas Harris settles some accounts with journalists and has one burnt alive. He also settles some revenge with story telling and twists the story line in some unforeseen ways now and then. These moments are magic in a way since they are unexplained and they restart the dynamic of the tale that could have become humdrum. The story seems to settle some accounts with a couple of commonplace if not trite ideas. The whole logic of the killer is to think that his being seen over and over again by a women during the last five minutes of their lives as if their eyes were silver mirrors would lead him to be loved and to come to terms with his desire to kill. His last victim actually loves him in a way and/but she is blind. She loves him because she is blind and he kills her out of no reason and she will not be able to "see him when she dies. Of course that victim will survive because our FBI man-hunter will come into the picture unannounced. Thomas Harris also deals with the idea that all serial killers were boys who were mistreated when children, probably by their parents, even more probably somewhere by their mothers. That kind of a clich&eacute; is so simple that it does not sound true nor serious, some kind of a joke, maybe a big wink with a grin at the nasty and dirty mind of the reader. But this clich&eacute; will be present in absolutely all the Doctor Lecter books, in a way or another. In this case it is really superficial. It is interesting to see, after reading it, this first episode in the story of Doctor Lecter, first episode as it came out of the mind of its author because we can see and feel the genetic dimension of the saga, because it was to become a saga and today it even has become a cultish trip into criminal insanity.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
 An FBI agent William Graham (William L. Petersen) comes out of retirement to examine a set of bizarre murders of families. These murders are suspected to have been the work of notorious serial killer known as The Tooth Fairy. Interested enough by the case, Graham makes use of profiling, or tries to think exactly like the killer in order to gain clues regarding his various whereabouts. He consults the incarcerated psychopathic psychiatrist that put him into retirement through near-fatal violence, Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox), for further clues. Graham is put into considerable danger when Lecktor warns The Tooth Fairy via phone of the case. It is only a matter of time before The Tooth Fairy will create another victim.  Complicated, well acted, and absorbing, Manhunter is an original thriller that focuses on the unique psychological struggle to catch a heinous criminal.  Note
 Creepy and intense is what the book's author and the movie's director must have been going for, and do they ever deliver! Forget trying to compare this Lector to later versions, just get into the tale.  Watching Graham get into the mindset, seeing the detection methods, looking at the Tooth Fairy's pursuit of his next  victim  starting as something relatively benign and ending as nothing but.... it is all very gripping. If you like suspense, and good versus evil, and want to enjoy the ride, this is for you.
 Stylish crime thriller about a gifted FBI agent brought out of retirement to capture an elusive serial killer.  Manhunter  is most well known as the prequel to  Silence of the Lambs,  with the infamous character  Hannibal Lector  appearing in both films. The stories are linked in that Agent Graham, portrayed by William Peterson, is the FBI agent who captured Hannibal and consults with the deranged doctor to gain insight on a new killer nicknamed the  Tooth Fairy.   High point of the film is Tom Noonan who portrays the serial killer; his performance is remarkable and arguably makes this feature as good as  Silence of the Lambs.   I personally prefer it over the recent  Red Dragon  remake.  William Peterson's recent success in 'CSI' has probably renewed movie buffs' interest in this feature.  The twin disk set
 Michael Mann prefers to make a non-splatter film but to conduct a game of chess between life and death.Will Graham vs Hannibal Lektor
 MANHUNTER was a flop when it was released in the mid-1980s, but has enjoyed a much-deserved renaissance in the past few years with the box office success of HANNIBAL and SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.  And now, finally, it has been released on DVD for a second chance with audiences. The debate rages on as to whether MANHUNTER is the best of the trilogy, and you can read numerous postings below about this.  Personally, I think MANHUNTER is superior because it deals with the detailed investigation of horrific crimes versus the crimes themselves, its villain is much more terrifying because he's portrayed with more humanity, and the tone overall is creepy and serious versus horrific and campy. If you're seeing MANHUNTER for the first time and are a fan of the other two films, be forewarned that
 This is a highly entertaining, suspenseful, intelligent serial-killer movie. As you know, it's based on the Thomas Harris novel "Red Dragon", which was the "prequel to "Silence of the Lambs".  The plot involves FBI agent Will Graham, excellently portrayed by Will Petersen, who attempts to catch a warped (aren't they all?) serial killer nicknamed "The Tooth Fairy". For help, he consults Hannibal Lecter, portrayed by Englishman Brian Cox, who is institutionalized. Eventually, of course, he figures out the clues left by the killer and meets up with him in a dramatic, thrilling end scene.  The cinematography and the images are beautiful. The music, while disturbing, is perfect for the film. Tom Noonan plays the "Tooth Fairy", and does a great job of portraying a psychotic killer. He even injects some humanity/sympathy into the role, making it all the more fascinating to watch. I did not find Hannibal Lecter "scary or even creepy, for some reason. Interesting, of course, and a great foil for our hero.  Better than "Silence of the Lambs"? Not sure. But it is undoubtedly a great movie, with top-notch acting, a creepy psycho, a likeable hero, and a thrilling ending. My only complaint is that the "red dragon symbol and its meaning to the killer was never fully explained (maybe it is in the book).
 I have always felt that Anthony Hopkins portrayal of Hannibal Lecter was superfluous and even campy, which is why I was sad to hear that Brian Cox would not accept the role in   Silence of the Lambs.  Nevertheless, I went to see  Red Dragon  this weekend with some friends and I was thoroughly disappointed. In my opinion  Manhunter  is the original  Red Dragon  and for its time a far better product than the new release. Anthony Hopkins is joke in my book, and he completely ruins the movie. He is the complete antithesis of what Harris had in mind for the literary character of the insane Dr Lecter. For those of you who want save some money and see the original  Red Dragon , I suggest that one purchase  Manhunter  before you see  Red Dragon.   The only thing I will say about  Red Dragon  was that the Cinematography was better (obviously due to technological advances in the last fourteen years), and the portrayal of the Red Dragon serial killer was a little better. But at the end of the day give me Brian Cox as Lecter and William Peterson as Agent Graham in  Manhunter  versus Hopkins and Norton in   Red Dragon.  Sad to say I love both Hopkins and Norton in other films.
 MANHUNTER (1986) was the film that really put Michael Mann (then of TV's mega-successful Miami Vice) on the cinematic map. Initially overlooked by most people upon release, it went on to cult video status before being cast into the spotlight due to the critical and commercial success of THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS (1991). In 1986, the films that were most popular were smart teen comedies like PRETTY IN PINK, intelligent adult comedies such as DOWN AND OUT IN BEVERLY HILLS and RUTHLESS PEOPLE, and brain-dead action fare a` la PREDATOR; therefore, a story-centered thriller that depended mainly on character development and gradual buildup of suspense just couldn't hope to find an audience at the time.  Fortunately, MANHUNTER has survived to become one of video's greatest success stories of all time. The film has a lyrical quality to it; it begins and ends in the same place, on the beach.  The first shot is taken at sunrise; the last shot is at sunset. The music is atmospheric, beautiful, and in its own subtle way, does more to help in the creation of suspense than the usual deafening action-film soundtracks.  Michael Mann's direction focuses more on people's faces to tell the story, rather than action and cheap shocks. There are a couple of *necessary* bloody scenes (after all, the plot concerns an FBI agent on the trail of a serial killer), but these are used to inform the brutality being depicted in the film, and do not exist for the sake of sensationalism.  The ending is very well-done; I particularly like the way Michael Mann incorporates the long version of the Iron Butterfly '60's classic "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida to build the suspense of this unforgettable climax. My only complaint is that they end the song slightly before it actually ends, therefore depriving us of the thrill of the final "da-da-dada-da-da-DA! Maybe they can fix this for another DVD release. 
 First of all, this is far better than 'Red Dragon,' the 2001 remake of this film.  Credit goes to Michael Man and William Petersen. Petersen's Will Graham is a much more damaged soul than the world realizes, and he is far underappreciate for his ability to convey intense emotion in the subtlest way.  He also nicely handles the fragile line that separates the Lecter's from the rest of the world, and how close we all are to becoming Lecter's. Mann is one of the best at conveying the poetry of urban life.  While this isn't as typical of his style, he does manage to turn some ordinary places into terrific visuals. This films Dollarhyde is also far more frightening.  When the climax reveals his identity, it chills you to realize how 'normal' he is. This film really does seem to work better for the story than the remake.  It's not a big-budget story, but definitely fares better for those who like for films to engage their minds.
 This is the film version of the first Thomas Harris novel to feature Hannibal Lecter, Red Dragon.  It involves an FBI agent Will Graham's (CSI's William Petersen) hunt for another serial killer, the  Tooth Fairy .  Graham is the only person ever to grapple with Lecter and live; and he gained a scar (and Lecter's respect) as a result.   The way Graham catches killers is by thinking like them.  This causes him no end of grief as he discovers things about himself.  The Lecter link is the same as in Silence of the Lambs, he simply gives clues to the agent to help him find the killer.   This is not a terrific film, but it is very good.  The mood is set from the beginning; even the romantic scenes with Graham and his wife are lit in blue to convey a certain "coldness.  Petersen is the star here and his performance hits all the right notes.  Graham portrays every common emotion and especially the uncommon ones, with great zeal.  He's really working here.  (In an interview he said that he had gone directly to another role, but still found himself "playing Graham.")  Tom Noonan gives a creepy, yet vulnerable, performance as Francis Dollarhyde, the "Tooth Fairy, and Brian Cox is sufficiently creepy as Lecter, although his acting is a different style than that of Anthony Hopkins (one tries not to compare the two, though it seems impossible given the circumstances), he still feels like the same character.  In addition, Joan Allen shows her extensive ability here in an early role as the blind co-worker/lover/victim of Dollarhyde.   My only complaint is that the film has a certain  TV  look and feel to it.   One thing is for certain
 I was suprised at how many people thought this was perfact from start to finsh. The tooth fairy(the killer) walking around like normal blasting away at the FBI? The final in the Slice of the Lambs! Now thats a great and spookey end, but I can't cut Manhunter down to much, because up until that point the is a masterpiece in thrillers. I'm still glad that I only rented this and did not buy it.
 Interesting prequel to 'The Silence of the lambs' and 'Hannibal'. 'Manhunter' is a dark thriller with some great acting and nice touches. Tom Noonan (Kain in 'RoboCop 2) is sinister as Francis, or known by the FBI as the 'Tooth Fairy' because he leaves bite marks in his victims skin. This film is very, if not too similar to 'Silence of the lambs' in the sense we have a somewhat maverick agent going after a nutter and ending in bloodshed. But 'Manhunter' can stand alone as a decent thriller worth watching. Brian Cox is wonderful as sophisticated psycho Hannibal Lecter (Spelt 'Lektor' in this film).
 I can't believe this film only recived 3 stars in theaters!  I think the film, effects, and acting are supurb!  And how about Brian Cox? He was a fasinating Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor, not Lector as it is in the  books and Silence of the Lambs) I think Brian Cox played Lector more how he  is potrayed in the book, The Red Dragon. I'm not saying Sr. Anthony Hopkins  didn't do a supurb job playing Lector in Silence of the Lambs...he did,  he's also my favorite actor, but I just pictured Brian Cox when I read all  3 books. The only complaint I have is the ending. I didn't think the ending  was as good as it could have been, I wish it would have ended more like the  book. I also wish that Lektor would have been in it a little more, like the  book, but still I was thrilled to find and watch this movie, I was so  surprised to find that most Silence of the Lambs fans knew nothing of  Manhunter...I love both movies and can't wait to see Hannibal...but I must  put my vote behind Manhunter. If you haven't seen it you don't know what  you're missing!  Oh...I was wondering...I keep hearing that this is not  the original movie and that the original is longer and more like the book,  but they dicontinued it. If that's true, does anyone know how to find it?
 I was going to try and talk about  Manhunter  without mentioning  Silence of the Lambs , but as someone once said, if you try not to think about elephants, all you can really think about are elephants.  And really, would I ever come near this movie if I didn't have a  Silence  fetish?  Probably not. The main difference between  Silence  and  Manhunter , from what I saw, is that in the former the chief investigator, who's also the chief victim in a way, was a woman.  There isn't the same sense of menace here, for we believe that protagonist Will Graham is more than capable of going mano a mano with the horror he is searching for.  Clarice Starling, for all her put-on gruff exterior, never gave us such confidence.  Which made her triumph that much more surprising.  And rather than being a psychological horror movie,  Manhunter  is a quaint little police procedural.  It focuses more on the work of the cops (a lot of which is done against the clock) rather than the mind of the serial killer. Director Michael Mann, who in 1986 was best known as the brawn behind  Miami Vice , has created another piece of work that is definitively of the 1980s.  Skinny ties, pastel coloured clothes, constant 5 o'clock shadows on the men, and bad perms for the ladies all make cameo appearances here.  It never steps into the realm of the comical, as many '80s movies now do, but can be somewhat distracting.  Also distracting is Mann's stylish use of his camera.  He has a tendency to frame his subject off-centre in the frame.  There is one telling moment where Will calls his wife, and their incongruous framing in the scene tells the audience that these two really aren't on the same page.  But there's one shot where Will tells his wife that he loves her, and they appear in their respective frames in exactly the same shot.  I liked this technique in this scene, but in other moments it became quite annoying
 Manhunter is a movie made in 1986. So it has all those little things that remind you of the 80's, which today might strike you as odd or funny. Observe the shorts that Graham wears when in Florida, or the sun glasses of his wife, or the song at the end titles...  Still, the movie, as the first installment of the Hannibal trilogy, is so much better when compared to the recent 'Red Dragon' flick, which retells the same story, with different actors and a different ending. The plot follows detective Graham (William Petersen) out of retirement, and asking for the help of Dr.Lector (Brian Cox) - he later became Dr. Lecter- whom he personally captured in the past, in order to catch a new serial-killer on the loose (Tom Noonan). I have to admit, seeing Brian Cox as the Hannibal made me feel strange at the beginning. For me, and many others, the role of Hannibal will unarguably be linked with a certain actor, called Anthony Hopkins. But if you manage to overcome this single shock, you will start realizing how 'Manhunter' succeeds in what 'Red Dragon' fails. To build a convincing atmosphere. For one thing, the acting is far superior in 'Manhunter'. In 'Red Dragon' there are cases where you feel that even the actors do not believe in their lines, which is a big waste if you take into account the superb cast. What about Dolarhyde? Ralph Fiennes in 'Red Dragon' does a good job. Yet in many cases you see that he is acting, or even, over-acting. Tom Noonan in 'Manhunter' is so natural in the same part. You can sense his inner struggle, without seeing it. There is also a scene where he holds a blind woman in his arms. His reactions, the movement of his hands, the way he lays his head upon her shoulder, clearly reveal his vulnerable and shy self. Furthermore, 'Red Dragon' decides to explain everything to the viewer as if the latter will be unable to understand by himself. It has to show us why Graham decided to retire early. In a sequence that vividly brings to mind Hitchcock's 'Psycho' it has to detail the roots of Dolarhyde's wounded psyche. It even attempts to loudly explain, through the words of Harvey Keitel, about the 'supernatural' charisma that detective Graham possesses, in order to justify the fact that he will later use it to solve the murder cases. 'Manhunter' on the other hand, does none of the above. All these facts, crucial for the development of the plot, are not explicitly stated. Rather than that, they are implied, and thus, the viewer has to discover them by himself, making the whole experience more fulfilling. As for the ending, 'Red Dragon' decides to go for the extra suspense, for the final fear. On the other hand, 'Manhunter' chooses a much simpler road. Many would probably argue that the former fits better with the rest of the movie. Still, in my opinion, 'Manhunter' does well even in this case, bringing the film to its natural ending. By the way, pay close attention to the music score. It's simply brilliant.
 Manhunter is a pretty good thriller and I found it a lot better than Silence of the Lambs, and MUCH better than Hannibal.  I heard that they're thinking of remaking Manhunter, I sincerely hope they don't, because it will most likely turn out to be a big disappointment like Hannibal.
 especially for fans of Michael Mann, and his stylish, intense film presentation.  If you absolutely must have your movies true to the book, or if you are watching Manhunter to try to get an early view of Hannibal Lecter (pre-Silence of the Lambs), you may be disappointed. Mann gives us William Petersen, a little younger and thinner, but much the same as his current role in the television feature  CSI .  He has nearly destroyed himself and his family life with his ability to profile serial killers, and his inability to stay out of harm's way.  The villain of this setting (and the book,  Red Dragon  by Thomas Harris) is called the  Tooth Fairy  and his slaughter of two families is particularly grisly; how and why he chose his victims will surprise you.  Mann's use of rock classics for the score, and his choice of actors for the parts of both villians are brilliant.  Although I prefer Anthony Hopkins, the Lecter role is played with brilliant understatement by Cox, an actor who can  ooze  madness and evil, and does so in this film.  Like many of the reviewers, I found only the original widescreen DVD, and not the 2 part Director's cut to demonstrate the excellence in this film. BRAVO, Michael Mann!
 Taken on its own merits, this is a pretty good movie. Michael Mann's direction is great, and his use of lighting and textures is impressive, and Brian Cox is in many ways far creepier than Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lechter. And the climactic sequence, set to  Inna Gadda Davida,  is sheer perfection in and of itself. My only complaint is with William Peterson, as FBI Agent Will Graham. Nothing personal, but Peterson couldn't act his way INTO a wet paper bag. A wooden cigar-store Indian would have been more convincing in the role. Nonetheless, a very good film and well worth seeing. It makes  Silence of the Lambs  make a lot more sense, and it is not a bad way to kill an evening.
 This is a very entertaining, disturbing and stylish thriller which preceded SILENCE OF THE LAMBS by a number of years and first introduced Hannibal Lecter to the cinema.  I first heard of MANHUNTER in a video store.  Strolling down the aisle I could hear the movie on the monitor, but couldn't see it.  The soundtrack and dialog alone gave me the willies, and the clerk was talking about how the movie kept her up at night.  I took the movie home and was treated to an exciting, suspenseful, and highly involving tale of the hunt for a ver-r-ry unpleasant serial killer nicknamed the Tooth Fairy.  William Petersen, an engaging and seasoned actor, plays a retired investigator who left the force after getting to close to such a criminal and getting viciously carved up for his trouble. His former boss, played by Dennis Farino, comes to see him one day with a plea for his help in finding a new serial murderer who is butchering whole families in their bedrooms.  Petersen reluctantly takes the case, visits the crime scenes and interviews an institutionalized madman named Hannibal Lecter, both to get the sick mind set back and to ask Hannibal for help with clues (much as the Jodi Foster character does in the later film).  The Petersen character's own post-traumatic stress makes his commitment all the more admirable as he helps the cops make headway toward an understanding of the twisted motives and methods of the new killer.   Enlisting the help of a tabloid journalist who meets his end in an exclusive visit with the deranged killer that I guarantee you'd never want to experience, Petersen finally connects with the killer only to realize that he may be too late to stop the next ugly stage of the rampage.   In an edge-of-your-seat extended climactic sequence that will have you appreciating the long version of  Inna-gadda-da-vida  in a whole new way, Petersen and some unfortunate cops finally bear down on the Tooth Fairy even as the serial killer crouches over his next victim like a huge spider.   Michael Mann has been a highly respected director since the 70s, directing James Caan in the star vehicle THIEF and inventing the high-style runaway hit MIAMI VICE on television.  This movie's dark and intimate style complements the story and works just fine, and all the cast is quite good.  Hannibal Lecter is a stand-out as played by Brian Cox, giving us two fine performances of the Lecter character to enjoy.  Cox's Lecter is just as cool and calculating, a mad genius who gets fan mail from the Tooth Fairy and plots to reveal the whereabouts of Petersen's family to him in return.  There is no need to take sides between SILENCE and MANHUNTER.  Thankfully, MANHUNTER is an excellent interpretation in its own right, and a worthy book end and enhancement to the fine job done on SILENCE.  In some ways, the Tooth Fairy is more gruesome and more fully rendered than Buffalo Bill, and Tom Noonan is absolutely creepy throughout, every bit as ghastly a villain as any I can remember, including the weirdo in the first DIRTY HARRY movie.   Never mind the small minority which doesn't get this film, and see it for yourself.  It is a compelling treat of a ride, and we are lucky to have this good a film companion to SILENCE. There would have been no special edition DVD with a director's cut and extended commentary if this were not a film appreciated by many.
 Scary, dark, moody and deep. This film SHOULD NOT BE REMADE. It was fine the way it is. Brian Cox's Lecter is just as creepy as Hopkins. Wm. Petersen is incredibly sympathetic and beliveble. This is a fine scary little film. Much more belivable than more recent productions.
 This film was made several years before SILENCE OF THE LAMB. The central character is not Hannibal Lector, but Will Graham (portrayed brilliantly by William Petersen); a FBI agent lured out of retirement to work on a special serial killer case.  The film is tainted by the decade in which it was made (late 1980s). However, the film also feels like an episode of "Miami Vice on speed which adds to the cat and mouse plot of the movie. The acting is better than average and the movie contains a rocking soundtrack. Nevertheless, Michael Mann seems more impressed with lighting and sound than he did with plot development and the film suffers as a result of it; often times instead of adding th the texture of the film, the lighting detracts. Overall, a decent murder detective movie with some really good acting and not too much gore.
 I won't get into the debate over whether this is a better film than it's 'sequels' or not.  But it's good enough to stand on its own merits, and in many ways, it is better than Silence of the Lambs (and definitely better than Hannibal) due to it's low-key charm and skill. I've heard they're planning to re-make it with Anthony Hopkins, giving it the big-budget treatment; that would be a mistake, because there's really nothing wrong with this film.  It eschews the violence of the sequels in favour of creating mood (something Michael Mann excels in), and while the serial killer in this film isn't as compelling as he could be, it's still very effective. Brian Cox does a great job portraying Lecter, and I for one would love to have seen him in subsequent film versions of Harris' books.  It may never happen, but this version is still here for all of us to enjoy.
 There are a series of problems with Manhunter.  Firstly, the acting is, in places, disappointing.  Petersen is occasionally unconvincing and his wife and son are dreadful.  Secondly, the script is flawed, as it often lacks spontaneity and realism.  Third, the film raises a series of interesting ideas that are tragically undeveloped - for instance, Lector's character and the Petersen's psychology - it failed to attempt an answer to some of the film's major issues.  The killer's character didn't work - he seemed far too frail and pathetic to have murdered two sets of children in cold blood - the dualism of tenderness and cold violence doesn't really come off.  The idea that the killer wants to become like God is also underdeveloped.  There is also a fundamental structural flaw - the tension accumulated before we meet the murderer is impressive - sadly, his arrival not only destroys the tension, but also the psychological enigma surrounding his behaviour.  His character is, to be frank, a disappointment and there is a general sense of bathos after his introduction. That said, the film has some serious pluspoints
 Based upon the wonderful, well written novel  Red Dragon  by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox. The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast.  This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal  In A Gadda Da Vita  could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
 Like many people who have seen "Silence of the Lambs, I didn't know of "Manhunter, the first in the series, and by far one of the best one. This film was not only far ahead of its time but also a fantastic bit film making (Michael Mann once again hits the spot) in every sense of the word. The plot is the now basic serial killer on the loose/ cop must stop him and save his next victim. However, there are some very original and brilliant inventions in this film that separates it from the rest.  William Petersen is the cop, Will Graham and brilliant he is at playing him. He plays his psychological torment smoothly but making it unnerving for us. Tom Nooman is quite brilliant and in that way I mean terrifying at `The Tooth Fairy', the killer of the story. (Be sure to note the "wings of blood under his arms after he has been shot and killed. This is, apparently, as close as he will get to becoming the "Red Dragon he believed he was metamorphasizing into.)  He's multi-layered and he makes you both hate and feel sorry for him. Brian Cox is Lector in this tale. I won't bother with comparisons between him and Hopkins, because they both play Lector differently. Full credit must go to Cox though, he doesn't need masks or camp one-liners to try and make him scary. He is scary, his eyes, the deceiving way he talks. This is acting, not prop work but Anthony is still Lector to me.  Sure, "Manhunter has weaknesses. Graham's acting is sporadic. The scenes where he is getting riled up at the as-yet-unknown killer are a bit weak. ("You son of a b****! You wanted them to watch, didn't you?") Also, as much as I enjoy Mann, it's probably too stylized for its own good. This is properly Mann's first masterpiece. The opening scene pans down from a blue sky to Graham and Crawford sitting on a branch on the sand. Freeze frame that. It is a perfect composition. A Vettriano image. This respect for composition is echoed through the movie. There are so many opportunities here to see the visual, the lighting, the camera all coming together. Yes, it is a 1980's pic. It was made in the 1980's and is a tribute to the look and feel of the time. He directs the film with so much skill and style. If I could get anyone to film night's scenes, it would be Mann. His night scenes (The Insider, Last of the Mohicans, Heat) are fantastic to look at and this is no exception and we get a lot of it as the film is mostly filmed at night. The screenplay is a cracker (again by Mann) and the music is class as well. For those who haven't seen this film should and for those who had see this again please.
 This first film version of Thomas Harris' novel "Red Dragon is, in a number of ways, the better of the two. Manhunter features somewhat less known, but by no means lesser, actors in the lead roles. A young William Peterson is, in my opinion, rather better than Edward Norton as FBI profiler Will Graham. It's something of a toss up between Manhunter's Dennis Farina and Red Dragon's Harvey Keitel in the Jack Crawford role. (All in all, I really liked Scott Glenn's portrayal best, but that was in a different part of the story.) Tom Noonan takes on the part of insane serial killer Francis Dollarhyde. I find that I prefer him to Ralph Fiennes, who was, among other problems, really too good looking for the part. Noonan has played a number of killers of varying stages of insanity during his career, but Dollarhyde is probably the capper. And, lastly, Brian Cox has the character of Hannibal Lector--the novel's Lector, not the later film version--down perfectly. It's a smaller part than in the more recent film, but Lector's part was smaller in the original novel as well.  Manhunter is, mostly, quite faithful to the novel. Given the limits of the film media, particularly regarding running time, a bit too much background material seems to be missing. I doubt that anyone could film this story exactly right in much under five hours. Noonan's makeup shows the effect of the character's surgically corrected cleft lip and palate, but it isn't really explained (though there are bits of dialogue that suggest it might have been before the film was edited). Some of Cox's lines as Lector are precisely the same as those spoken by Anthony Hopkins, which is to be expected as they are lifted straight from the novel.  The major departure from the novel is the ending. Again, I'd suspect running time may have been the culprit (and I doubt that anyone who hasn't read the novel will even notice, since the film's ending is effective enough). Filming the real ending might have been even more effective, but it would also have added at least another quarter hour to a two hour film. Blame the theatre owners for that--they don't like long movies because the length reduces the number of daily screenings.
 Michael Mann's major mistake in his making of this film was to change the name. How Red Dragon became Manhunter will be one of the great mysteries of all time. Mann did, though, write a creditable script and select a fine cast. What is, for me, the most significant aspect of the film is Brian Cox as Hannibal. Cox is a long-term, well-established member of the British theater community--a splendid actor (who often plays American in bash-em-up/shoot-em-up/blow-em-up US films). His scenes with FBI man Petersen (who has gone on to CSI fame, and deservedly so) are creepy and chilling. What Anthony Hopkins tries to accomplish with his over-the-top performances, Cox accomplishes in only a matter of minutes
 In Manhunter, Michael Mann's direction of the novel Red Dragon shows a far different approach to the Lecter-type characterization in the later terrorizing cinemas such as Silence of the Lambs-another one of Thomas Harris' novels-turned-movies. Though similar to the Silence of the Lambs in its format, it shows entirely different perspectives such as in the investigation by the FBI and in the character of the "insane Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor in this movie). The film's strongest points are in its direction and music score, which both add great depth to achieve the suspense and horror of Harris' original novel.  The story is about an ex-FBI agent Will Graham, played by William Petersen (from TV's "C.S.I."), being called back to duty to assist in finding the serial killer nicknamed "The Toothfairy", played by Tom Noonan. It is exposed that Graham has caught one of the other great serial killers, the former Psychiatrist Hannibal Lektor, played by Brian Cox, and can consult with Dr. Lektor for help. Given only nine days to complete his case, Graham has to quickly find this serial killer to save the lives of innocent people. Michael Mann's meticulous design of sets, even though the lack of money and current technology are obvious, portrays a beautiful light in every scene. The camera's off-tempo and staccato shifts match the story's suspense masterfully, and the overbearing power of certain colors-matched for their poignant significance to the scene-assists in conveying to the viewer a sense of visual emotion. Also, as the Silence...used Q. Lazzarus' song "Goodbye Horses to characterize the serial killer, Manhunter also uses music (Iron Butterfly's In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida) to set the tone for the killer. In the few occasions Lektor is contacted by Will Graham, a suspenseful, horrifying experience is expressed to the viewer, more accurate to Harris' novel than that done by Anthony Hopkins in the latter Hannibal movies. Unfortunately, unlike Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, the genius Lektor-though the mastermind behind the movie-is scarcely on-screen; instead, influence is turned to the ex-FBI agent Will Graham and his ability to mold in to the psyche of the killers he tracks. The Toothfairy, played by Tom Noonan, was not allowed to mingle with the other actors on the set to create a sense of mystery and fear when they finally met on screen. Actor William Petersen himself described the aura of his scenes with the serial killer as "compelling and repelling, at the same time. Director Michael Mann's low-budget film Manhunter, which was to be originally named "Red Dragon but changed because it sounded too much like a karate movie, is the most accurate representation of any of Thomas Harris' novels yet. Though at first it takes a while to set the scene, in the end you will be thoroughly rewarded by the feeling of watching one of the most compelling-"and repelling,"-movies of its kind.
  Manhunter  is a good thriller that deserves to be placed by  The Silence Of The Lambs  as one of the best films of its kind. The film is superbly directed by Michael Mann, who also made  Heat  and  The Insider  and like in those movies, he shows here an exquisite eye for visual composition. The photography is rich and makes use of colors and shadows. Mann's screenplay, based on the novel by Thomas Harris, is complex and is full of believable characters. But what should be most admired about the movie is how Mann, combining superb performances with rich photography and edgy music, creates an intense atmosphere that stays during most of the movie. He has a true understanding here of what is really creepy. The acting is also very well done. William Petersen makes us feel the tension in his character, Tom Noonan presents one of the creepiest psychos ever devised for a motion picture. Brian Cox is also interesting as Hannibal Lecter, he doesn't surpass the Anthony Hopkins version, but he's still good at it. And remember that it is probable that Hopkins took edges from this role because  Manhunter  was made in 1985, way before  The Silence Of The Lambs  was released. The only thing lacking is more energy, Mann needed to add a more visceral edge to his movie and then it would have been a masterpiece. But, in the end,  Manhunter  is visually seductive, well written and effective. A fine piece of filmmaking.
 Manhunter, What a great movie.Not only for the story and the hallmark acting.But also from a film making perspective as well.  So many innovations.Concepts and styles that due to their genius,stay relevant today.    Noonan and Cox bring the film to almost a 3 dimensional reality with performances that go far beyond what would be expected from a couple of ( at the time ) unknown actors.In my opinion,these guys really run the show. No disrespect to the outstanding work of William Petersen,who captures the role with a spooky resolve.He plays the role so well,That you realize as an actor, he's really doing what he's performing as an investagator.Getting in the heads of the people he's pursuing/playing.    The music is almost as much of a cast member as any of the actors.Music that is brilliant in its use and construction.  If ever a soundtrack deserves a CD.Its this one!    Anyway, I have the basic "Manhunter dvd,and the restored directors cut.I really enjoy the commentary's.The difference between the two, to me, is really a matter of the two different commentary's.The basic unit has the cast,Petersen,Noonan,Cox and  Allen.The restored directors cut is Michael Mann going solo.    Mann's commentary is a collection of thoughts and techniques.Inspiration of character development and a lot of "film school stuff that is of interest...even to a layman...    The basic unit with the cast is a lot more interactive.No they  dont exactly hoot it up, but it is slightly more entertaining  as a behind the scenes deal goes.    Mann's comments are a plus in that he does enjoy the film and  seems at times to be getting caught up in it.As a result,he  has moments where he doesnt speak,but instead watches the movie with the viewer.Kinda cool.You get to see the point hes making rather than having him talk over it as the moment goes by.    So there ya go.Ya pays your money and ya takes your chances.  But in either case,whichever you prefer,This is simply an excellent movie that even today, is a real thriller.
 Michael Mann, one of the greatest of all directors, takes a crack at Thomas Harris's brilliant novel  Red Dragon  with his stylish film version,  Manhunter.  The film is tense, smart and  well-detailed. There's also the artistic and rich cinematography by Dante  Spinotti, who also worked with Mann on his 1995  Heat  and was  recently nominated for an Oscar for Mann's brilliant  The  Insider.  What the film lacks is more power and effect. Brian Cox  isn't as convincing as serial killer Hannibal Lecter as Anthony Hopkins in   The Silence Of The Lambs.  It's better to watch this before   Lambs  so you don't take as many easy shots at it. But Mann  still does a great job here, directing with his usual visual style and  exquisite composition.  Manhunter  is really gripping at times  and keeps us interested for almost it's entire length. The ending is a  little unsatisfying though well-directed. Another flaw is that   Manhunter  sometimes feels too much like a made for TV movie.  But in the end it has effect and is convincing with style and a good  script. But if you really want to see Michael Mann's talent, watch   Heat  and  The Insider. 
 I love the quality and restoration done with disk one.  I simply wish they had included the true theatrical version instead of improperly splicing it with the directors cut.  However, the quality is superb and no Manhunter DVD has been able to match this one.  My problem is with the directors cut and its bloody piss-poor video quality.  I did like this version more than the theatrical cut overall.  If they could fully restore the entire film in HD 1080p and give it a 7.1 surround trueHD audio track, it would be the PERFECT movie.
 Wow. Before Sir Anthony Hopkins ever slimed and purred his way onto the silver screen in SILENCE OF THE LAMBS as Hannibal Lecter, the ever more repugnant and brilliant Brian Cox played him (originally Hannibal Lecktor) in MANHUNTER. No, you will not see the six-fingered hands or bright maroon eyes Hannibal the Cannibal possesses in the original novels, but I think Cox is ten times scarier than Hopkins was.  This 1986 offering is a treat on many levels. To be brief
 Before he hit pay dirt with CSI
 When it comes to the "serial killer genre, I suppose Michael Mann's 1986 film "Manhunter began it all. One could argue for Richard Fleischer's superb <a href="http
 This movie by  Miami Vice  creator Michael Mann is way ahead of its time, which can now work to its benefit. Its hero, FBI criminal profiler Will Graham, is brought out of retirement to track a serial killer of entire families, cruelly nicknamed the Tooth Fairy by the tabloid press; like the hero of TV's  Millennium,  a good ten years later, Graham has an uncanny ability to enter the mindset of his quarry. This gift, or curse, has already led to one nervous breakdown, and now threatens to ruin his marriage and happy home life, even as he returns to a life-threatening pursuit of one killer, aided by another, the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter. Mann's direction of the film is self-assured and relentless, driving ever onward without a pause, and while the violence is horrific, the triumph of good over evil is never seriously in question. William Peterson, who plays Graham here, portrays a similar, but substantially toned-down character on the TV show  CSI ---Dennis Farina plays his ex-ex-FBI boss. Brian Cox, a British character actor, plays Hannibal Lecter; he is perhaps less attractive than Anthony Hopkins, but this makes his Lecter even more chilling and repulsive---and the fact that he doesn't shamelessly ham up every line reading helps, too! The climax of the movie, as Graham takes the fight right to the killer in a secluded woodland home, is incredibly suspenseful, even though you suspect that Graham will prevail; the use of dim lighting, and a thunderous refrain of Iron Butterfly's  In-a-Gadda-da-Vida  makes it one of the more memorable endings in recent film history.  Manhunter  isn't as famous a film as  The Silence of the Lambs --but is is a better film! Check it out.
 Anthony Hopkins (Hannibal, Hearts Of Atlantis) and Nicole Kidman (Dogville, Birthday Girl) deliver yet again more explosive and powerful performances to their list. Ed Harris (The Rock, The Hours) delivers a ferocious and in your face role and Gary Sinise (Snake Eyes, The Big Bounce) is just fine. Wentworth Miller (Dinotopia, Tv's Buffy The Vampire Slayer) who portraits Hopkins in younger form does his best as well. Despite some moments of lulls this movie sends the goods with its rich characterizations and atmosphere. Though everyone in the god awful earth should know its difficult to adapt a novel into a script...derrr..idiots. Finely directed and it extremely pulls you in. Also starring Harry Lennix (The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions) and Clark Gregg (We Were Soldiers).
 I would maybe watch this film 3 times at the most, it's interesting at times but 20 percent of it is pure drek, the other artsy and appeakling though...
 Benton (of "Kramer vs. Kramer or "Places in the Heart acclaim) has always made movies with themes on the subtlest emotional vectors.  If you've read the marvellous but somewhat un-adaptable book by the same name (Phillip Roth's "The Human Stain") you'll know what I am talking about and in that case, watch the movie without any expectations of seeing a loyal adaptation because this isn't.  If you are not familiar with Roth's book, the movie's spinal theme may be racial prejudice, but it is really the story of a man deciding, late in life, to love the unknown what is beyond books, pride, even self. To learn that lesson is to turn a stain into a blessing. Stylistically, I felt the theme could have been dealt with in a somewhat smarter way. Without giving too much away, the "scandal at the heart of the movie really gets very little screen time which helps diminish its importance in comparison with Coleman's past. But we see so little of it that it belittles its own thematic importance, and the movie spends a great deal of energy setting up storylines and elements that get little eventual payoff.  This is why I say the novel was a bit difficult to adapt. Following Coleman's life all the way along, not just its beginning and end, could have made the movie work better as a movie; so could exposing his secret to the world of the film instead of just to the audience. At one point, Coleman's sister says doing just that would have instantly cleared up all the scandal and misunderstanding. Wrong. It would have made everything much more complicated, much more textured, much less black-and-white. As it is, we are left with a movie about two people whose lives have already ended clinging to each other for comfort.  But the cast alone is something I'd go rushing into the theatres for
 Phillip Roth's final tale in his trilogy, "The Human Stain is set in the summer of The Year Of Our Lord, 1998. Otherwise known as "Impeachment Summer", during which the Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky accusations took place, The Starr Report was released, and the whole sordid story of the infamous stained dress was on the lips of everyone, so to speak.  The film is told in flashback sequences with the narrator of the tale, writer and friend of main character, Coleman Silk's. His name is Nathan Zuckerman (a fabulous Gary Sinese). Incidentally, the character of Nathan Zuckerman is the author, Phillip Roth's alter-ego and is throughout the trilogy of novels.  Coleman Silk, played adeptly by Sir Anthony Hopkins, is a 71 year-old college professor at small New England Athena College. Coleman is wrongfully accused of racial slurs against a couple of absent pupils and loses his tenured position. This shocking news sends his beloved wife into sickness and before long, she succumbs...  If only his family, friends and all the people that Coleman Silk has touched throughout  their lives knew the REAL story, such charges would have never been brought about in the first place.  Silk gets lonely and depressed quite quickly, finds the wonderful drug just produced by the name of Viagra and meets the illiterate but beautiful school janitor, Faunia Farley, played by Nicole Kidman. Faunia might be illiterate but she has graduated with honors from "The School Of Hard Knocks", both figuratively and literally by her Vietnam vet abusive husband Lester, played excellently by Ed Harris. Coleman and Faunia have a torrid affair with the whole New England town buzzing about the goings on. As they get closer and share with one another, Faunia's past is almost as shocking as Coleman's. In the final scenes of the film, all secrets are exposed...  Many critics said that the movie script itself was a masterpiece but it was grossly miscast with Hopkins and Kidman in the main roles. I disagree only because there are very few actors that could genuinely and convincingly portray the characters, let alone, carry a heavy drama such as this. The only actor that I could come up with for a recast on Coleman would be Frank Langella, in part because the physical characteristics of Coleman could have been a bit more believable to the viewer.  I must also mention the two actors who play an integral role in the flashback sequences of Coleman's youth. A terrific Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk and an adequate Jacinda Barrett (from MTV's Real World London Cast) in a nice turn as young Coleman's college days lover, Steena Paulsson.  Once watching the movie, you will understand the many significant meanings of the title, "The Human Stain". Not only the stain of the original sin into which all of us are born, but the stain of hate, hurt, pain, racism, pacifism and yes, even love and death.  I highly recommend "The Human Stain despite it's theatrical release mixed reviews and unfortunate lackluster box office draw.  Happy Watching!
 So much of movie watching has to do with the hype, and therefore, expectations, surrounding a film.  Since I had not heard much of this movie, I was surprised to find such an all star ensemble in an unheralded film.  So I had the pleasure of simply watching it with no expectations, no book to compare it with, etc.  The result was a compelling story of twisted lives coming to grips with themselves and their pasts.  Nicole Kidman has to be one of the greatest actors of our generation, since she plays her white trailer trash role to perfection, accent and all.  Anthony Hopkins use of subtle expression and understatement add tension and depth to the film.  If you like complex, interwoven stories with good characters, you will like this film.
 Two lonely people come together, Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), a professor who quits his job after a supposed racial slur and Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), an eccentric younger woman disabused by the harsh realities of her life. A former welterweight boxer who has turned his back on his race, Silk lives as a white man caught in an ironic twist of fate. In a fine blend of racism and religious intolerance before the gratuity of political correctness, the young Coleman makes irreversible decisions that critically affect his later years. As a deeply melancholic mature man, Coleman finds sudden happiness with Faunia in spite of her personal despondency and refusal to believe in joy.  Moody and dark, played out against countryside covered with snow, the fine-tuned cinematography catches every nuance of shadow and flesh, as the movie evolves into an agonizing collision of desire vs. reality. Acting out the role of Achilles, pitted against fate and the grim determination of the gods, Silk refuses to give up the younger woman, no matter the consequences.  The film is carefully balanced, shifting from present to past, exposing the painful histories of the characters, the roots of their flaws. The supporting roles are beautifully played by Gary Sinise as Nathan Zukerman, a reclusive writer and friend of Silk's and Ed Harris as Lester Farley, an ex-Vietnam vet unable to purge the violence from his life. In the end, seeking an island of comfort, Silk and Faunia gravitate to one another, sensing at least a temporary respite from an often cruel world. "The things that restore you can destroy you. Luan Gaines/ 2005.
 ...I had the feeling that this film pretty much lost sight of the woods for the trees.  It begins with Achilles' dilemma in The Iliad with a slave girl which his king also covets, then quickly moves to the excesses of political correctness in academia, then to American sexual hypocrisy and sanctimony in the Clinton-Lewinsky affair, to a Viagra-assisted, sixty-something sudden-widower who suddenly lands a vivacious thirty-something woman from a very different social and economic class background with a very checkered past, her Vietnam-scarred psychopathic ex-husband who stalks her, the dramatic reinvigoration and sexual reawakening in such a winter-spring relationship, to the deeply ingrained racism in American society as experienced by a mulatto boy who decides to pass himself as Jewish and breaks ties with his family.  All this might be gracefully contained in a 400-page novel (maybe...I haven't read Roth's book yet) but crammed into a 2-hour movie, it all feels a bit disjointed.  While Kidman, Hopkins, Harris and Sinese are all a bit miscast in their roles, all three put in solid performances...Kidman has never looked more appealing and real, in contrast to her usual generic-blonde look.  Hopkins isn't quite up to the anguish and explosive rage that his character is supposed to express in a few of the scenes---he simply doesn't have the range for it---but is otherwise competent. The film is beautifully shot, with a very effective score, and technically superb.  What's missing though is any kind of overarching theme or point to tie everything together.  I suppose we could deduce one from the title
 Classics Professor Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), exasperated that two students have yet to show up for his class points to their empty seats and ask rhetorically, "Do they exist or are they spooks?  He should have chosen his words more carefully because the two absent students are black and Silk is subsequently charged with using racial slurs by the college.  Yes, this could definitely happen, although one would expect it to be cleared up once there was an investigation.  However, Coleman Silk gets more than a little uptight.  Something has hit a nerve.  He has enemies.  He doesn't cooperate and in fact resigns in face of the charge.  His wife drops dead, and at the age of 71 Coleman gets involved in a Viagra-hyped love affair with Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), a 34-year-old cleaning woman and high school dropout with a past.  Turns out that Coleman too has a past, and that past partially explains why he got so uptight about the racial slur charge.  Seems that Coleman has "passed.  Seems that he was "colored and didn't want to be colored and so forsook his family and passed into the white world and never looked back.  This is from the novel by Philip Roth, who has written many splendid novels.  The adaptation is by Nicholas Meyer who did most of the scripts for the Star Trek movies.  Robert Benton's direction is professional and clear.  Anthony Hopkins is very good as one would expect and Nicole Kidman as a hardtack brunette with worry lines on her face is vividly real as the bitter, but vulnerable Faunia Farley.  Ed Harris plays her also bitter, spaced-out, estranged husband, a twisted Viet Vet with malevolence on his mind.  The story is told in a straight-forward way with flashbacks to Coleman's past where we see that he was a welterweight prize fighter for a while and had his heart broken because his very blonde bride-to-be just couldn't stomach the thought of marrying into a Negro family.  Wentworth Miller plays young Coleman and definitely looks and acts the part.  Anna Deavere Smith plays his mother with the kind of dignity you would expect from a woman who raised the son of Pullman porter to become a classics professor at a small New England private college.  Gary Sinise as Coleman's neighbor, Nathan Zuckerman (and Philip Roth perennial), narrates the story from the novel he eventually writes.  All in all an interesting movie that recalls an age gone by while at the same time reminding us that the politically correct postmodern world is upon us.  See this for Nicole Kidman who is on her way to becoming one of the great stars of the cinema as yet again she shows that she cannot be typecast, and for Anthony Hopkins, one of the more accomplished actors of our time.
 My feelings are mixed about this movie.  From what I have read in the professional reviews of this movie, the opinions are just as mixed.  In sum, it is a movie that will hopefully give one something to think about at its surprising conclusion. Simply put, THE HUMAN STAIN is pretty much a revampted telling of an old tale that has facinated white audience since forever  and opened wounds and insulted some black audiences.  But, it stands apart from all its other predecesors out of the Hollywood movie machine in a good way that makes it worth seeing in that it's lead character played by Anthony Hopkins isn't stereotypically sympathetic and has depth. Still, his manipulative, cannibalistic and criminal Hannibal Lector has more integrity than his Coleman Silk. The great and admirable Anthony Hopkins plays an aging professor with a dark secret who is accused of a racial slur by a student.  Through a series of flashbacks, his secret is gradually revealed to the audience--his being a black man passing as white-- as he tells his story to a reporter and begins an affair with a young illiterate janitor on campus, Nicole Kidman.  This young woman has a few secrets of her own like a possessive and obsessive husband. Plotwise, I think the only minor flaw in the story will be that involving Kidman's charater's problems.  Only a little, they interrupt the real focus of interest of Hopkins's Silk. Though another trite tale of the mulatto, at lease the characters are 3 diminional thanks to writing,Hopkin's, Kidman's and the supporting actors performances(e.g. Gary Sinise, Ed Harris and Wentworh Miller--the young black man who plays Hopkins in his youth, and Anna Deavere Smith whose scenes and  words to her son the young Silk are not fogettable, even Oscar worthy). Coleman Silk turns his back on his family and people to enjoy all the privileges and power of having white skin.  Instead of challeging prejudices, he enforces and caters to the very prejudices that deny him to be treated fairly as a black man. At the movies conclusion one is forced to asked if anything has really changed for the better in real life. From what I have noticed in popular culture, the media and all the answer is.....   Though the majority of black Americans like the characters played by Wentworth Miller and Anna Deavere Smith are a racially and culturally mixed people regardless of the complexion of skin ,or, whether both parents are black American or one  parent is white or whatever,  there are still those who will run as far away from being labeled black as they can get and declare themselves as separate but equal instead of challeging old inherited ideas of bigotry. Political correctness has warped into a new mask to hide self-hatred and racism. There are versions of Coleman Silks that still exist today, both dark and fair skinned, in the black community--even other non-black communities. Society still hasn't shed all its prejudices for those it looks upon as having the wrong skin color ,or, set of parents.
 Philip Roth's book The Human Stain was a fictional examination of racial/social and sexual biases in American culture with more than a dose of hypocrisy thrown in. I expected it to be a difficult novel to translate to film and I believe I was partially right. The casting is excellent and Nicole Kidman is very good as Faunia Farley a bit of a lost soul being stalked by her violent and insane ex-husband who gets involved with an older college professor who has just lost his position due to an abnormally ridiculous case of Political Correctness. Anthony Hopkins is fabulous in that role although as the plot unfolds it becomes a bit harder to see him as the older version of his younger self as portrayed in flashback sequences. (Trying hard not to give too much away here). A real strong performance by Ed Harris ( The most underrated guy in Hollywood) as the crazed husband cements this as a film worth checking out. It's understandable why this wasn't a huge hit at the box office because it is a literary and somewhat challenging film.
 Let me preface my review by saying (a) I have never read the novel and (b) I probably read too much about the movie before I saw it. I also watch movies for entertainment, never searching, and rarely stumbling upon, a much deeper meaning.  That having been said, I was sure that I would find this movie completely unwatchable. I watched it only because Wentworth Miller was in it. But I found that I was actually quickly captivated by the movie, even before Miller appeared. I don't find the premise of Coleman Silk's dismissal from the college completely unbelievable. I find it, unfortunately, all too believable that an esteemed academic COULD be quickly dimissed for innocent remarks made that had potential of being racist, even if they were not. What I did not find was the suspense that the description of the movie alluded to. I don't really see how the revelation of Coleman Silk's big "secret was about to ruin his life. In fact, in consideration of the fact that the loss of his job was due to a racist remark, the revelation of his secret could have saved his life. His "secret had much stronger impacts on his life in the flashback scenes of the movie.  Ironically, I also found the casting of Wentworth Miller as the young Silk every bit as implausible as the casting of Anthony Hopkins as the elder Silk, even knowing full-well that Miller is perfectly cast in the part.  If only the Silk family had just one member that had skin nearly as fair as Miller's, I could have bought it. (Perhaps Miller's own family should have been cast.) But Miller looked like the adopted child in the family, clearly much fairer than his parents and both siblings, both an older brother, and a younger sister. I also found it implausible that Silk had developed an incredibly strong British accent, presumably from his time at Oxford, after growing up in New Jersey and attending NYU, and then retained that accent over many, many years teaching in New England.  However, it goes without saying that Hopkins played the part as well as it could be played, even if the casting on it's face was less-than ideal. Miller's casting was ideal on it's face AND his performance was strong, but I do wonder how much of it was "acting per se, and not emotion based on his own feelings and struggles with his identity. In other words, he was great, but was it really that much of a stretch? Nicole Kidman was excellent, perfectly pulling off her character, as she always does. Somehow, she is always believeable, even if she is a beautiful, classy Australian playing a somewhat grubby, class-less American.  I watched this film on DVD, so I have to believe that nothing was left out of my version. But I feel like I may have seen an edited version based on other reviews. As mentioned, I found the movie to be far from suspenseful. While Coleman's secret may have had significance in his youth, I found it to be far less significant in his adulthood. I have no idea how people knew that Kidman's character was illiterate.  I also have no idea what the scene with the crow had to do with anything other than allowing a means for Kidman's character to confess further details of her past. If that was it's purpose, it could have been much more cleverly achieved. Perhaps these were details that were in the book but not well integrated into the film.  Overall, the movie is very watchable. It is a good story that makes one pause to think about the struggles of people of color, especially for those who have never had to go through such struggles. But don't expect to be sitting on the edge of your seat waiting for some huge secret to be revealed or for it to come out and ruin Silk's life. It's a great drama, not a strong suspense.
 The Human Stain is an interesting film about the bond between an unlikely couple (played by Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins).  The one thing they seem to have in common is a life of emotional heartbreak, loneliness, and pain.  The film basically tells the story of their lives and eventual coming together through a series of flashbacks.  I did not find these flashbacks at all confusing as some reviewers have.  However, the film is somewhat flawed and lacking.  It has a tendency to drag slightly and never really takes off.  The ending is somewhat disappointing and could have been written much more effectively.  However, the acting performances are outstanding.  I think this is Nicole Kidman's best acting role.  Her performance as an emotionally weakened, unsophisticated woman is outstanding.  Also brilliant are Anthony Hopkins and Gary Sinise (a friend of Hopkins' character who narrates the movie).  And Ed Harris does a good job playing Kidman's psychotic ex-husband.  Despite its weaknesses, this is an interesting film backed by some excellent acting.
 The Human Stain takes a penetrating look at the myths with which society surrounds itself in order to remain `respectable', and how those myths are simply a portal into another level of suffering. It portrays the stains which persist in society, and which, even after constant cleansing, get perpetuated into the future and our lives in one form or the other.  I thought that the theme was very interesting, the movie itself, less so. Anthony Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a highly respected Professor of Classics at Athena College, Massachusetts. Right from his arrival, he has catapulted the College to fame and respectability, and has become Dean. His own respectability is undermined when he once innocently calls two black students, perpetually absent from class, as `spooks'. He is unaware of the derogatory meaning of the phrase, and the two students press charges against him. He resigns in anger, and the faculty members apparently are only too satisfied to let him go, because they want to avoid scandal. The year is 1998, and the country itself is enveloped in the throes of a scandal-the Clinton-Lewinsky affair.  Silk's wife dies from the shock of the accusations, and Silk becomes a lonely, dark, grudging man. Some solace comes in the form of a friendship with a young writer (Gary Sinise), himself living in seclusion in the woods after a hard fight with cancer. But the wheels of Silk's destiny really start turning when he begins an intense affair with an illiterate janitor (Nicole Kidman), many years younger than him. In turn, she faces chronic problems of her own, including an abusive childhood and a drunken, raucous and abusive Vietnam veteran husband. The rest of the movie essentially revolves about Silk's tumultuous and scandalous present life, and a disturbing past, which harbours a dark secret. I won't give it away for those of you who haven't watched it, but let it suffice here to say that he is running away from a stain which was inflicted on him many years back, as a young man in love, and an expert boxer. Silk's life long attempts to hide that old stain ironically have landed him into another disturbed existence.  I thought that the movie itself failed to be very interesting, although the director seems to have made sincere attempts to keep the intrigue and philosophy flowing. The one thing that shines through are the performances by Hopkins, Sinise and Kidman. The Human Stain makes an interesting foray into the inevitabilities of life. If we hide from a truth, it's very likely that another will haunt us, just like it haunted Silk. Better than that to face the truth and fight for it. But the problem is still not resolved. Society still has to inure itself to many blatant and supposedly embarrassing eventualities in it's citizens' lives. We still have to come to terms with the ugly ducklings among us, moralizing and generous as our expressed views and opinions about them may be. Society itself has a long way to go before it becomes all-accommodating. The most penetrating stains, it seems, are the ones which cannot be seen.
 Very thought provoking.  It is about a man leaving his family (and color) to start a new life. For some reason he only falls for white women.  Supposedly, he is so light that no one else  can tell he is black. He only sneaks around to see his family.It is a strange movie but still thought provoking and deep.
 Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are two of my favourite actors. You have already read the synopsis and the editor's report so I won't bore you with the details. I found this film very enjoyable and good entertainment. A good plot and first class acting.
 Not a bad interpretation of Philip Roth's novel; Anthony Hopkins is, yes, a little too British and not entirely believable in the racially ambiguous role he is assigned & Nicole Kidman does bring a little too much star power to her part, but the bones of the story remain intact (and I have indeed read the Roth novel). I think Gary Sinise is a fine choice for the role of Zuckerman, the novelist whose outside perspective tells  the story,  The inner nexus of themes has to do with a number of important and archetypal issues that circle around each other, never reaching full closure.  To what extent can a person "opt out of full participation in life, either because society or nature makes it hard? Who do you betray when you make that choice? Does society (or your employer) bear any responsibility? Sex and love, what is the relationship, finally and in the last analysis?  The genius of Roth's novel is to raise such difficult questions; thankfully, the film does not shy away from them. Really, it's a praiseworthy effort to convey how complicated it is to negotiate the difficult passage between full participation and cowardly retirement from the business of life. I'd definitely recommend this film; its flaws are venial; its accomplishments are mortal.
 I came away with mixed feelings about the film on multiple levels, which speaks to its complexity. Previous reviewers have articulated many of the same thoughts as mine. Ed Harris was flawless playing an angry ex-Vietnam vet, one of his finest performances.  Nicole Kidman's acting was excellent, but her efforts to sound American also made her sound stilted and every word took twice as long to be articulated.  Mr. Miller who plays the young Silk and Ms. Smith who plays his mother were so compelling together, they stole the show.  The talented performances by a fine cast, strangely did not work well as an ensemble.  The political correctness theme superimposed on the Clinton/Monica Lewinsky scandal was an annoying distraction.  Yes, political correctness has been used and turned around such that its good intentions became its own destruction.  Here, the word "spook is used to illustrate how it can be manipulated to make its usage seem ill-intentioned.  That is the argument against political correctness, that we attach moral connotations to words and judge people not by their actions or intentions, but their verbal diarrhea.  But, the deeper issue is the way society creates these moral dilemmas in the first place, which challenges detractors of political correctness.  What ultimately bothered me about this film was the over-moralization of young Silk's choice, which undermined society's role in his choice.  The young Silk was not a sympathetic character, which is reflected in the undercurrent of accusation that all his losses stemmed from his dishonesty.  The irony is that racial prejudice created this conflict for him, and in this instance society bears the bulk of the responsibility.  The interactions of young Silk and his family were so moving, it is a shame that they were given homage only in flashbacks.  The poignant dialogue will be remembered for a long time.  It could have been a great film, but too much time devoted to the older Silk brought it down a notch. The older Silk's relationship with Nicole Kidman's character was overplayed, where it should have just been an interesting sidebar.  The strength of the movie relies on the past so much, it should have stayed there.  But, well worth seeing and an excellent movie overall.
  The Human Stain  is based on the novel of the same name by Philip Roth, which employs the not entirely novel device of seeing through the eyes of a novelist. Gary Sinese plays novelist Nathan Zuckerman, who, after a bestseller and a divorce, has secluded himself in a cabin outside the town of Athena, Massachusetts. He grows close to the newly retired Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), who has become an outcast of sorts himself, having been forced to retire after 35 years of service as a professor of classics and Dean of Faculty at nearby Athena College. Against the admonitions of friends and colleagues, Coleman has an improbable affair with a much-younger cleaning woman, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), which seems even less advisable when her unstable ex-husband (Ed Harris) arrives on the scene.    The Human Stain  has a deliberately slow pace. It diligently picks its way along. It seemed oppressive for the film's first half-hour, but eventually I was drawn in by the characters. Both Coleman and Faunia's characters are defined by their pasts, ironically, as both have dedicated their lives to putting the past behind them. The mysteries of these pasts are revealed slowly, and that is the means by which the audience is drawn into the story. Both Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman give impressive performances, but the casting is conspicuously odd. Neither of these characters looks his or her part in the least. This doesn't detract from their emotional power, but I have to wonder what the powers that be were thinking when they cast this film. I guess they were thinking that two talented A-list actors could pull anything off. Wentworth Miller is perfectly cast as the younger Coleman Silk. And I was particularly impressed by Anna Deavere Smith as Coleman's wise but heartbroken mother.  The Human Stain  is a nice character drama. It's just not for the impatient.   The DVD
 During WWII, millions of Jews whose only crime in the eyes of some where their being Jewish.  Thousands to over millions were sent into concentration camps where few survived and many were murdered, even the innocent of innocent, the children.  Those Jews who managed to escape did so by fleeing to hopeful safe harbors in other countries, or, they passed.  Far from passing to gain material wealth, power, and a share in the decadence of the predominant group, these Jews  simply sought to survive and see another day.  One cannot help but admire those who spent the rest of their lives, whenever possible, challenging racism and bigotry and injustice. The titled character in the HUMAN STAIN is far from being admirable and sympathetic. Coleman Silk is a black man who chooses to pass as white to enjoy the privileges of being white.  He doesn't care to fight the injustices that deny his people their humanity, but instead chooses to cater and bow down in honor and the keeping of such injustice against his own people.  Ironically, at the time he passes, those Jews who where unable to pass were being killed, entire families.  Even more ironical, Silk chooses to pass as Jewish.  He turns his back on his family, even after his mother in the movie pleads with him in what has to be the best emotionally intense moment in the movie.  Seemingly without much conscious to morals, Silk starts his life new as a white man without anyone ever suspecting him as being anything other than this.  He marries a white woman, begins a career as a college professor, lives the American dream of freedom without roadblocks. Life is pretty good until his wife dies and  two black students accuse him of using a racial slur against them which is accidental and unintentional, but Silk so long denying his heritage does not realize the power and mistake of the word he has used.  At this point, his mask begins to fall off and his past comes back to haunt him and it is not forgiving. The main problem with this film is the way the story is told.  The makers would have done better to tell the story from the perspective of the young Silk instead of the old Silk who is played by Anthony Hopkins.  Moreover, the character played by Nicole Kidman, who Silk begins a May/December relationship with in the midst of the Clinton sex scandel with a young intern, seems to pollute the storyline and burden it down.  Kidman plays her part well, as the entire cast is excellent, but her character should have been exercised from the story on the big screen all together.  It is the young Coleman Silk and his family who are the really interesting characters deserved more time on screen instead of only being seen in flashback scenes.   The press for this movie was a lesson in the racial divide that is growing in the U.S.  The press took more of an interest in seeing how quick the guy who played young Silk, Wentworth Miller,  would distance himself from being black than they did in the moral questions raised in the movie or book of the same name by a white man.  Sadly, they may have gotten what they wanted.  I hope that I am wrong.  I would take great pride in being wrong!!!!!  and offer an apology for the misunderstanding of Miller.  Rather than understanding the diversity of the black American community, that is, that black Americans are a multi-cultural people whose blood roots extend not just in Africa but also Europe and even Asia and all those places in between, regardless of the complexion of skin or of the skin or race of one or both parents--the cause of the huge color spectra among black Americans and blacks from North America to South America--, and, that black Americans are a people proud of their ancestry in all its diversity regardless of what only a handful of extremely bigoted afro-centralist don't want admitted and many white Americans refuse to take time to learn and  understand, the press has  played to its own blind and ignorant liberal bias that divides blacks Americans into dangerous social stratas of ethnicities.  For his part, Miller, who doesn't deny his heritage like he has done in playing  earlier roles in his career until the HUMAN STAIN,  has shown a proclivity not to correct his interviewers and has legitimized their prejudices that the one drop rule of blood applies  to all but a few of black Americans who have one non black American parent, political correctness at its most perverse and dangerous.  Miller doesn't understand or doesn't want to understand that he is legitimizing racist fallacies. To those who choose to watch the movie, or even, read the book, keep in mind that the story is written from the view point of those or one person  not in the know to all the nuances, diversity, complexity, pride, heartache and tragedy, joy, sometimes embarrassment, anger, struggle, bloodlines, and stories to the black American community no matter how sympathetic and understanding they claim to be.
 This film and the performances are outstanding. The director really captures the "feel of a Philip Roth novel. But, although Gary Sinise is excellent, Nathan Zuckerman is supposed to be around 70 years old. I wonder why the director chose a much younger actor?
 4 stars if you've read the book, otherwise 2 stars. Background for this review
 I haven't read the Phillip Roth novel upon which this is based, but I imagine a tremendous amount of nuance has necessarily been deleted. Still, the cast can't be faulted, even if the chemistry between 70-something Anthony Hopkins and 40ish Nicole Kidman seems a bit forced at times. The title reminds me of some '50s sci-fi flick, not a literary spellbinder. Ed Harris as the psycho ex-Nam nutcase is fully grizzled and effective, but I don't understand why he is allowed to be free when he is seen repeatedly confessing his crazedness to some VA counselor. One could do much worse than this for an hour and 45 minutes of entertainment.
 Instead of having premeditated impressions, the movie's casting coaxes me into seeing it. The story itself is meaningful and its overall arrangement is captivating, but more running time could have been employed to deepen the plot's moving power.  Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) was accused of racial discrimination because he referred to his two African American students as "spooks since they were absent from the class. After experiencing disastrous losses at this late stage of his life, he befriended the writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise) and was involved with a working-class woman Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman) who was much younger than he was. Dark, tragic pasts, including the intrusions of her ex-husband (Ed Harris), kept plaguing Faunia. Thus, people around Coleman Silk had been persuading him out of romanizing with Faunia. However, their suggestions went on deaf years, for Faunia reminded Silk of his youthful love and was almost a salvation for him to purity his deep-rooted anguish.  The performances from the actors and actresses are all extraordinary. Hopkins, although too "white to play Silk, was convincingly the man with simmering pain, presented by his subdued expressions. Kidman did an equally good job despite her extreme motions now and then. Moreover, the unknown young performers who play young Silk and his lover are remarkable, too, whose vividly delivery of two people confined by their ethnic biases really shine.  "The Human Stain serves as a stark irony of a person not identifying with his own pedigree. The movie touches the controversial issue of racism in an innovative approach, and it is worth seeing if you are looking for a film that will arouse some afterthoughts.
 Although I enjoyed this film and rate it  high, I have to admit this was more than a bit of a stretch for most people, and for at least four good reasons
 The part of the film dealing with the professor's mixed race background, which he hid from everyone, including his own wife, is riveting and educational.  It's hard to believe that some Americans felt so ashamed of their backgrounds that they allowed racism to lead them down the path of rejecting their own flesh and blood to give the illusion that they were "White".  Especially moving was the portrayal of the professor's Black mother, when he makes it clear that she is to have no part in his future.  The part of the film dealing with Nicole Kidman's character and the grown up professor was less satisfying as it included scenes of gratuous nudity.  We could have done without seeing Ms. Kidman's body once again.  Also, the ending was not all that great.  But I'll still give it a "four for a good effort.
 I was finally able to view this movie on DVD. It only had a limited theatre release.Although it was based on a novel; It is based on real situations.I personally knew a college Instructor who was let go for failing an afro-american who did not come to classes.Being involved in relationships with the baggage of violence by exspouses are practicly a daily occurance anymore.I would hoghly reccomend this for a must rent or buy. Anthony Hopkins is a great Actor and Nicole Kidman is a good actress.This movie could have as a subtitle "a history of 20th/21st century america.
 The Human Stain (Robert Benton, 2003)  Robert Benton does not often direct movies, but when he does, you can be pretty much guaranteed a knockout
 Enough ideas for a dozen ordinary films, with some great sequences, and terrific acting from all concerned, I was engrossed from the beginning. No satisfactory artistic resolution as in a three act drama, but stimulating nonetheless.
 Apparently there is less shame in being Jewish than in being Black for the protagonist.  Can any sympathy go to him, when he has purposefully and arbitrarily removed himself from his family?  They didn't deserve that treatment, that loss.  Or is this just an extension of the racial tensions in the country at the end of the War . . and sacrifice was necessary for any black to achieve success?  The casting was not credible.  Why couldn't they have used make-up to age the young Silk, rather than use two actors, one of which could never be taken for anything but white.  And the relationship between a 70 year old and a 34 year old was not credible either.
 "The Human Stain is an intense drama directed by Robert Benton who won both the Best Director and the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscars for "Kramer vs. Kramer in 1979.  He's also has 2 nominations for Best Original Screenplay Oscars for "Bonnie & Clyde (1967) & "The Late Show (1977) and a Best Director nomination for "Places in the Heart (1984).  His direction here might have gained more attention if the film had worked a bit better.  Nicholas Meyer wrote the screenplay as he did for 1987's "Fatal Attraction and his Oscar nominated Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Seven Percent Solution (1976).  This is the third Philip Roth novel I'm aware of to be adapted to film following "Goodbye Columbus (1969) & "Portnoy's Complaint (1972).  Anthony Hopkins who has an Oscar for "The Silence of the Lambs (1991) + 3 other nominations for "The Remains of the Day, "Nixon and "Amistad plays the aging professor Coleman Silk with a bravado and intensity.  Phyillis Newman has a rare film cameo as his wife Iris Silk and has a wonderful heart attack scene where her arm flops uselessly.  I kept wondering why Hopkins wasn't calling 911, but that might have cut the drama.  Hopkins dances marvelously with Gary Sinise on the porch.  Sinise who has a Best Supporting Oscar nomination for "Forest Gump and is currently riding high on TV in "CSI New York plays Ginger Rogers to Hopkins' Fred Astaire and does some lovely pirouettes on the porch.  It's an odd scene, but it's interesting.  Nicole Kidman who won the Oscar in "The Hours and played in that film with Ed Harris who was also nominated for an Oscar plays Faunia Farley.  She does a great character performance of a sleazy trailer park trash janitor whose hard luck story of dead children broke her heart and her spirit.  Now she is pursued by crazy ex-con Lester Foley who ultimately drives her to the drink.  (Pun intended.)  Harris is explosive and displays more spirit in his brief role here than in most of the "Empire Falls mini-series.  The interesting part of the story has to do with the young Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller who is currently in the TV series "Prison Break and also played in "Underworld.  Miller has a brooding self-centered intensity that serves the film well.  However, neither he nor Hopkins looks particularly black; so it becomes rather hard to believe.  Anna Deavere Smith from "Philadelphia (1993) and a horror flick with Jon Bon Jovi this year called "Cry Wolf has several excellent scenes as his mother who realizes that her race makes her not good enough for her ambitious son.  Jeff Perry from TV's "Nash Bridges (who I knew long ago from Illinois State) does a nice cameo as a tennis player.  The cinematography and the performances glue us to the screen.  But in the end, the film doesn't quite hang together.  It's a good try.  It offers a good evening's entertainment, given somewhat lower than Oscar expectations.  Enjoy!
 I remember how much this movie impacted me as a kid so I had to get it for my sons. Still as good as I remembered.
 I loved watching this movie as a kid and watched it several times over and over on HBO. The neighbors and I used to pretend to be the Wolverines hunting down the Commies and defending our hometown right in our old back yards.  It was great.  Apparently a lot of young men in the U.S. did the same thing and the U.S. operation that captured Saddam Hussein was named Operation Red Dawn after this film. The film takes place during the early 1980s.  The Cold War between the U.S. and the Soviet Union has been heating up and in a mass alliance with Cuba, Nicuragra, and several other countries the Soviets make a mass  first strike  attack on the U.S.  Paratrooper land on the football field of a small (Colorado?) town, killing teachers, and blowing up cars. A small group of friends escape in their truck and head into the mountains.  Two girls eventually join the group and for a small time so does a downed U.S. fighter pilot.  The group starts fighting back against the invasion forces and begins calling themselves the  Wolverines , named after the local high school mascot. The film ends on the eve that the tide of war begins to turn. Many of the actors and actresses in the film were hardly known before this film and the movie formed the foundation for several of their careers
 In order to fully enjoy this movie you must suspend disbelief.  There are many logistical problems for the Russian and Cuban armies to invade Colorado of all places and it is hard to swallow Patrick Swayze and some of the other cast members to be  teenagers .  Swayze was 32 at the time of its filming!  But all in all it is a very enjoyable movie and is a frightening look at what a full military invasion could look like on our soil.
 although some may accuse Red Dawn of being a jingoistic call to arms it is in truth a condemnation of war. There is no happy ending. Unlike Rambo the heroes do not all live to triumph over the red menace.   Red Dawn is a  good war film in the sense that it presents the moral ambiguities and  contradictions of armed conflict.  although the movie does occasionally  glorify their battlefield successes it also demonstrates the heavy price of  survival. In one of the best scenes one of the american partisans is  discovered to have betrayed the group the soviets. The leader of the group  decides that traitor is to be executed.  This is not an easy decision since  a few months before all these kids were highschool classmates.  One of the  guerrillas asks how they can consider themselves any different from the   evil  enemy they are fighting if they carry out such a heinous  action. Their leader's answer to the soldier and the group is   WE...LIVE...HERE!   I believe this scene is particularly  effective in showing how war reduces human beings to a state of animal  existence and as a result how people's notions of good and evil become  irrelevant in the face of day to day survival.  The vietnamese are  portrayed as a sadistic, fanatical and barbarous enemy in our popular  culture but would we have been any different if we had been the invaded and  not the invaders? Red Dawn does not glorify war. The protagonists in the  film spend most of their time living in a state of misery.  Their innocence  is lost and their beliefs and ideals are corrupted and compromised by the  necessity of survival in a country torn apart by war.  Not only that but  most everybody dies at the end and that's hardly a progaganda coup.  Its  hard to motivate people to go to war when you present them with the reality  that most of them won't be coming back.   The movie has its flaws but  mostly this is due to the limited budget although its technically  impressive nonetheless considering what they had to work with.  The acting  is not all top caliber but the movie shys away from portraying all the  communists as one dimensional cartoon villains.  Some of the soviet  soldiers are sadistic animals but others are simply young men looking for  the pleasures and diversions common to youth everywhere.  In other words, a  real army.  If you like movies with a dark overtone a la Apocalypse Now or  Full Metal Jacket you should enjoy this piece.  If you are looking for  Rambo or Missing in Action you most likely will be dissapointed.
 Viewed
 Red Dawn is a movie that reflects the tensions of the Cold War, presenting a hypothetical scenario in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union, and Cuba armies.  It is chilling, thought provoking and inspiring at the same time.   The entire movie takes place from the view point of several high school kids, who evade Soviet airborne paratroopers and flee into the mountains.  They slowly turn from average kids into resistance fighters, who fight for their families, their country, and ultimately their freedom.  In my opinion it is a great movie.  When I purchased my DVD drive, I started to look for the perfect DVD to start a collection.  Red Dawn was first one I purchased.   The only down side is that the picture quality isn't perfect, it looks like a copy from tape.  Still, I wouldn't trade it for any other DVD.
 Red Dawn has been repeatedly slammed by rabid left-wing ideologues as being unrealistic for several reasons; some of which the reviewers either take out of context or flat out make up.  "...amazingly they hold off an entire division of russian troops...  There was nothing  in the movie implied or otherwise to indicate the town was taken by a Division. A soviet Division in the 1980's was smaller than a US Division but it still consisted of a few thousand men. A best this was a battalion.  "...I can recall other cornball lines about "600 million screaming chinamen and "I got 7 Migs but the eighth got me.  Actually what he said was, "It was 5 to 1, I got 4. That is not a cornball line. Ask anyone that has been in or around an aviation unit, that's standard bravado you would expect from any pilot. It was extremely realistic dialogue.  "Here's the plot
 History has made this movie dated, but I still continue to enjoy it. There are certain parts of the plot that inspire my patriotism, but it is the guerilla war sequences, that I liked the best.  I have rewatched the action sequences a number of times.  Plus, it has a number of future stars in an ensemble cast.
 Though some people may think that this movie is far fetched because it depicts teenage men and women taking on a communist invasion, I believe that this is a very good movie.   If somehow something like this did happen I think that it is very likely that there would be civilian freedom fighters, look at past wars and invasions and this happens. If you were in this situation would you set back and let them win or would you take up arms and fight for your family, friends, country and freedom.   This movie brings about a very strong feeling of patriotism ( Something our country needs much more of) and is very good to watch around independence day.   "WOLVERINES!!!! This is a potent anti-war movie. Anyone who saw the movie should ask themselves what their reaction to war was after seeing the movie.  Is it glorious? Is it like a John Wayne movie? Do they want to be in a war? Do they want to host a war on their own turf? Is there a glorious end? My own reaction to this movie years ago disturbed me greatly, and this disturbance revealed some things I did not like.  I have never seen a movie where the movie was on American soil (save old movies about 1776, 1812, and the Civil War).  The Russian invasion calls for the suspension of disbelief, like a time travel movie, etc. So lets pretend... The Russians, French, Germans, Chinese, Japanese don't have to pretend.  We do.  I was disturbed by seeing American civilians shot, but I had never been that disturbed by seeing people shot in past war movies.  A tank round blowing up a ranch house in CO that looked like my parents' house made me feel ill. Seeing a French house or some Vietnamese hut in other movies did not.  I guess that was just good clean fun. It is cool to be the high tech army hunting down the enemy on the ground with helicopters.  What does it feel like to be the hunted, and see an armored helicopter hunting you down?  It does not feel as good. The director could have portrayed the enemy any way he wanted to. He did not protray them as monsters, but as schmucks just doing their jobs and wanting to go home. When the first  enemy killing took place, they were not out raping women and throwing babies on bayonets. They were goofy young Russians sight seeing. When Patrick Swayze kills his first Russian, the Russian was the same age as Swayze. They were both kids.  That was deliberate.  There is an American pilot (Powers Boothe) who had quite a few speaking lines in the movie. He does not bash the Russians, but the director could have put any lines he wanted to in his mouth.  If you can get past the unlikely invasion of the US, and want to feel what it is like to be invaded, watch this movie.  BTW, a Russian-Siberian student once told me that many Russian war movies end with the main characters visiting a monument to the fallen heroes at the end of the movie.  I heard that the movie was filmed in Leadville CO.  I also heard that at the screening of the movie in Leadville, several girls ran out of the movie crying. I understand.  Do you?
 If you grew up in the '80s, buy this movie.  I remember everyone in my  neighborhood bought toy AK-47s and black berets after we saw this movie.  I  look at  Red Dawn  and it carries me back to a time when I had  nothing better to do than run through my neighbors' yards with my buddies  and shoot at immaginary Commies.  The plot might seem ridiculous (today,)  but so what?  Aren't movies supposed to be fun?  This movie will always  have a special place in my heart, and I defy anyone who has a brother to  watch the final scene at the railway and not get choked-up.
 I was walking around at the local dvd store yesterday looking for a nice movie to watch that same evening. My eye fell on Red Dawn, and I read what the back of the dvd said. I was tempted and it sounded like an interesting film, so I bought it and watched it.  Red Dawn follows the story of 8 teenagers that manage to escape an attack on their home town when world war III breaks out. They flee into the mountains and from there they attack the enemyforces with gurellia attacks. This leads to great, but also brutal action scenes, thrilling, but also disturbing situations and highly emotional scenes that show the human soul hurt and broke down.  As soon as the credits were rolling over the screen I was quiet and just gazed at the screen, thinking about what I had seen. The message had reached me loud and clear.  The casting of this film is well done. All of the actors act realistic and their emotion feels terribly real, which definitely helps you to feel for them. The cast contains famous stars that where all not that famous  while starring in this film. It contains Patrick Swayze (Dirty Dancing, Road House, Ghost), Charlie Sheen (Platoon, Wall street), Lea Thompson (Back to the Future I, II and III) and Jennifer Grey (Dirty Dancing). The rest of the main cast is less famous (at least, to me), but still do one hell of a job bringing their characters to life that all feel like real personnes in stead of just a few movie characters.  The only thing that should have been different about this film is that you don't really get to know the characters before the war stars. After only about four minutes the attack starts, so you don't really know what kind of main characters you are dealing with. But when they are together and thinking what there can be done, you will see who is who and what kind of characters they are.  The film has a lot of action sequences and thrilling moments that will entertain action and war fans for sure. Also Drama fans are definitely on the right place with this movie cause it really touches you. Comedy fans will have to watch someplace else, cause there are only about two little jokes in the entire film, for the rest the film is shocking, realistic, even disturbing at some points and is definitely not for the faint of heart. It really shows what happens to people during war, how their feelings change, how their entire personality changes. The message is therefor loud and clear
 I remember watching this movie when it first came out on VHS. As a kid, I thought it was a frightening movie, a possible scenario of World War III. After buying the DVD and watching it again, I must say that it still stirs emotions in me. This depiction of an attack on U.S. soil is possible, but improbable. To watch this movie and say that the events shown could NEVER happen is foolish and ignorant. One previous reviewer asks what happened to NATO in the movie. Well, if the reviewer had paid attention, NATO had dissolved in the movie. Another IMPORTANT detail that some reviewers left out was the nuclear attack on most bases and federal headquarters. The communists did not just take all their planes and tanks and just march in. A nuclear  first-strike  was initiated to throw the U.S. completely off-balance. Powers Boothe, who plays a downed F-15 pilot, explains all of these events to the kids that are now acting as guerillas in the movie. As someone who served in the Air Force as a missle launch control officer, I got to see how strategies like the ones portrayed in this movie could work. The whole story in this movie is about Russians and Cubans (along with Nicaraguans) invading the U.S. and how it affects the lives of some high school kids. These kids become  The Wolverines . Named after their high school mascot, they become guerillas, slowly taking out small enemy installations and equipment. They do not single-handedly destroy all the commies as some other reviewers think that was depicted! There were other guerilla units, too.  The film portrays war in a somewhat negative light, but preserves patriotism and acknowledges the legitimacy of the Second Amendment. I highly recommend buying this DVD because of that! The only blemish that it has is the sound quality. I expected better sound with Dolby Digital and DVD quality.
 ... It is just another action film and what if scenario. The acting is wooden, and most of the time, the dialogue is a joke, and there are huge plot holes. But if you just sit back and take the movie for what it is, mind candy, and not as propoganda or a serious attempt at art, then you'll probably find this movie to be entertaining.  As a dvd it doesn't offer much. The trailer, widescreen, and the film. I did have one problem with the subtitles. I found that during the Spanish and Russian dialogue scenes, I had to turn on the subtitles because otherwise those scenes weren't subtitled. Then when English speaking scenes appeared again, I had to turn the subtitles off.
 In the 1980s with American troop and armor strength greatly diminished (before Reagan poured vast amounts of money into the military) the reality of the fall of status quo and surge of communism in the western hemisphere was a distinct reality.  On this idea the film capitalizes.  Many will chalk this movie up to conservative jingoism due the emphasis on patriotism and liberal use of the second amendment.  The question of who would fight to defend their country and the evils of communism are the crux of this movie.  The seemingly nameless characters (I had to watch it again to pick up all the names of the main characters) emphasizes the point that these kids could be anyone.  Granted the special effects are 80s caliber with bullet holes appearing seconds later, if at all.  After all is said and done this DVD asks some compelling questions about the state of America while delivering some excellent bonus features.  I would caution, however, that anyone who has not lived under the fear of communism or studied this era in American history with some vigor may not fully appreciate the intended affect of the film or view it in a serious light.
 This film is a frightening WWWIII scenario from the fertile mind of self-described  zen facist  John Milius.  Mr. Milius is not as gung-ho commando as everyone would like you to believe, it's just that there are about 5 actual conservatives in Hollywood and he happens to be one of them. As scenario's go, it's a nifty one.  Russia and the Warsaw pact take out Europe and NATO dissolves.  Cuban and marxist central American armies use commercial airlines to drop airborne units into the midwestern United States while Russia uses ICBM's to take out key American cities and defense installations.  It is not unrealistic that terrorists or a foreign government could use commercial airliners to launch a sneak attack on our own soil, especially in light of the events of 9-11. Ron O'Neal,  Priest  of  SUPERFLY  fame, plays the leader of the cuban forces, who faces off against the local high school football team which has taken off to the mountains to use their outdoor skills to form a guerrila army and use hit-and-run tactics to fight back.  O'Neal gave a good performance as a man who has become what he depises, as his character fought wars of resistance in central america.  Now, the tables are turned and he has become the imperialist aggressor. Milius is actually using  RED DAWN  as a thinly disguised allegory of the benefits of the second amendmend, which does not give Americans the right to bear arms, but the right to use arms to defend land and country.  While personally, I think a rifle/gun is a cowards weapon, who is to say what a person would do in a kill or be killed situation?  The second amendmend is probably the only thing standing in the way of a total takeover of our country.
 This movie is simply hilarous. Do NOT get this movie if you're planning to get a movie for serious watching. Bullet damage is shown SECONDS after the sound is heard, American army responds to Communist threat using one helicopter and destroying the Soviet forces Rambo style. The acting is simply horrible, it's just like they memorized the lines and said them.  Their dad just HAPPENS to have a gun store, but for some reason decides to not go with them. The Soviet army focuses on private citizens in the U.S. that have weapons instead of the U.S. army. There is ZERO story build up, the action starts like 30 seconds into the movie. Two of the students vote that they surrender themselves to the Soviets, AFTER escaping machine gun bullets and rocket launcher attacks. So far, this is only just a few minutes into the movie. You'll have to get the rest of the cheesy goodness by buying it, if you like what you hear so far this is a MUST BUY. I know I got a good deal!
 Years ago I dismised RED DAWN as one of those agenda movies in the vain of the 1950's Invasion USA. Some of the writing is just plain heavy handed with popular jingos of the time. The invasion scenario while absurd was popular in intelligence and military circles at the time. The acting is slightly better than "Summer stock with some notable exceptions and cameos. Powers Boothe for instants plays a fighter pliot turned Special Forces Adviser with conviction although his character is clearly a composite.  Today and after the past ten years I revisted the film again and it "dawned on me this movie is oddly about the 1980's Soviet-Afghan War. The Wolverines are clearly the Majahideen and  thier tactics are almost textbook examples of guerrilla warfare.
 Red Dawn is an illustrious film made in 1984. The movie takes place in COlorado where a benevolent town is taken over by nefarious rebels. The behemoth group of rebels parachuted in and aimed to fell anyone who showed signs of creating proficient resistance. What the rebels didn't know was that a once unheralded group of teens called the Wolverines had suppressed to the mountains unnoticed. This group made of actors, Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Gray, Ben Thompson, Powers Boothe, and Harry Dean Stanton soon decide it is time to make an ostentatious series of attacks against the malcontented rebels. The Wolverines are able to quell the enemy at first, in hopes of rejuvenating patriotism back into their captured friends and family. After inflicting many casualties on the rebels, the Wolverines energy levels are slowly depleted but they won't be dithered. Finally, American forces are able to take over the area and avenge some of the American casualties as things return to normal in the allusion of World War 3 that this movie creates.
 The movie "Red Dawn extols a vision of war in the future with somewhat a chimerical idea of Russian invasion.  A group of teens oscillate to the Rocky Mountains from their town that has been confounded by communism.  Here they rejuvenate and come together to later suppress and get revenge on the Russians who have hurt and killed their family and friends.  These acts of patriotism countervail them in the end, for some of the Wolverines are depleted.  This 1880's style movie is an allusion to World War 2.  Stars Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen give a slew of famous actors and actresses which are voluble throughout this movie.  I give it 4 stars for its banter manner and resplendent point of view.  All in all this was enjoyable to see.
 The film Red Dawn depicts the story of a World War II senario involving a motley group of students in the mid-west taking on the Cuban and Soviet insurgents.  I extol this film for the inspiring scenes and cast including Patrick Swayze, Harry Dean Stanton, Charlie Sheen, Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.    The film begins with the Soviets and the cubans using commerical airlines to transport some paratroupers in the mid-west of the United States near a school yard.  A paucity of students used thier outdoor skills and hit and run tactics in guerrila warfare against the enemies assuagley.  The parents of these kids were found culpable of their childrens' actions and were both restrained and depleted.  When finding out about the death of come of there parents they aspired to new heights by avenging the malcontent deaths with a countervail against the Soviets had exacererbated the situation by killing there parents and had further tarnished their reputation.  The students construed a plan to explode the town and eniemie forces.  Eventually, only two wre ble to survive, a small paucity from the begginning.  This movie is a true reflection of he era and I extol it with four stars.
 Red Dawn was a movie that extoled teenagers for their benevolent acts, in order to ascertain their countries rights.  When the Russians parachuted into the small Colorado town and depleted weapons from an airplane, their unheralded attack lead the teenagers fleeing to the mountains.  They were abstemious at first,until they fell a deer.  After being restrained together in the mountains for so long,they stopped bantering with each other and became noisome after Patrick Sawyze wanted to impeach Dan off the mountain.  The group of teens formed the "Wolverines and became bellicose.  They wanted to confound the Russians by avenge.  They exacerbated the war after killing some Russians behemoths.  The teenagers ingratiated themselves in the community, but became a paucity after being duped during a nefarious attack in the woods.
 Red Dawn was a theatrical response to the 1983 ABCTV movie "The Day After A conventional non-nuclear attack on U.S. soil by communist nations like Cuba and Central America supported by the Soviet Union was considered a more realistic scenario than a push-button thermonuclear war.  After the movie's release, schoolteachers talked about this issue in classrooms informing children and teens nationwide that retreating to the mountains and forests of rural America offered the best chance for  survival, and Red Dawn was the only movie that addressed that concern in a present-day style scenario, and NOT a post-apocalyptic future.  To explain the movie as a simple icon of 80's paranoia, Mad Max future, or Reagan-era propaganda is just stacking bias with more layers of bias.  The idea of a 'nuclear freeze' to halt production of nuclear warheads was a hot-button election issue from the opposition which never mounted to anything because Reagan won 49 of 50 states in a landside against Mondale.  The fear of an attack on America was considered quite real at the time.  It was not simply 2nd ammendment propaganda or revisionist history discribed by the main Amazon.com review.  The bulk of the negative criticism of Red Dawn at the time of its release was primarily its violence.  It was considered the most violent movie ever released to mainstream cinema due to the unusually high number of characters being brutally killed.  This movie should be seen as one more example of how Americans thought about the world at the time when globalization was feared if it was controlled by a possible rise of global communism out of world famine.  Red Dawn, in my opinion, is a pop culture classic.
 The most recent reviewers should do a little reading
 This movie
 In 1984, John Milius wrote and directed  Red Dawn , starring Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen. It describes a joint Communist Cuban/Soviet invasion of the Rocky Mountains. Aside from its Cold War warning, it was an ode to the gun lobby. In an early scene, a pick-up truck has a bumper sticker reading  You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers.  A Communist soldier then pries a gun from the hands of a dead Colorado resident. A group of high school football players who had been taught how to hunt, fish and live off the land by their dad, take to the mountains and form a guerilla unit, attacking the Communist occupiers in series of daring raids. In the end, the Communists are defeated and World War III is won. The high school boys are memorialized for their courage and daring in the early, dark days of the fight for freedom.
 some have called this movie the paranoid fantasy of a nut, others have called it one of the most patriot movies of the 80's. I personally think it is one  of the greatest action movies with some cautionary tales even for us today.  MAIN FEATURE  First off the movie itself transferred great to DVD, the sound, the opening, everything is just as i remember it when i first saw it in 1990(i know it came out in 84 but i first saw it in 1990)the opening sequence is just as powerful today as it was back then, and the ending still hits me in the gut. the characters, setting, and acting are as relevant today as they were in 1990 or 1984 and the locations could be anywhere and make you wonder how close this came to being real.  SPECIAL FEATURES The special feature are also great the making of red dawn(red Dawn rising) is excellent, and the other excellent feature was the making of the red menace feature which told how they made the soviet tanks and vehicles, also the ww3 come to town feature was also good and added alot to the history of the movie, the training feature was stuff i had seen before in other movies but it was ok. the inclusion of the theatrical trailer was an added bonus for someone who saw it late when i was a kid.  NEGATIVES the only really negative things i can say is this first off they could have done more with the extra features like add in something about about the possibility of such an event or thoughts from people today on the movie, the other thing is that there will be some people who cannot take the politics out of the film and will be horrified by the message it makes.  ENDING and FINAL THOUGHTS in closing if you are the kind of person who sees politics in every movie or you dont like the second amendment then steer clear of this movie, but if you loved the original or are new to the movie and bought it cause the new remake is coming out in 2012 and you wanted to see the original then you will enjoy one great movie.
 Most reviews for this film focus on the conservative values in the message, and the improbability of the events taking place. Neither is important.  This is not a pro-war film 1) Remember, Jed didn't want to fight at first. He new his family would want him to remain safe and hidden. He only fought, and led his friends and brother into fighting AFTER his family was murdered.  2) The dialog never focuses on the "killing those commie bastards". The message is that Jed and team "live here and that's what drove them to their actions, they didn't invade Russia, right? 3) There is as much focus on the Cuban officer's conflicts about war and reasons for being involved. Remember he had the opportunity to kill matt and Jed at the end of the film and didn't. And that sappy part just before Matt and Jed attack at the end of the film where he is reminiscing about better times. Films don't have to be realistic to make a point. Who cares if the likely-hood of this happening is unrealistic? Who cares if the United States has ever been invaded and the line extending through Colorado is unlikely (although the colonel explained the line worked it's way north after months of fighting, over the grill just after he joined the wolverines.)  Films can be whatever the hell they want, to express any point they like. Simplifying this film to a pro-war, pro-arms, right-wing prop piece is too simple, and really, unfortunate. I think the bottom line message is that war is terrible. The most interesting take away from the film, especially given the current situation in Iraq where American troops are being retaliated against, is that it tells a very common and very modern story from an uncommon perspective. Our nation has inflicted the kind of hurt represented in this film many times. Guerrilla rebellion, much like that in Iraq, has happened before. Maybe this film can help us to speculate the "what if"? Maybe it can help us understand why people fight back when they have nothing to lose and their families have been lost. Maybe it can help us better understand the role of the aggressor in the many conflicts our nation participates in. ...
 Wow, this movie was not affraid to push the boundaries.  Intense and dramatic, just when you think the movie is going to lighten up and become a little more "hollywood, boom something unexpected happens and you go further in.  Overall it is good movie, just don't go into it thinking it will be something like "Ruskies of even "The Goonies on some level.  This is a drama if there ever was one.
 I first saw this movie in the theater in 1984 and I loved it then and I still do. Although the movie is dated, it's still a good flick today. As a history major, It's always interesting to see a movie that asks  what if , since the last time foreign troops made war on US soil was in 1815 at the Battle of New Orleans. The combat scenes are well done, and the Pumas make good stand-ins for Mi-24 Hind As, and the equipment looks very good-in fact, the T-72 replicas even attracted CIA attention, as two agents showed up at the set asking about the T-72 and other simulated Soviet armor-it looked that real. As for the characters, you see that among the Americans, you find those who resist, eagerly collaborate with the enemy, and those who are trying to make the best of a VERY Bad situation.You also find among the Soviet/Cuban?Nicaraguan forces a mix of types-a professional Spetsnatz officer for whom counterinsurgency is his business (Afghan vet?), A Soviet General who dismisses the guerillas (and pays the supereme penalty later), and a Cuban who has seen and done too much and knows he has a LOT of blood on his hands.  There are a few plot holes that could be explained-how did Darrel get caught and planted with a tracker to lead the Spetznatz to the camp? Where's the rest of the US military? Granted they're pretty busy, but an appearance by Army SF or Rangers, or more USAF activity would have been a good addition to the movie. Or how about some more locals helping out-like the salesgirl who tells Jed about the KGB taking people away.  All in all, a great war movie.
 The first time I saw this in the mid 80s I thought it was kind of cool,  with great action, and a bit over the top. I never bought it because I just didn't think it was worth owning. Over the years as I have seen this on TV I realized this was worthy of a revisit to my initial opinion. As I have grown in age, I realized these young teens are thrown into a whole different world and their over-acting if you will, is quite honestly nothing more than I think a teen would do when stressed to this point. After all they lose their families and their world is turned upside down. What am I talking about, any adult would over-act as well in this kind of post holocaust situation. Basicly become distraught and over emotional.  So all things considered this movie deserves much more credit than it typically gets from critics. It is a good fictional story. The action and special effects are well done. I finally ordered a copy for my DVD library. Don't wait till you have seen it at least a half dozen times on TV like me. The commercials are to painful for that. You can even buy it with "Navy Seals in a two pack for less than fifteen dollars. "Navy Seals is a reasonably good movie as well and for about seven dollars and change each it is a good deal. Navy Seals has Charlie Sheen, Michael Biehn, Bill Paxton, Dennis Haysbert, and several other familiar faces. Good action movie that most people will enjoy. So grab a Big Gulp and a big bowl of popcorn and make an afternoon of it.
 If you remember the mini-series "Amerika from a few years later (1987) this movie has a similar premise, except that it's a single feature and is only 2 hours long. In the movie, NATO has been dissolved, Europe is impotent to help, there is a Communist revolution in Mexico, and the U.S. is now isolated. At that point the USSR carries out a successful first nuclear strike and the central portion of the U.S. is occupied by Russian, Cuban, and Nicaraguan forces. "Free America zones still exist on the west and east coast.  As a depiction of what behind-the-lines guerilla warfare would be like after a Soviet takeover, I found it fairly realistic but I'm not an expert on military matters and especially guerilla tactics. I note some people here found the success of the high school students improbable, but another more knowledgeable reviewer pointed out that initially guerillas often are very successful but then that dwindles as the enemy figures out what's going on and how to combat it--which was what happened in this movie when most of the original band eventually get killed.  The movie has a solid cast of young actors and Powers Boothe has a role as a downed F-15 pilot who helps mentor the young guerillas until he's killed. Harry Dean Stanton, the legendary character actor who has appeared in hundreds of films, has a brief role as one of the boy's fathers. And viewers can see Charlie Sheen in an early role before he became much more famous, or perhaps infamous, later on.  There's enough action in the movie, with numerous staged raids by the young guerillas to keep your interest up during the entire movie. Toward the end of the movie the young band takes out a Soviet tank in a difficult action which I thought was one of the best scenes. I found it to be a credible depiction of what might happen if the USSR did in fact bring off a first nuclear strike, destroying our missiles, military bases, important cities, and political centers first, and what the occupation during the aftermath might be like.  With the dissolution of the former Soviet Union such a scenario is of course unlikely, but at the time Glasnost was still some years in the future, the collapse of the Berlin wall another 6 years away, and the Cold War was still on. As a reminder of what could have happened this movie is still worth a look.  By the way, there's an excellent Wikipedia article on this movie which mentions among other things that this was the first movie given a PG-13 rating.  I also note that the mini-series Amerika doesn't appear on Amazon so apparently it never made it to video, which is too bad since I would liked to have seen it again. It is listed on the IMDB, which mentions that it was made in response to the 1983 movie, The Day After, which some viewed as left-wing propaganda. There's also a good Wikipedia article on it too if you're interested.
 I don't know who led off with your Editorial Review (just below the product information) but I don't think it's very smart to trash a movie, beliefs and lifestyle that many of your customeres consider almost iconic.  Red Dawn was a stark and in many ways very realistic view of something my generation grew up with, the real threat of WWIII.  The movie also ties into the imagination and feelings of young people who grew up under this nuclear cloud.  Would I have gone to the hills and fought an invader, you bet I would have, and most of the people I grew up with would have too!  As far as trashing the second amendment.  I defy your reviewer to look at any other historical example of a country moving in that direction that hasn't resulted in an oppressed citizenship or outright facism.  I would hope your product presentation people would be a little more careful in the future about how they lead into product information...
 I saw this movie in the theaters. I liked it then and I still like it now, in spite of being a  left-wing wacko.  Being roughly of the same age as the people in the movie, I saw this movie as a renunciation of what I was being told at the time, that the young people of America were lost and useless. So I enjoyed that positive message. Yes, there's a fair amount of cheesy dialogue. Yes, there are a few minor plot problems. (Not as many as some people might think, if they actually watched the whole movie and paid attention.) On the whole, it still works for me and not just because of nostalgia. I am somewhat disappointed by the quality of this DVD. The sound isn't as good as I expected. The picture quality isn't that great either. I hope at some point, they'll remaster this movie and re-release it, maybe with some commentary from some of the now grownup stars, for example. One thing that caught my attention today was that the operation to capture Saddam Hussein was called,  Red Dawn.  And the two locations the military was investigating were called Wolverine 1 and Wolverine 2. I wonder how that came about. Apparently, there are still some fans of the movie in the Fourth ID. Anyway, this left-wing wacko gives this movie two thumbs up. It's entertaining, which is all I expected then and more than I expect now.
 All of the strong opinions aside, this movie dates waaay back before Americans realized that the people of the Soviet Union stood in line for three days for shoes, and it was a coin toss if they would wear them or eat them. Hollywood needs a bad guy, and the Soviets were ripe material. Even that being said, the opening scrawl sets up a very hypothetical situation, a series of events, that weakens America's stance in the world theatre that opens up the possibility of a Communist invasion.  As a movie, it's simple, got some good action and young people trying to come to grips with the world gone mad and the role they are forced to play. The movie is dated, plays upon a world situation now long gone in the history books. But, you don't have to think much or follow a deep plot or get too much into the characters. The story does not ask much, has one or two humorous right-wing nods to common gun control issues, and delivers a movie that leaves you asking, "where did they find all of those Soviet model armored vehicles?  Hollywood is about to release a re-make, where apparently China gets tired of waiting for Obama to pay back that $800 billion he borrowed, and are tired of SNL making funny skits of the situation, and so invade the U.S. to get their money back. If you think this 80s movie was bad, just wait until the remake and you will come to appreciate this simple film shot in lovely Las Vegas, NM.
 Of course, the events portrayed in "Red Dawn could never have taken place. The US armed forces would never have allowed such an invasion to get a toehold, let alone to be completed - the lessons of Normandy, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa were too fresh in the memory. Besides, no foreign nation could have defeated the US forces on their own ground.  That said, the movie constitutes a marvellous mental exercise in seeing things from the other guy's point of view. Scan through the reviews here, and count the references to dealing with the invader the American way - with hot lead, cold steel, etc. Then turn the picture upside down, and imagine the invaders are Americans and British, and the Wolverines are Iraqi or Afghan "insurgents". If you do it quickly enough, you will probably get some invaluable cognitive dissonance, as your ideas are shaken up. Then, perhaps, you will realize that Americans don't have a monopoly on hating and resisting invaders. Everyone feels exactly the same.  As an action movie, "Red Dawn scores high. Apart from the implausibility of the whole scenario, the plot is reasonably credible and consistent. Like "The Patriot and "Braveheart", it stirs the blood with exciting combat sequences. Strongly recommended for all but military nitpickers.
 My goodness this movie can still get some folks worked up can't it? My wife calls me a moderate Republican - which I consider to be a compliment. I like this movie and what it has to say about patriotism, defending ones  home, the destruction of the soul due to warfare, and standing by one's  family and friends. Isn't it interesting that those films which push so  hard beliefs that many find to be offensive, such that the American family  is corrupt and dysfunctional ala American Beauty, are heaped with awards  and critical acclaim. Yet let a movie be made that promotes somewhat more  traditional beliefs like Red Dawn does and it is instantly attacked as a  piece of right wing / white supremacist garbage. If one doubts this just  look at the comments made by Hillary Clinton in regards to Mel Gibson's  movie The Patriot. This movie isn't evil nor is it a handbook for right  wing terrorists. It simply takes a scenario that seemed viable in the early  80's and runs with it. Throughout history gurreilla forces have been  comprised of the young, old, fat, thin, rich and poor. A fight against an  occupation force is alwys vicious and unrelenting. And the Soviets did  engage in atrocities in Afghanistan, the Ukraine, and Hungary in 56 and so  on. I don't understand why so many find it unbelievable that if they had  occupied us they wouldn't have done the same. Perhaps because we are  Americans and  bad things like that don't happen to us? Well this movie is  basically a war movie in the tradition of the forties and at times it isn't  very sophisitcated, but by golly it does move out with a purpose. I just  find the still active controversy over it to be fun. It definitely shows  the difference between we nasty conservatives and the enlightened liberal  elites. I for one thought that the mayor of the town, who serves the  invaders so easily, could be the poster child for the  new   Centrist Liberals.
 If I were to say nothing else about Red Dawn, it contains perhaps the most awe inspiring (while, perhaps, simultaneously stupid) opening of any film I've ever seen. Watch for a South Park, "they killed Kenny..  moment as a student hangs out a window in a backround shot of the attack on the school.  Unfortunately, squabbles between America's right and left have twisted this movie's meaning into something almost unrecognizable. Maybe I am mistaken (certainly, most of the other reviews would disagree with me) but I have never thought there was anything which fundamentally constrained this film's theme to the time and place it is set in. The director, John Milius, takes pains (his characters sometimes explicitly mouth the connection)to draw parrallels between the guerilla actions in the film, and those which occured in Afghanistan, Central America, Vietnam, etc.  Murray Rothbard notes in his review how the phases the Russians go through, in countering the film's guerillas, mirror those used by US commanders in Vietnam
 For all those (especially those from the former Soviet Union) who dismiss this movie as simple-minded right-wing propaganda I would ask that you read  about the Soviet invasions, and the resulting brutalization, of Hungary,  Czechoslovakia, Poland, and Afghanistan.  The Leninist-Stalinist strain of  communism was aggressive and the brutal behavior of the Soviet army during  that era is well-documented.  The Maoist version is no better (see the  Cultural Revolution and the Tianammen Square massacre).  As for the idea of  high school students managing a small guerrilla war being unrealistic,  check out the recent news articles about Burmese rebels led by 12 year old  twins.  How completely far-fetched!  How laughable!  But it's true.  For  the open-minded, Red Dawn is an interesting and thoughtful examination of  what could have been.  Fortunately, the Reagan administration's economic  and military policies led to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end  of the Cold War without a shot being fired.  Quite an accomplishment for a  bunch of right-wing warmongerers, don't you think?
 Great little movie , it was though the writer ,producer and director had looked in to the future forseeing the destruction of the country. Foreign troops russian and cubans oppressing,killing our people , fathers mothers children and atomic war destoring our cities. Yet a small band of untrained youth take up the action and fight back , all the young actors played great parts , Patrick Swayze , charlie sheen a strong brother connection of leadership , C F Howell Lea Thompson and Jennifer Grey  adapting thru fear tears to become strong willing to give their lives for freedom. Made in 1984 , Los Vegas New Mexico , everyone should see it and consider its message that was openly displayed by the writer ,Valkyrie and Sidney Beckman Know how to stirr your emotions and leave with WHAT IF !!!!!!!!! LUDDY
 Many Americans think that bad guys cannot take over the US.  Perhaps the plot of this film is not likely, but it was far more possible than I think many Americans realize.  The film is thought provoking, and entertaining if you like adventure films.  It also reaffirms the moral bankruptcy of communism and other totalitarian regimes.  Many critics do not like this film because it leaves the impression that our individual ownership of weapons is a very important right under our Constitution.  Our founding fathers knew that.  This film just makes the modern case for the necessity of our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and the danger of totalitarian governments.
 Despite the somewhat bombastic patriotism, this film does have its parallels in history.  Taking lessons from the Russian and Yugoslav partisans in World War II, the filmaker has set the scene in a Colorado  town using a 1970s Army War College scenario of an overwhelming  conventional assault on the continental United States as a backdrop.  With  this as a beginning, the film actually portrays a believable situation.  The acting is above average, with several good performances by Powers  Booth, Patrick Swazye and Jennifer Grey.  You'll also see some other faces  of the hollywood  brat pack  in small parts, most notably Charlie  Sheen.  For those who say  it couldn't happen , one only needs to  look as far as the Crimea, Ukraine, Yugoslavia, and France from 1941-1944.
 The series is great and a good way to practice listening comprehension with Japanese as well as be entertained. It is a dark series, but for those that like murder mystery, suspense, and horror, it is a great watch.
 Excellent anime. The volume 7 is a good one to reinforce the new characters.
 I have read the whole Manga series and my wife didn't. We both enjoy watching the Anime together. The Anime stays faithful to the Manga story. The plot gets more complicated and interesting by 10 folds. She is really getting sucked in the story as Light & L battle wits. The enclosed mini L statue is plasticy and nothing too excited. I wouldn't buy it on its own. But for a few bucks along with the DVD, it isn't bad and L crouches happily on top of our TV. You may want to concider the regular edition without the statue. What I hate about the series is the English dubbing, which quite lame, but not bad. The extras are nothing to be excited about, so I subtracted a star for the cons I mentioned. Otherwise, it is a must buy.
 If you've seen volumes one and two, you know what to expect
 I like this, i wish they had more than just vol 1&2 that are english dubbed.
 Most anime fans have heard of Death note.  Light yagami picks up a notebook of a death god.  Now he can kill people by writing in the notebook.  The dub is pretty good.  It does the series justice.
 This video consists of interviews with Segovia at his home and throughout the countryside and villages of Spain in 1969. Three full pieces performed on film,the rest are excerpts or background music narrating shots of the Spanish countryside. Also , footage of a child and donkey ,etc. illustrating a piece from  Platero and I  as Segovia reads from the poem of the same name in Spanish.The coverage of his playing is good , as are the interviews. This has better film coverage and sound of the playing than the  Segovia Legacy  video. video is 1 hour long.Worth the money.
 I think Sugar Valentine was a great movie, besides for the fact that was based on a true story, this movie was written in a perfect way so that you would follow it and like it all. Overall I think it was a great movie. *Sponsored Post
 Sugar Valentine was a good movie that needed to tell the story and little bit more. It left you wondering what happened in between because it is a true story.  Sugar was a broke pimp that was trying to get his game back and in the meantime he fell in love with an undercover cop that took the little bit of his pimp game away.
 Paz Vega creates the steamiest Carmen ever in this gorgeous period drama. She brings the character to life. This isn't Bizet's Carmen, though. This one takes impulsiveness and fiery temper to extremes, and combines that volatile mix with a personality that seems to interact with others only to manipulate them. Then, with raw sensuality as her lure and reward, she brings out the same in men, not just poor Jos&eacute;.  The settings come to life almost as much as the characters - that cavernous cigar factory at the start, the cities of nineteenth century Spain (but much older), and the rocky, raw wilds ruled by bandits. Award-winning costumes help too, including gaudy soldier's uniforms, and elaborate recreations of women's clothes, down to humble details like drawers.  Don't expect to like these characters. Jos&eacute;'s military honor implodes, leaving a shell of murderous jealousy. Carmen herself - kissing a viper seems safer. Not even the lush promise of her body makes that look like such a good deal. Nice people don't make good drama, and these are very dramatic. Recommended, but not for the skin-shy.  -- wiredweird
 This film is an adaptation of the original story that the opera Carmen was based on. It has a great look ( very Goya in it's landscapes ) and it has an actress, Paz Vega, who is quite believeable as a woman who could make most fellows stray off the straight and narrow!!! Well worth a look!
 This film is an almost line-by-line retelling of Prosper M&eacute;rim&eacute;e's short story Carmen, which, decades later, became the source of Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Hal&eacute;vy's libretto for Bizet's opera. The American DVD edition cover dutifully dumbs this down for our consumption
 I should have read the description and reviews before ordering. I thought I was ordering the opera CARMEN, which I have loved since seeing it on television in the 1960s, even though I was a teenager and a fan of The Beatles and other pop/rock music. I've always had an open mind and loved all kinds of music.  This is not a musical. It is a movie based on the storyline of the opera.  CARMEN is in Spanish, but has the option of subtitles in English as well as other languages. The film and sets are beautiful, as is the actress Paz Vega, who plays the part of Carmen.  I can't give it less than four stars, because it is a very well made movie. I will now have to find a good version of the opera to order. I would appreciate any suggestions.
 This is a very well directed movie, showing how a person can go from normal to outlaw to criminal by falling in love with the wrong woman, admirably played by Paz Vega. The action is all very credible, a testament to the quality of acting.  If you want to understand the concept of Femme Fatale, you should see it.
 Having gone to opera, I knew pretty much what was going to happen, but this movie really fleshed it out. There is a lot of nudity, but it makes sense ? I didn't mind reading the subtitles as I would rather hear their real voices instead.  Hard to believe a opera written in 1800's still stands up and is still current.  Actors were outstanding in their roles, I highly recommend this movie.
 If you are looking for a video that depicts the struggles of immigrants coming to America, then this video is an eye opener. It will provide you with insights that you would never thought about.  The video will give you ideas on what we can do to help our immigrants be more successful and independent.
 Good film showing the struggles of two refugees' integration into American society.  Shows the everyday struggles of two young men that have known nothing but hardship.  This documentary shows bits of life in the refugee camp, through their transition and first year in America.  Would've liked to have gotten more of their back story, as it is an amazing story of survival.
 I would love to see how these guys mature over many years.  I hope they're encouraged to pursue medical careers because Africa needs more teaching hospitals and more science education.  The boys make a good impression of their tribe and I love their deep rich coloring.  They look awesome.  I saw this documentary when it aired after Dinka Diaries and I think that Lost Boys should be viewed first and considered as the main movie and Dinka Diaries is kind of an extra feature.
 I saw this film on TV and quite liked it. Can't rate the DVD but the journey these people from Africa to the US (Texas I think) is truly amazing. I can't imagine what it would be like to experience it first hand but thankfully the film takes us on their journey. Well worth seeing.
 ...It is scary - Dink and friends are often being chased by T-Rex, who roars like a lion - and yet my son really wants/needs to watch it. The animation is done by the Hanna-Barbera studios of my childhood. The video contains 5 or so stories about Dink and his friends' adventures as little dinosaurs. The stories teach simple lessons about helping others and the dangers of practical jokes. Although, I basically think this video is fine, I would have preferred something less intense. That's not to say my son would prefer that though!
 Unlike "CN Halloween Volume 3", "CN Christmas Volume 3 is probably the best one yet !  Here's a look at what episodes this DVD has
 Although I enjoyed all of the shows on this DVD, the title is deceptive. The "Camp Lazlo episode has nothing to do with anything. The "Ed,Edd n Eddy and "Foster's Home For Imaginary Friends episodes are based on bithdays ... so "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy and "Codename Kids Next Door are the only two episodes based on X-mas. The DVD is promoted as Cartoon Network Christmas 3 leading you to believe that the cartoons would be based around X-mas episodes. Don't get me wrong, all the episodes were good with minor distractions (heavy blinking) where commericals were to be inserted in the longer shows. Overall, I enjoyed this DVD as a lot of the good cartoons are very rarely shown anymore.
 While on a routine mission to resupply the Tantalus V rehabilitation colony, Kirk and company are shocked to discover that the facility's director is using a mind-control device to control the inmates. ''Dagger of the Mind'' is one of the better episodes from Star Trek's first season.  While there are some plot inconsistencies and gaps in the story-line, the episode is quite enjoyable.  This episode contains moments of high drama and suspense, as well some action.  Here are a few of my observations
 Over the years, my sister Cathy and I have used Dr. Simon Van Gelder's description of the Neural Neutralizer as a catch-all description of things unpleasant
 I watched the whole series, not just this box set. I am including this as there is not much commentary in north america about this series.  This was a pretty good series. Only drawback is that animation is quite mediocre ie if used to ghost in the shell/mamoru oshi stuff, then it looks very cheap. Cheap in that there is not much contrast in color scheme & palette is bluish.  HOwever, if you liked MIDNIGHT RUN w/ De Niro which action sequences were very clever, not predictable & situations were funny. THen YOu would love this series.  Not as pretentious as NOIR. Very Fun.  Please note that amazon review that this show is very fan service is wrong. Only fan service really in opening credit & beginning episodes. NOT like Aika or Najica level.
 I just ordered Smallville season 10 and Thought is was a good deal at $20.99, however i realized after I ordered that best buy has it for $14.99 with free shipping this week. I wish I would have checked out their site first, I could have saved 6.00. Amazon usually has the best price. Would be great if they refunded me the difference but I doubt they will. I loved Smallville and the whole series was entertaining. Season 10 was a decent ending to a great show. Too bad they wouldn't come up with a Justice League series with all the super heroes that were on Smallville.
 The tenth and final season of "Smallville features some outstanding shows such as the premiere episode, "Lazarus and the series' 200th episode, "Homecoming. Of course the march to the finale kept fans tuning in week after week. I have watched the show for years and enjoyed it although I realized it was uneven at times and didn't always pay off. To me, the final show, "Finale is a perfect example of this. A lot of season ten was spent on Clark and Lois Lane's relationship and plans for the wedding. The first hour of the finale focused on the wedding and then, guess what? No wedding! It may happen seven years from now! What??!! Then, we were teased with the Superman suit in the first episode and other shows including the next-to-last show. Did they pay that off? No, of course not! Welling never dons the suit. We get a CGI Superman flying and a rip of his shirt revealing the Superman logo for the final shot. Even an extreme close-up of Welling with a CGI cape billowing behind him. Again, what the heck??!! I really had faith that writers Brian Peterson and Kelly Souders would come through. Now I am left with a disappointment with the series due to the finale and Tom not flying with the suit on. The pay-offs were lacking. We did get a great scene of Jonathan handing the suit to Clark (for what good that did!) and a great shot of Clark flying out of the fortress and I liked the shot too when Lois saw him flying outside the plane. But I had hoped to smile when I think of the finale and I don't. I did like the scene when Jonathan and Martha and Clark all embrace in the barn as Apocalypse is heading toward earth. One can only hope that maybe a reunion movie will be made some day and Tom Welling, realizing how disappointed many fans were, will actually no longer fear to put the suit on. I will buy this season but with a mixed bag of emotions.
 While many fans of the show have shown mixed feelings about the finale after thinking about the entire series from begging to end while it wasn't what many were expecting and while it lets us down a little the finale still was pretty appropriate for the series in general.  If you've seen the show from the first season then this is a must have for any completest fan,  I'm a little sad the see the show finally over but after a long run of ten years the producers and creators have the right to be very proud of the shows success to stay on the air that long.  So for fans of the Superman universe here's comes a great set for us to enjoy and lament a little of a show we knew as Smallville...
 <a href="http
 Okay, this is it, my final review of Smallville for Season 10.  The ending of the show had its high points and low points, lets run down the episodes!  1. Lazurs.....In great Smallville fashion. A great opening........to the season, some incredible moments with Lex showing up (NOT Michael Rosenbaum) at least not yet  2.  Shield...........Hated the new character of Cat Grant......made this episode unwatchable.  But a little interesting storyline with Lois and Carter in Egypt  3. SUpergirl.........Kara returns,  good episode for the season  4. Homecoming.......Probably the best episode of the whole season,  A look into Clarks future,  Brainiac returns!  5. Isis........DID NOT LIKE IT!  6.  Harvest.........DID NOT LIKE IT!........but be sure to watch the Tess/Alexandar storyline........very powerful  7.  Ambush.......The Lanes are back together.......2 words....MICHAEL Ironside.....and keep ur eye open for Teri Hatcher  8.  Abanonded.....great episode.....we learn that much more about Tess.....does she have a relationship with somebody?  9.  Patriot.......oh god, Aquman returns...LAME  10. Luthor.......YES LIONEL Luthor returns,  AWESOME  11.  Icarus........decent episode,  a character dies.  12.  Collaterl.....What is Chloe up to.  Great episode  13. Beacon.......Good episode,  Martha Kent is back  14. Masquerade.......I thought it was a rather boring episode.  15. Fortune.....Funny episode.....The whole crew wakes up from a "hangover  16. Scion.......good episode.....So is Alexandar good or bad?  17. Kent........great episode.....What? Jonathan Kent is back??  18.  Booster.....not one of my favs  19. Dominon....Clark and Oliver are back in the PHantom Zone.  GREAT EPISODE!  20.  Propechy.....The build up to the FINAL episode.....What is happening to Oliver??  21.  THE FINAL EPISODE.........Could have been better, it was good but not great.  Dont really get a clear shot of Clark flying or in the suit....Michael Rosenbaum returns,  but it didnt do anything for me  All in all, it was a great SHOW!  But the final episode, could have been so much stronger!
 I just saw the last two episodes of Smallville they mostly talked threw the hole show there were no real fight scene's and to top it off we really didn't see  him in his superman close's and if we did it was from far away. I think they could have done a better job for the last episode they were suppose to have darkside on there and trust me dark side looks nothing like what they had on the show he really didn't even fight superman. They only showed Green Arrow for like 15 seconds then the talking part was like 30 minutes I seen better Superman stuff then what they did, Superman Returns and Justice League did way better job's then that, Im sorry I watch Smallville for a long time but the episode was not that good, for any show to have a last episode it dosen't matter if its Icarly,Ben 10 or 24 you make sure the last episode is the best.
 This is coming from a fan of the entire series. I have watched every episode, deleted scene, commentary, and other special feature from it. I even bought some of the music from it on itunes. When I got to this season, I couldn't wait to finally see superman. I was excited for the finale as I am sure any reader of this review would be. I want to share my feelings about this season alone and hopefully it would help you decide whether or not to purchase it.  I would only recommend buying it if you are diehard like me. If you haven't seen ALL of the episodes before this season, I really mean ALL, you may not understand the ending. This season is about tying up all the loose ends from EVERY previous episode. The series had a lot of loose ends in it and you can tell in this season the writer's had to select their words very carefully to be consistent throughout the finale story. They pulled off the finale exceptionally well but if you don't have the big picture of the other seasons first, you may get lost and regret using your money buying this season.  If you watch movies and shows purely for entertainment purposes, you won't be disappointed. It is a very entertaining season. It has drama, humor, action, sexiness, and heartwarming moments. There are times where you will feel all emotions. There is one episode with Oliver Queen that I particularly think everyone would enjoy. I laughed so hard I am sure the neighbors a block away could hear.  This season is about darkness and love. Both are portrayed visually. I would not allow someone younger than 16 to watch this because some of moments are a little too grown up for kids any younger. That's my opinion though.  The bluray version, which I own, is probably not much better than the DVD version in terms of graphics and sound. You would be happy with either. I bought the bluray because I am a believer that bluray will last longer.  I had high hopes that it would go out with a bang. It was actually how expected it to be. I give it four stars because I had fun but really I don't think everyone who watches it will.
 I was of cource thrilled to see him fly and become superman. But the acting of lois is really bad  and went on my nervs. This was a bad coise of casting the role. At all a good ending of a long jorney.
 Smallville has been fun.  But it was time to end it.  This set comes in a plastic case that's pretty sturdy.  The previous seasons I've bought, except for 9, are in cardboard cases.  What I can say is to be careful and buy it right from Amazon.  I got it from a marketplace seller at first and was sent a bootleg copy.  It was a really authentic-looking copy.  But it was a copy none-the-less.  No copy protection.  Single-layer compressed video.  Pretty cheap veneer on the discs (easily scratched).  The authentic set is better quality.
 Clark Kent faces his final challenge to finally become the Man of Steel in Smallville
 I absolutely loved Season 10 for about 12 or 13 episodes. The first episode was absolutely friggin brilliant. The whole Lex Luthor thing even seemed feasible....a bit of a stretch...but I was willing to go with it.  The episodes that followed in which they were trying to figure out how their relationship could work was the brightest spot of the whole season for me. That whole darkness and cape business seemed to drag the storylines down. I wish the focus would have stayed on Clark and Lois. Loved the show. Hope their is a spin off of some kind in the future.
 The product was excellent and a welcomed end. Seeing that Smallville was a pre-Superman time period, I was bothered by how the series continually limited his ability, stretched out his learning curve, and dumb down his intellect. The series was entertaining and disturbing at the same time. "Somebody Save Me will always be a memorable tune.
 Smallville has had its ups and downs in its ten year run.  It seemed to struggle the most in the middle seasons, but the later seasons picked things back up again.  The final season for Smallville is still one of the better ones. The things that made Smallville great are still present
 Smallville is a beautiful show and blue ray does it justice but as with the past few seasons of smallville the extra features are lacking. i do not know why Welling does not involve himself in a show that he is the heart of. but for a smallville fan the BR version is the only way to go.
 This season really wraps up 10 years of story line. There are some really good episodes. The best is an episode you could call "The Smallville Hangover". It is very funny, and just like the movie "The Hangover". Another episode, directed by Justin Hartley (aka Oliver Queen/Green Arrow) is probably the best episode of the season. The only reason I say that it isn't as good as season 9 is that they linger on one topic (I won't say what, as not to ruin it for ya'll) for TOO MANY EPISODES. There are some surprise guest stars, and some surprise 'blasts from the past'. If you are a true Smallville/Superman/DC fan, you will really get a kick out of this season. I DO recommend it. Just, don't be expecting it to be fantastic...If you ask me, Season Nine is the best season out of all of them. But Season 10 won't disappoint, as long as you don't expect it to be season 9.
 I suppose I am a bit different having grown up with Superman in black and white but I find it detrimental to the episodes to spend as much as 25 minutes per episode in close ups of the most dysfunctional people/heroes in prime time since the advent of soap operas trying to figure themselves out, never so much indecisiveness.  Don't get me wrong, Cassidy Freeman and Erica Durance are proven to be every bit as pretty in bluray. That's worthy of their entire close ups, but John Glover? Please! There should have been only brief seconds at a time, no offense John because you are one of the better actors on the show. OK, that's the downside, the rest is good!  Lois and Clark are getting married - no they're not - yes they are - no there not, well if you don't pay close attention when it matters most to the answer - you'll miss it! And then you will go hummmm, better watch that again...got to love having it on discs!  Many die but it was sad to see a favorite die - didn't see that coming. Best surprise was doc Emil and his best moment...well, along with Tess, it was fun to watch.  I liked the boldness in bringing back characters from the dead and when in doubt - they just did anyway. I liked all that maneuvering, the use of Braniac was done nicely (had to say that `cause in the extra feature special, they said they slaved over that for days before they figured it out - not sure I would have admitted to that.)  After all is said and done everything seems in place to go where............well, we already know the rest of the story!
 Rather like the make-it-up-as-you-go-along shows "The X-Files, and "Lost, it's obvious that the "Smallville creators never expected this series to last more than a couple of seasons at best.  By season 10 Smallville and the Kent farm are not much more than a place to feed the dog and stare out toward the heavens from the hay loft of the barn.  From the beginning the series made the bold (and not necessarily wise) decision to discount the existing Superman myth and create a soap opera that would focus on entertaining young teens.  Once it was clear that this excursion would have little (or nothing) to do with the comic book character, I just went along for the ride, finding some episodes worthwhile and others close to embarrassing.  We find strange, distorted personifications of the Martian Manhunter, Green Arrow, Aquaman, Supergirl, select members of the JLA, etc., with the stitching for all frayed and generally disappointing.  Like so many other successful programs, "Smallville did its best to fill the unexpected void opened up to the producers, cast, crew and scriptwriters.  Sometimes I really wanted to shame the writers for their staggering lack of imagination and reliance on older, staid sci fi material.  Since the series cowered away from turning Kal El into the ultimate superhero for years, we were always left with a kind of quasi-Superman, emotionally unbalanced, unfocused, and ignorant of his role as a self-sacrificing hero.  On balance, I credit the cast that so often made the totally ridiculous into something palatable.
 This show has changed so much over a 10 year run. The only original characters left were Clark of course and Chloe(MY FAVORITE). The original laws of anyone who finds out he has powers dies ended long ago. Fot a few seasons It was nothing more than a night time soap opera. With everything for 1 special effect was even gone. Still the effects of there slow motion technique, allowing us to see what happens In the blink of an eye Is well worked and Impressive. So now the ending. Without giving anything away, It was the most creative season In 3 years. Everything and the many many subplots were all explained or had an ending. I guess that's the good thing about knowing It was the last season the cast seemed to want to work even harder for that lasting Impression of their acting. I'd give this 5 stars If I was rating my personal taste and if a 4.5 I would but I can't give It 5 stars. It's just not In that catagory In any way. BUT please all you long time fans will love the season and 2 episode ending. After Zod, this was fresh and Lois of course who brought the show the best new blood of all when she arrived' Is the best of the season again. I believe her and Tess are the best actors on the show. Get this on Blu Ray If you can, It's eye popping. The top of the daily Planet , and everything. Hope this helps at all.
 Yes, this was choppy at times, but haven't most of the SV seasons for the past 4 been choppy? Here in ten, Clark sort of gets back in the groove and begins to take on the seriousness that is needed as he transitions to Supe. The special FX are getting better every season and this looks especially good on a High Def TV. Enjoyable, still not tops like the first few seasons were. We have high hopes for this final season though showing right now and the last few episodes should be the best ever.
 I think Sugar Valentine was a great movie, besides for the fact that was based on a true story, this movie was written in a perfect way so that you would follow it and like it all. Overall I think it was a great movie. *Sponsored Post
 Sugar Valentine was a good movie that needed to tell the story and little bit more. It left you wondering what happened in between because it is a true story.  Sugar was a broke pimp that was trying to get his game back and in the meantime he fell in love with an undercover cop that took the little bit of his pimp game away.
 My kids love Thomas movies. They especially love the animated ones. Although Misty Island Rescue has a few plot problems, the boys don't care. I liked the film because Percy, the shy engine, has a bigger role in this one. He also shows us that he can be really brave to help his best friend Thomas.
 My little guy likes this movie. (I wasnt too impressed though. I guess I like the old school Thomas episodes). He loves ANYTHING thomas. He loves the shakey shakey bridge and logging locos 
 My son LOVES Thomas.  So much so that he gets very excited whenever there is a new one coming out.  He loves the fact that the faces actually move and talk now.  The Blue Ray arrived right on time and in excellent condition.  I will use the vendor again in the future.
 This is a great movie.  My son loves Thomas and Friends. He loved this movie so much that we purchased it for a friend of his for Christmas.
 My grandson loves Thomas the Train. Amazon has the largest selection of DVDs.  The DVD arrived in great shape and fast..
 We get to see more Pretty Sammy!  This time she has to use her magical powers agains an evil monopolist software titan Biff Standard (seems alot like Bill Gates) who wants to take over the world with his operating System (Microsoft Windows). Of course, her nemesis Pixy Misa gets involved with Bill Gates , I mean Biff Standard (same thing) so poor Bill (umm Biff) has a fighting chance. In all the commotion, there are some tender moments revealing what's going on inside of Sasami's head.  That's what makes this series special.  She's the perfect daughter we would all like to have. The Sammy series is extra complicated because 4 different instances of it exist. Pretty Sammy originated in a follow-up to the Tenchi Muyo OVA called the  Mihoshi Special  and later re appeared in one of the fantasy within a fantasy episodes of the Tenchi Universe Series. (It was Sasami's dream to be Pretty Sammy). Next came the OVA, which is what this tape is from. Later a TV series followed. Recommmended for Shoujo (Japanese Girl Anime) and Tenchi fans. This one is extra funny for those who work in the computer industry.  This is also good for little kids, and those who are kids at heart.
 I was so hoping that this was the Tenchi that I had watched a while ago but alas it is not. Also none of the voice actors were the same as in the older Tenchi shows. I did like it but it was also very confusing to what I was used to in a Tenchi show. So I don't disapprove of it I just would rather watch Tenchi in Tokyo or Tenchi Universe.
 This particular volume in the Tenchi Muyo OAVs brings us the conflict with Kagato, the introduction of another girl into Tenchi's extended family and a comedy episode with some foreshadowing for things to come. It still features the usual mix of comedy and plot twists galore that the Tenchi Muyo OAVs are well known for. The disc comes with Japanese and English audio which will satisfy fans of both preferences. But special features in this disc are lacking as the only notable feature is a collection of trailers for titles that Pioneer/Geneon recently distributed and licensed back in 2002/ 2003 when this DVD first came out. If you just want the episodes, then this volume of the Tenchi Muyo OAVs is worth purchasing. If you want special features, then try hunting down the Tenchi Muyo Ultimate Edition DVD set which has an extensive offering of special features for fans to go giddy over.
 Three and a half stars for this one.  Okay, SINGH IS KINNG is pretty silly, but tubloads of fun. It's mostly a comedy but with several action sequences thrown in. And, naturally, a romantic subplot creeps in.  In the Punjab region there sits a tiny village, in which dwells the well-meaning but ridiculously accident-prone Happy Singh (Akshay Kumar). When Happy's most recent escapade - in which he tries to capture a runaway chicken - ends up wrecking half the village, the outraged villagers concoct a scheme to get him out of their hair. The scheme pays off as it results in Happy volunteering to go to Australia to fetch back the notorious gangster Lucky Singh, who hails from this same village and is causing it massive levels of shame with his illegal exploits. So off Happy goes.  Except that a ticket mishap has him making a brief stopover in Egypt, where he meets and falls for the gorgeous law student Sonia (Katrina Kaif). Finally in Australia, Happy finds himself getting the brush off from Lucky, who'd rather stay in Australia and keep on living it up as a powerful gangster. But when Lucky is paralyzed (in a hilarious sequence), Happy is, sort of, elected as the new don, the new king of the Australian underworld. So, now, Singh is Kinng.  Yes, the plot is absurd and over-the-top. The characters are full-on stereotypes. And if you haven't seen a lot of Bollywood films, this one might make you groan quite vigorously. One constant in Bollywood is the big coincidence, and that's here, too. I don't think it's much of a shocker when you find out that the girl Happy meets and falls for in Egypt turns out to be the daughter of the kindly old woman who befriends him in Australia. And following that age-old Bollywood story device, of course, the daughter is already engaged.  Speaking of that old woman, the plot takes time to borrow a page from Frank Capra's <a href="http
 They seemed to have gone for 'mapcap' in many sections of this movie and its story. This makes for some rather confusing fast moving sections at times and a habit of prat-falls from the hero in the beginning that he mysteriously (and fortunately) loses . The story is more fable than likely (even for a Bollywood!)-Hardened murderous thugs suddenly seeing the light and changing their ways after a throw-away line. There is a subplot involving a blind brother that should just have been dropped. The music is catchy and good. The acting is good and often not as over the top as you might expect with the storyline. so a romance takes its time. It didnt seem as characatured and silly as a lot of Indian comedy seems to be. It is more Western in style too even in the songs (though it is my hope their small attempt at hiphop remains small!) The dances were fine but for me there was too much emphasis on getting a mood by quckly jumping between closeups and long shots in a jerky way that was a bit distracting at times. I would have liked more emphasis on polishing the dance. Its ending was very sudden too and could have flowed better to what came during the credits. Despite these slight misgivings the movie was fun and enjoyable and it did have an ethical slant. Definitely to be recommended if you are happy to go with the spirit of the thing. One comment for any DVD manufacturers -  the last scene is played in smaller screen size as the credits roll around it. This is fine on a big screen but you can't see it well on a small one - and then miss a bit the end of the story in theis case. Even if you go to 'songs' on the main menu you still get the same small screen plus credits. With all the effort put into the box with this one (complete with photo postcards and a sparkly brooch I dont know what I'll do with) what about doing something about this? Then there is also the irritation of so many promos before the movie that you cant skip. So if you decide to watch the long Indian movies over 2 nights or come back just to look at the songs, you have to leave it running and go and make a cuppa (yes manufacturers - this strategy and the mute button mean we still have a way of avoiding that control!)
 The zingers come fast and furious in this "happy movie, with an aptly named "Happy (Akshay Kumar) at the center of it. The other reviews have covered the plot, so suffice it to say that the movie is a treat
 While the animation borders on archaic, there's simple math, life lessons and gosh darn, that bunny is cute...I have an autistic son who just loves it; I think in part because it's much slower paced and the narrator's voice is rather soothing...like put-mom-to-sleep soothing...
 Four somewhat geeky jr. high kids opt to make a zombie movie. Joe (Joel Courtney) is one of them. His mother has recently died and his dad (Kyle Chandler) is a deputy who is semi-understanding. Charles (Riley Griffiths) is the brains behind the film. Alice (Elle Fanning) agrees to help them with the movie. After midnight, she drives the foursome to the scene. She doesn't have a license and is worried because the deputy's son is with them. Joe promises not to tell. One boy, Cary, has a love for fire and fireworks. Alice's father (Ron Eldard) gets in trouble with the law. Her relationship with Joe is not welcomed by him. This develops into a background Romeo and Juliet scenario, something for the young teen girl appeal.  As they are rehearsing a scene at the station, a train is coming down the tracks. Charles scrambles to get a film clip of the train while shooting the scene. Then it happens
 As everybody knows by now, SUPER 8 was kind of a homage to Spielberg film by Abrams,  At the beginning, I was liking it much more than I expected and was really enjoying the 70's era vintage vibe and the story of young kids ................. BUT ............... as the movie went along it became clear it was TOO CLOSE to being a thinly disguised remake of E.T.  This became less of a homage and more of a "by the numbers plot re-work bordering on a flagrant remake with a slightly darker tone.  Up until the 50 minute mark, I felt SUPER 8 was going to be a 4.5- 5.0 star movie, but from about 55 minutes onwards it started to fall apart and fade and lost its charm and became basically gave up trying to even disguise the fact it was remaking E.T.  As with most critics of the film, the last 10 minutes (ENDING) was very weak and falls flat compared to the rest of the the film.  The kid actors (and other actors) did a great job. The set and wardrobe people did a great job.  As mentioned above ...... for the first 2/3 of the movie, it was on track to be almost a 5 star rating ............. but then it became TOO FORMULAIC and predictable and seemed TOO CLOSE to E.T. and many other similar movies.  Also the last 1/3 of the movie is where the plot holes became very obvious and the logic of the plot falls apart with inconsistencies.  Entertaining to watch and much respect for those who worked on the film, but not one we will add to our DVD collection or ever watch again in the future.
 Though this film rings of Spielberg in action - fantasy mixed with the magic of kids' imagination and camaraderie - SUPER 8 is a very entertaining film.  It is a movie within a movie - a nice twist on reality versus illusion - and the writer/director JJ Abrams has the keen idea of show the intended movie made by the kids at the end of the film during the credits. it works very well.  The story involves Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney) and a group of youngsters getting together to make a super 8 film of their own writing and acting and production and films
 I would've given it a 5/5 stars but the acting could have been a little stronger. The plot is real great though, it's not your typical movie. I LOVE JJ Abrams' Lost and Sci-Fi as a general genre of movies/books. Spielberg and Abrams do not disappoint. Great for ALL ages.
 The problem I always have with critically acclaimed movies is that my expectations are so high the movie can't ever live up to my expectations. On the other hand, sometimes I'll pick up a movie I have no knowledge of and have read nothing about and I'll love it. I also find that on a second viewing, I like the critically acclaimed movies more than I did on the first viewing. The letdown has passed, and I get more into the movie for what it is, not for what I expected it to be.  So here's the cover hype. Is Super 8 "the years most thrilling movie"? No. Is it "an instant classic"? No. But it is, in my opinion, a really good movie that just misses, and it's hard to put your finger on why. The acting is fine, and the kids are engaging. Special effects are right on, and the subplots work their way into the storyline without becoming cumbersome. And the kids are remarkable, even more so after watching the special features about them. The leads never acted before? It's mind boggling.  You can instantly make a comparison to E.T. (Kids & an Alien). But this picture has a totally different feel to it. The kids aren't as innocent, and the Alien isn't as sweet & helpless. They do try to pull a 360 on that fact at the end of the movie, but after raining death and destruction on the town for almost two hours, it's pretty hard to swallow. And there are some really special moments in this film. My favorite is watching Elle Fanning at the train station rehearsing her lines, and the faces on the other actors as they realize how good she is.  So you can see the problem here, nothing but good things to say about the movie, and yet, it just misses. Why? If anyone was holding me down, and needed an answer, I might just have to say that although I am a huge fan of J.J. Abrams (really), maybe the movie would have been better served if Spielberg had occupied the directors chair. Maybe the little thing this movie needed was a touch of Spielberg's magic.  4 stars for the movie, and the fact that I will watch this, I'm sure, more than a few more times down the road. It is engaging and fun, and so I do recommend this for a purchase. If you lower your expectations just a tad, you will enjoy it. Hope this helps.
 While filming a zombie horror film on Super 8, a group of young kids witness a terrifying train crash. But the crash was not an accident. Soon, the Air Force arrives and it's clear they have a dangerous secret they're trying to keep when they begin lying to the local town and strange phenomenon occurs.  The story mostly follows the young filmmakers, starring Joel Courtney, Riley Griffiths, and Elle Fanning. All of the children do an amazing job of bringing heart and a sense of wonder and humor to this thrilling story. I don't think the trailers did the film justice this summer. I didn't even bother going to the theater to watch, as the trailers didn't show any of the actual story. I regretted missing it later, after hearing friends' glowing reviews.  JJ Abrams and Spielberg teamed up to make an impressive science fiction thriller. The backdrop of the 70s is realistically low-tech, with a similar feel to the classic 1977 Spielberg film Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Though, Super 8 is much more fast-paced and full of action-packed, adventure.  The mystery and suspense builds to an exciting conclusion. During the credits, we are able to watch the kids' clever "homemade zombie film, which made sitting through the credits not only bearable, but fun.  The Blu-ray/DVD Combo Pack contents include
 "Super 8 is the best Spielberg movie that Spielberg never made (or at least the best since "Stand By Me"). J.J. Abrams has proven to be something of a film and TV chameleon able to imitate the stuff he liked from his youth while also adding something new and unique about which makes it like good comfort food--it's familiar but not TOO familiar. There are some minor problems with the third act of the film but, on the whole, this throw back bit of entertainment recalls what Spielberg (and even Rob Reiner did so well with "Stand By Me the OTHER best film that Spielberg never made)did well before he became a "serious artist; Abrams creates compelling characters with nicely detailed teenagers and although the adults are a little less well developed, they are pretty well done.  Set in the late 1970's, "Super 8 follows a group of kids making a zombie movie that they are going to enter in a Super 8 film competition. The kids witness a train crash while filming at an old train station and SOMETHING comes out of one of the cars. This thing begins taking people from the down, stealing microwaves and other devices. When the military show up, it's pretty clear that something BIG has gone wrong.  The Blu-ray looks positively stunning and is very much a demo quality Blu-ray. Colors pop, detail is remarkably sharp and abundant (well, except for the Super 8 footage some of which was actually shot on 16mm so they could add visual effects--by the way the Super 8 movie is at the conclusion during the titles and is a chuckle particularly if you were from that generation that made their own little movies).  Audio is positively stunning with a lossless mix.  Special features are quite good-- we get deleted scenes (all in HD) as well as a series of featurettes covering the train wreck sequence from conception to execution showing us various stages of completion and featuring Abrams, the visual effects superiors, etc. We also get a digital copy (it's a digital download that you need the code sheet for which is inside) and a DVD copy of the film. There are also eight featurettes that focus on the creation of the film from the story to the final product. Finally we get an engaging commentary track by J.J. Abrams but do yourself a favor and listen to it AFTER you watch the movie because there are spoilers and, of course, a lot of info on the making of the film that might prove distracting.  If you enjoyed early Spielberg films from the 1980's like "Close Encounters of The Third Kind (or even "E.T. although this is scary and there is some profanity to be aware), you'll enjoy "Super 8".
 If you want to see an exciting summer movie with a little heart, check out "Super 8". My wife and I saw it the Saturday after the film opened and liked it. It's basically about a couple of sad and troubled kids, Joe (nicely played by newcomer Joel Courtney) and Alice (the increasingly impressive Elle Fanning) who, along with their friends, get caught up in a dangerous adventure involving a scary monster from outer space.  During the course of the movie, what happens with the monster (mild spoiler here) has the happy side effect of helping Joe and Alice become less sad and troubled, as well as improve their relationships with the people important to them. At first I thought the movie's plot was a little too neat, but now I'm coming to appreciate the elegance and craft that went into the movie's screenplay.  The film also functions, visually and thematically, as a kind of tribute to the types of movies Steven Spielberg used to produce and/or direct in the 1980's, movies like "E.T.", "Poltergeist", "The Goonies", etc. You know, "kids in danger, but we're pretty sure they'll be okay in the end movies. "Super 8 was produced by Mr. Spielberg and directed by J.J. Abrams.  Anyway, it's a good film and worth a trip to the multiplex to see.
 Super 8 is a throwback of sorts to the storytelling that made 80's films like E.T. so compelling. Only this time around there is an added dose of menace. The trailers didn't give too much away, which made the movie seem mysterious and boring at the same time, when it's far from the latter. Basically, a train crashes while a group of kids are filming a zombie movie. Something breaks out of the train and strange things start to happen in the neighboring small town. All of the dogs run away and people go missing. I'm not going to spoil the surprises, since it was a much better experience for me not knowing. The CGI is very good and the all the kid actors are convincing.  J.J. Abrams may have stolen a lot of Spielberg's charms here, but it is rare thing these days to watch a summer film that relies on it's story,  acting and nostalgia, rather than just loud explosions and CGI overkill.
 **** May be mini spoilers below ****  I realized a few minutes into this movie that my family and I really had no clue what it was about.  But, I am really glad we went to see it.  The movie is really about a government secrete that comes back to bite this town in the ass.  There is a train that is transporting cretin items.  They have to do with something that government got and did in the late 50s early 60s.  These kids are making a movie for some sort of festival.  They are right by some train tracks.  One boy sees a car go on the tracks, in front of the train.  The train crashes and these things are exposed.  One of the boys takes one of the items.  Soon after things in the town start getting weird.  The power keeps blinking out, the animals run away and people start to die and or go missing.  It may sound simple and it actually is.  Which makes the movie so great.  The graphics and or 3D effects look amazing.  But the great thing is, they did do it TO many times.  Even the creatures that come to do what they come to do are mysterious.  You do get to see them, BUT, it seems like every time you see one, you only see a part of it, or there is a lot of smoke or something else around to impair your vision of the creature.  They could have over did the things.  Making you see the entire thing over and over and over again.  The fact that they did not, makes the movie even better.  You really get the feeling that your watching a movie from the 70s or 80s when you are watching the film.  It had a very E.T. feel.  Also, the kids in the movie are amazing.  When I looked them up on IMDB, I was shocked at their ages.  Some amazing acting by great actors.  They really made the movie.  When you leave the theater or turn the TV off you will have a lot of answers.  But it may even put a few questions in your mind as well.  I am really excited about getting this on blu ray when it is released.  I will get to share it with my whole family.  One last thing.  I am 26 and this movie really made me feel like I was 8 years old.  I felt the same way I did when I walked out of E.T.  Go see the movie.  It will make you feel great.
 I've missed the good old supernatural sci-fi Spielberg films from my youth.  Here's a throwback that was well worth the rental.  The story was strong, the special effects were outstanding.  Tension, fast pace, it's all there.  Predictable?  Maybe.  Still worth the watch.
 Super 8 is a love story.  No, not a love story between the characters (sure, there's a little bit of that kissy stuff), but a love story between director J.J. Abrams and Stephen Spielberg.  It is obvious from Abrams's films that, like plenty of children who grew up in 70s and 80s, he was raised on the work of Spielberg and Lucas.  In fact, his Star Trek preboot arguably has more in common with the work of Lucas and Spielberg than with the original series.  Fashioning himself as something of a prot&eacute;g&eacute;, Abrams has created a wonderful little homage to his mentor.  The film opens with the off screen death of Joe Lamb's mother who worked at the local steel mill.  Both Joe and his father, Jackson, a deputy in the local police department, must deal with the emotional trauma that naturally comes from losing a loved one.  At the same time, the death also strains the relationship between Joe and Jackson.  Jackson just doesn't seem to know how to raise his son without his wife around, and he wants to ship him off to a baseball camp for the summer in the hopes that it will give him some space and stifle Joe's interest in filmmaking.  Joe has been serving as the special effects and make-up artist on his friends' movie about, what else, zombies.  The kids' zombie movie is arguably the most important aspect of Super 8.  The gang's film represents the transformation of their playacting into an art form, a transition from childhood into adulthood that still manages to bridge these two conditions.  The film further embodies the split between the world of adults and children.  In many of Spielberg's early films, especially E.T., the difference between how children and adults see the world is represented in esoteric knowledge.  The fact that the wonderful and strange actually exists can only first be perceived by an innocent youth.  But it is also by making this film that the boys come into contact with the fairer sex.  The director, Charles, has managed to get a girl, Alice, to agree to play the part of the hero's wife.  Joe happens to have an unrequited crush on Alice, and later in the film he gets to play the daring hero to her damsel in distress when Alice is in danger.  Oh, and there's also a giant space alien in the film that's trying to get off this planet while wreaking havoc on the towns folk.  The alien arrives in town by way of a derailed freight train.  The only witnesses to the train disaster are Joe and his gang who have set up next to the tracks in hopes of incorporating the train into their film so that it will lend it some verisimilitude.  The train derailment and the gang's escape is one of the finer set pieces of the film, and it is somewhat reminiscent of the plane crash in what is arguably Abrams's finest directorial effort, the pilot to the TV show Lost.  In all, the alien seems like something of an afterthought.  While Abrams does a commendable job of laying down some carefully constructed chaos, the alien himself seems somewhat perfunctory.  Unlike in E.T. (a movie that I cannot help comparing Super 8 to, even if a little unfairly), where E.T. served as a companion to a child of a single parent household who struggled to connect to other children of his own age, Super 8's monster seems like generic threat #5, seemingly picked out of a hat at random.  The alien menace and the drama of loss and adulthood never come together fully.  And while it is often enjoyable watching people escape or be eaten by the monster, I couldn't help but want to get back to the gang making their movie.  But as homage the film does plenty right.  In the 80s Spielberg placed films he produced and directed in small town suburbia, often in the Pacific Northwest.  Likewise, Abrams's Super 8 takes place in a small town in Southwest Ohio.  We can tell the movie takes place in the late seventies because the local steel mill has yet to close down.  I also grew up in a small Ohio town, and while we didn't have a steel mill (maple syrup was a large part of the local economy), the setting did make me a little wistful for small town life.  One of the great messages that come out of Spielberg's early work as a director and producer, whether it is E.T. or Goonies, is that you need not leave your town to look for adventure.  The unusual, the exciting can be uncovered in your neighbors yard, the boarded up house down the street, or the local patch of woods.  The paradoxically infinite confines of suburbia were so full of excitement that leaving that world seemed unnecessary.   And in this sense, Abrams does a fine job of mimicking Spielberg.  He may not have all of the details right, but he has done his homework, and the result is an entertaining summer blockbuster.  In a world full of sequels and prequels, we need more movies like Super 8.  Abrams may fall into the clich&eacute; of the prodigy piano player carefully reconstructing a classic; he can play the notes but he misses the soul of the music.  But then again, the music was pretty great to begin with.
 First of all - right up front the BLU-RAY transfer of this film is outstanding.  One of the most beautifully rendered of any I have ever seen.  I would say that this film is the best of the summer blockbuster films of 2011 in a field that was largely filled with really bad comic book films.  I happen to be exactly the same age as these characters - and the sets, props, music and ambience was perfectly set to the 1970s.  It was truly an amazing trip back to my childhood.  The story was very interesting - but had the usual Spielberg ending - that did not seem to match the rest of the plot.  Overall though, my family liked it very much.
 I usually don't like movies about kids, but this one had the same kind of appeal that Goonies had.  It does draw you in.  It also has one of the best train wrecks I've ever seen in a movie.  If you listened to certain dialogue midway through the movie, you got tipped off as to what would ultimately happen.  It's been a very long time since I was a kid and I had to laugh about how serious they were about their movie project.  Still, they were quite believable and the mix of character personalities was good.  Ron Eldard, whose name, I had to look up, put in a very nice performance.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the pieces fit together a little too neatly, at the end.  Still, a fun movie.
 I don't know what people are expecting from JJ Abrams and Spielberg.  This isn't meant to be a serious film.  It's an homage.  Sure, it borrows from the genre, but I couldn't necessarily tell what was going to happen next.  It's a decent film that is entertaining.
 I am looking forward to buying this Blu Ray immediately upon its release. If you are all about mindless action, blood, gore, etc... then avoid this film. If you are into human stories with action as the back-drop, then this is the movie for you. This is basically "Stand By Me meets "Goonies meets "Alien". The story was great, the acting, direction, and even the plot were superb. It is only towards the end that the movie shifts into the standard formula of action without intelligent thought. I know alien films require a certain suspension of belief, but this kinda goes to extremes. All in all, it is a very good movie. Definately worth checking out!
 Going to keep this short and sweet
 Engaging movie with young teens in the lead, but it's not a silly Disney-type kid movie.  It's well acted, the story has depth, and it's interesting (even exciting sometimes).  Definitely worth a look.
 I thought this was a really good movie. The child actors far surpassed the adults' performances. I normally don't like watching alien movies, but this one had good characters and the alien was the backstory actually. It was more about Joe's loss of his mother and Alice's dad being involved in that somewhat. Also, Joe and Alice like each other. The special effects of the train crash were very good. I wanted to back away as in several scenes I felt as if the train was coming through the screen at me. The train derailment seemed to never end and I waited for someone to be killed in a horrible way as there were train cars and parts flying everywhere. One of the parts I liked best was when the credits were rolling, on the left side the movie the kids had made was playing. Too cute. I recommend this movie to people who like supernatural, alien and horror movies.
 Was not bad. Great deal on the DVD. Movie was just what I expected. Maybe could of used a little more gore. Get it if you get the chance.
 This movie is perfect on a rainy day. Very warm nostalgic entertainment; reminding me of movies I enjoyed very much as a kid, which are still movies I enjoy today.
 Not amazing but a really good movie overall that with an interesting story. The acting was good and the characters were enjoyable. I would definitely recommend this movie to others.
 While Super 8 is reminiscent of Spielberg's past films, and pays homage to the big 70s or 80s sci-fi hits, it still is a film that stands on its own.  The film's main characters are developed for the most part, and the coming of age theme fits in nicely with the story. The action and sci-fi elements are there, yes, but they don't take precedent over the characters and the spirit of the film.  As others have stated, Super 8 does have a Stand by Me/ Goonies kind of vibe to it, with a bit of teenage crush thrown in.  A group of kids in a rural Ohio town witness a horrific train wreck while they are out filming a scene for a film contest.  One of the boys, Joe, however, notices that a car had also been in on the disaster. The driver of the vehicle, who is badly hurt, has puzzling and ominous warning to the startled children. This message has more meaning as odd supernatural events begin to take place in the area. The military comes in, but there is the sense that all is not right in the small town. Joe's father, Police Chief, begins to look for answers to the odd happenings.  One of the things I liked leading up to this film's opening last year was that the trailers held back on revealing major spoilers, which was kind of refreshing in a day and age when we are given too much during previews. The producers take this a step further by showing the "creature minimally, the "less is more approach adding more suspense the plot.  If there is one weakness of Super 8, it is that the ending was a little weak. It got a bit over the top, and sort of felt a bit jumbled, like the film lost steam as it headed to the finish.  Still, Super 8 has that summer blockbuster feel to it that makes it a treat to watch. There are also some standout performances by Elle Fanning (Alice) and Joel Courtney (Joe).  Super 8 is definitely one to check out.
 Okay, so the main roles are all played by young actors who have not been around for that long.  Doesn't matter.  Their performances are all top notch.  This is a terrific film full of creepy fun.  Nicely complemented by some genuinely funny parts.  Well worth your time.
 "Super 8 on Blu-ray was excellent, with a picture and sound 5 star. The story has an interesting screenplay, but suffers terribly in the end. With so much inherent power of the "creature it is difficult to accept the mediocre end of this  movie, since the E.T. decided at the last minute  make a spaceship just using  scrap  with the power of your mind. The logical deduction is that the E.T. could have done it all before all the confusion he pitched throughout the movie, but then the movie would need a new and more intelligent screenplay, or a new story. The film holds our attention and is quite fun, except for the final very silly that is not worthy of producer Steven Spielberg and of director  J.J. Abrams. So I give only 4 stars to the overall.
 I remember when `Super 8' was about to drop.  Everyone that I knew was in a state of frenzy.  It just looked so wonderful.  The nostalgia of seeing a science fiction film in the same vein as those pioneered by Steven Spielberg was almost too good to be true.  Could `Super 8' really be this generation's `E.T.'?  The world was on edge and nearly every Oscar prognosticator was prematurely claiming it a lock in nearly every tech category, and some were even claiming that it was on its way to Best Picture and possibly even Best Director glory.  Then it opened to lukewarm critical response, fizzled out and walked away with ZERO Oscar nominations.  I was one of those who rushed to predict this everywhere, and I was wholly thrilled to see the film.  It just looked so lovely.  The biggest issue with a film like `Super 8' is that it is rather silly.  The bugs were not worked out wholly.  The script, while rich with contagious dialog (the sparring between the child actors is the finest part of the film) is too unsure of itself to aid the film any.  When we are focused on the alien, the film falls apart; and that is a sad fact considering that the whole draw here was, in all respects, the alien.  So here's the basic premise.  In Ohio, way back in 1979, there was a young boy named Joe.  Joe's mother has died and he's obviously distraught about it.  His father love him, but he's preoccupied with work (he's the Sheriff's Deputy) and he's a little too hard edged.  Joe's best friend Charles is obsessed with making movies and convinces the neighborhood kids to make a zombie film with him.  While making the film, a train crashes and a `thing' escapes and havoc is set loose on the small town as dogs and eventually people start disappearing.  The military is all over it, the citizens are in a panic and Joe and his friends start searching for the answers.  Visually, the film works to a certain extent.  The special effects can feel a little overdone in parts (the crash itself lasts far too long and screams "look at me") and the alien itself is an uninspired disappointment.  That said, the set pieces are beautifully done and the whole feel of the era portrayed is nicely kept in tone.  The atmosphere of the film's first half is flawless.  In fact, leading up to the actual alien business, I was thinking this film was truly brilliant.  Sadly, it takes a nosedive into clich&eacute; ridden sci-fi with little inspiration to keep it afloat.  The child performances are all great; Elle Fanning proving once again that she deserves an Oscar, but the adults are all simple creations that lack depth.  The token villain (the military Col. Nelec) is a walking stereotype, and Noah Emmerich is a terrible actor.  I hated the ending, for it felt lazy and rushed and so not worthy of the tremendous build up.  In fact, I really wish that the whole alien thing had been scrapped from this movie completely.  It just didn't work.  Why couldn't J.J. Abrams have attempted to make this generation's `Stand By Me' instead?  Alas, I'm giving this a B-.  It was surely entertaining, despite its failure to live up to my high expectations.  The acting was very nice and the tone of the film was beautifully rendered.  This is a very good movie; but it could have been great.
 Super 8 is a homage to extra terrestrial films and is one of the better film to come during the summer in 2010. The characters are believable, you start to like the children and identify their passion for adventure and film making. They are the soul and the best thing. The adults are more or less props, except for Kyle Chandler and Ron Eidard who have substantial roles. There are some flaws, I did not feel a emotional connect with the alien. There are also a few minor characters whom I felt deserved some screen time such as the science teacher and the military guy. However this is a exceptional film in many respects. Abrams and his crew capture the ambiance of a small town and the essence of childhood curiosity. Four stars. 2/18/2012
 Super 8 was billed as a tribute to movies like E.T. and the days of the child filmmaker in the late 1970s. The first few minutes seem to hold true to this. The movie starts with a bunch of kids making amateur movies. The acting is superb and it really evokes the images I have of a young Spielberg and Lucas making movies.  However, it doesn't continue. About a quarter into the movie, it suddenly transforms into a 2000s movie. The kids start filming a scene and then accidentally catch a major train crash on film. Next, the movie turns into a sci-fi/alien mystery/thriller. While it's a mystery for all of the adults in the movie, to 21st century viewers the odd series of events obviously point to an alien. Thus, there really isn't any mystery to unravel. Also, the plot gyrates back and forth between Alien and E.T., which just doesn't make for a good mix. Some moments are really dark and scary, while at other points we're supposed to be laughing with the kids or staring in wonder.  Fortunately, the kids are a joy to watch in their respective roles. Each of their characters possesses realistic quirks and lights of inspiration, from the chubby director to the pyromaniac "zombie actor. They more than anything else capture that wild and free spirit of the young boy with his super 8 camera. Elle Fanning is superb as the girl who gets recruited to act in the amateur movies. Her acting scene near the beginning showed a level of maturity and intensity that left me agog. I think the movie would have been a LOT better if J.J. Abrams had stuck to the 1980s formula of really focusing the movie on the kids, as in E.T. or Goonies.  Also, some of the overdone CG special effects, such as the train crash, seemed out of place and unrealistic. Did we really need a scene where the kids run from an exploding train? That's the type of Hollywood nonsense that wouldn't have passed muster 30 years ago.  Overall, this is an enjoyable movie, but I think it departed a bit too much from the homage it was intended to be.  J.J. Abrams made a strong sci-fi movie with superb child actors, but can't quite escape the baggage of the past decade in cinema.
 A great movie from JJ Abrams and Steven Spielberg. This reminded me of some of the great movies from the 80's Ordered and had it within two days. Once again thanks for the fast shipping from Amazon.
 Loved the movie!  It reminds me of "The Goonies Very action packed! It will keep you on the edge of your seat!
 My wife & I both quite enjoyed this movie.  If you're looking at an action/suspense movie like this for stellar acting & flawless plot, you deserve to be disappointed.  If you're looking for a good flick that entertains and is occasionally suspenseful, this is a great pick!  The movie elicited several laughs from both of us, and had us involved and interested the entire time.
 I really enjoyed this movie.  If kinda reminded me of the type of films we grew up on in the 80's.  only thing I didn't like was the sometimes distracting blue streaks that the film maker is know for.  He went a little over board.  Other than that it was good and worth your time.
 I agree that the film is not a spectacular vehicle. However, I did actually enjoy it quite a bit. It is a great kids/teenagers program, but I still enjoyed watching the kids and remembering 'back in the day'. The child actors were excellent. Nothing new and exciting, per se, but still quite an enjoyable way to spend a cold Sunday afternoon with a quilt and a cup of tea. Not an 'owner' but worth the 'sale' rental through Amazon.
 J.J. Abrams movie is mysterious through much of the movie and has you guessing.  The movies destruction scenes are imminence and impressive. On top of this the movie is touching at times and makes you feel for the young characters.  And finally there are some parts of the movie that will just make you laugh.  A great watch and just plain fun.
 SUPER 8 is writer/director J.J. Abrams' paen to Spielberg and even a gentle nod to King's STAND BY ME.  In essence, the coming-of-age theme overshadows the sci-fi elements and provide the film's heart. Set in 1979, the story follows the misadventures of a group of teens bonded by friendship and their attempt to make their own zombie movie for a contest.  Things heat up when a train crash results in the release of an extraterrestrial creature. The young actors are superb, especially Elle Fanning and Josh Courtney.  Fanning has an uncanny maturity and lovely innocence that prophesizes a great future in films.  Just savor her marvelous "transformation to a zombie--it's priceless.  And marvel at Courtney when he stands up in hurt defiance at his stern father.  You feel his anguish.  Kyle Chandler (Friday Night Lights) and Ron Eldard (Blind Justice) are outstanding in non-cliche roles as the fathers. The special fx are good but I would have liked to see more of the creature to add terror impact.  Abrams' script and direction capture the period nicely.  However, the movie confuses us as to whether the alien is to be feared or sympathized with.  After all, Alice states "It's just hungry and wants to go home."---the same creature who has been wiping out the town's citizens and dogs.  And is the strange device that moves around in Joe's room alive? SUPER 8 is certainly enjoyable but may frighten younger children.  Adults may enjoy its nostalgia and gentle depiction of friendship and love.
 JJ Abrams truly has a gift for compelling storytelling. Super 8 is one of the best examples of this, filled with fantastic suspense, lighthearted humor and just enough magic to pull off the unlikely chain of events that unfold in the small Ohio town of Lillian.  Despite some obvious plot imperfections (including an underwhelming climax and semi-predictable ending) the movie proves very satisfying to almost anyone who can relate to what it's like growing up in small-town/suburban america. Absolutely loved the whole feel of the movie and and wish I could relive my childhood days making homemade movies with my friends. Super 8 is childhood at it's best!
 Super 8 is admittedly not a perfect film, but I enjoyed it so much, and was so taken by the characters and the actors playing them, that I didn't really mind the occasional inconsistency or lingering "awed expressions scene.  Set in a small town in Ohio in 1979, the basic plot centers around Joe Lamb (Joel Courtney), a 13-year-old boy whose mother recently died in a factory accident, leaving him with only his father, Jackson (Kyle Chandler), a sheriff's deputy who's a more than decent man but who has never known how to really be a father. Jackson's escape is burying himself in his work, while Joe's is helping his best friend Charles (Riley Griffiths) make an amateur zombie movie with the help of their other friends Preston (Zach Mills), Martin (Gabriel Basso) and Cary (Ryan Lee). But Joe's involvement becomes truly committed when Charles persuades Alice Dainard (Elle Fanning), a girl he secretly has a crush on, to join the project.  Things taken a sudden turn when, in the midst of shooting a midnight scene at the local railroad depot, Joe sees a pickup truck suddenly drive onto the tracks, directly in the path of an oncoming freight train, resulting in a spectacular crash that sends freight cars derailing everywhere and the shocked kids running for cover. The plot quickly thickens when Joe gets a glimpse of something bursting out of one of the freight cars, and when they find the driver of the pickup, badly injured, is Dr. Woodward (Glynn Turman), their biology teacher, who warns them to get away and to never speak of what they've seen to anyone or they - and their parents - will be killed. And then there's the knocked over Super 8 camera that has been continuing to roll throughout everything, capturing something that no one else saw while they were busy tried not to get crushed by flying debris. Something that will become important later as strange things begin to happen
 I've read bad things about Super 8. After watching it, I don't really understand what some peoples' issue is with it. There was an almost constant smile on my face. The characters were generally likable, the action sequences were well done (though admittedly, the train crash scene probably brought a tear to Michael Bay's eye), the story was simple yet effective, the production values were off the charts. Will this movie be heralded in the future as a classic like, perhaps, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, or E.T.? No. But it's still a great movie, and a lot of fun to watch. J.J. Abrams is quickly becoming one of my favorite modern Science Fiction directors.
 Every now and then, a film comes along and reminds you of the way it used to be. Back in the eighties, blockbusters were made with heart. Everything from the acting to the direction was top-notch, especially if the film in question was a Spielberg film. Steven Spielberg is one of the best film directors in the industry. His love of the medium shines in just about every project that he has been a part of. Some of the most influential films of the past have his name attached to them, namely E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and Jurassic Park. He deals with fantastical themes with a heartfelt, childlike curiosity - a definite trademark that appears in many of his films. Recently, director J.J. Abrams made a film which can be seen as a love letter to Spielberg. This film is `Super 8', and it is one of the best offerings of the summer, as well as one of the best films of the year. And, for those of you who have followed me over the past two years, the mere fact that I am glowing over a mainstream blockbuster is nothing short of a miracle.  The film opens in Lillian, Ohio in 1979, and follows a group of close-knit boys during summer break, as they attempt to film a zombie flick with a Super 8 camera. Young Joe Lamb has recently lost his mother in a steel mill accident, and as a way to cope with his loss, he vows to help his best friend, the film-obsessed Charles, complete his latest cinematic masterpiece. Together with three other boys, and his latest crush, Alice, Joe slowly begins a journey of self-discovery. Everything changes one night during a film shoot, when the boys witness, and barely manage to escape, a horrific train wreck. The kids flee the site, as the U.S. Air Force arrives.  This leads to strange phenomena in the town; pets running away from their owners, the disappearance of car engines and power lines, and people being abducted. Soon after, the boys discover some disturbing footage which was caught during the train crash, while the camera was still rolling film. Something crawls up out the wreckage, and dashes out of the frame. The boys decide to delve into the mystery themselves, and the adventure begins.  The performances in this film are amazing, especially from newcomer Joel Courtney, Riley Griffiths, and Elle Fanning. Each delivers an incredibly genuine performance, and I was blown away by the raw energy displayed on screen. The direction is perfect, with splashes of J.J. Abrams idol, Spielberg, splashed about the screen in nearly every frame. The musical score is magical. The mystery is involving. It all makes for an excellent time at the theatre, and will make you long for the days when summer blockbusters had a soul. With strong messages of hope and forgiveness, it is also one of the most touching films to come out in a while.  Super 8 is rated PG-13, and is 112 minutes.
 This film was much better than I expected.  The acting was superb, the effects were also.  But it really had that 50's horror feeling, where you know the monster was there, but you never saw it, at least until the end.  It's too bad more movies are not made this way anymore.  Now it's all about the special effects, and getting the monster in your face. This movie harkens back to a time when directors understood that weak special effects were not the reason you didn't show the monster right from the beginning.  There was nothing weak about the effects in this movie.  It is well done all the way through.  You will enjoy it.
 I keep seeing this compared to Goonies & ET. It's got it's similarities but it differs radically, and these differences may mean that it's not a good movie choice for kids. I'll explain below, plus here's the pros and cons of this movie
 *** This review may contain spoilers ***  Under producer Spielberg's assumed tutelage and inspiration, director J.J. Abrams has constructed a more-than-serviceable homage to the master in "Super 8". Okay, here's the umpteenth reiteration of the plot - a group of charismatic junior high adolescents shooting a zombie film for a contest stumble upon a train wreck, a government space conspiracy and deception, and a monstrous alien that escapes the wreck. Therefore, as I said in the title, you have an amalgamation of "The Goonies", "War of the Worlds", and "E.T.", but not in equal proportions.  Abrams handles the "Goonies component skillfully and appealingly. The preteens are spirited, energetic, clever, occasionally profane, but always endearing and sympathetic. I especially appreciated their accurate, amusing speeches, especially the exchanges between the sweet, Elliott-like Joe (home movie special effects artist) and his bossy, portly friend Charles (the home movie director). The budding relationship between Joe and the older, more mature, but demure Alice was also convincing and engrossing, especially since both have the loss of a mother in common. All the kids' reactions to and investigations of the train wreck/alien mystery were finely tuned and interesting. Abrams does not neglect kid/adult interactions either. Joe and Alice each have to deal with distant, emotionally reserved fathers and somehow manage to connect with them.  The "War of the Worlds component was handled nearly as well, although some logic lapses do occur. The train derailment is suitably spectacular, but as another poster pointed out, it's highly unlikely that a pick-up truck, even ramming into the train head-on at full-speed, could cause such damage. It's like trying to trip a giant with a toothpick. The train would have stayed on course, but the pick-up and its passenger would have been throughly mangled. Therefore, the pick-up's driver, Mr. Woodburn, would not have survived to give the kids the dire but cryptic warning about the train and its contents. Nonetheless, the infiltration, evacuation, and surreptitious behavior of the nefarious, devious U.S. Army into the Ohio town where the train collision occurred are workmanlike, efficient, and well-handled. Many of the military adults, and some of the townspeople, may be corrupt and selfish, but they are not boobs. And Joe's dad, the deputy sheriff, is neither corrupt nor foolish, as he tries to penetrate the military's cone of silence regarding the crash.  Unfortunately, the "E.T. aspect of the film, despite being its focal point, is the least developed. Abrams keeps the elusive alien beast largely concealed for most of the movie as it smashes its way out of the box car, randomly attacks the townspeople, and burrows underneath a cemetery for refuge. This suspense-building works. However, it leaves the audience (and the kids in the movie) little time to bond with or even communicate with the alien. (MAJOR SPOILER WARNING ABOUT THE BEAST'S ORIGIN AND APPEARANCE). The alien and his crashed spaceship (now broken down into magnetic cubed components) was being transported from a Roswell-type military base. The roughly 12-foot high (I guess) alien looks like a hybrid of Alien, the "Cloverfield monster, the Transformer Optimus Prime (especially about the face), and the Ymir from "20 Million Miles to Earth". And, oh yes, a spider. It's described as frightened and distrustful because of the mistreatment it received from the U.S. Army, and actually benevolent. But throughout the movie, he acts malevolently, smashing cars and buses, apparently killing at least two people, and hanging people (including the kidnapped Alice) upside down in his subterranean cave apparently for food! Joe's short, calm confrontation with the alien in his cave seems to change its mood. At the movie's end, he assembles a new spaceship out of magnetized metal (including the locket containing a picture of Joe's mother and him as a baby), and takes off. See, very inconsistent and abrupt. Was the alien inherently sinister, or benign? Why didn't the alien construct a new spaceship immediately, as soon as he escaped? Why bother terrorizing the townspeople? "E.T. gets shortchanged here.  Nevertheless, I do recommend the film as a funny, suspenseful, kinetic good time. If you are a Spielberg fan, you'll probably enjoy it even more, and be more inclined to overlook its flaws.
 J.J. Abrams is a writer/director/producer I can't quite get a read on. I never bothered with any of the TV series he was involved with ("Alias, "Lost, "Fringe") and after practically loathing Mission
 "Super 8 is director J.J. Abrams's tribute to Steven Spielberg's "E.T., with a tip of his hat to Rob Reiner's "Stand By Me.  The film takes place in 1979, with a group of pre-teenage and barely teenage kids--led by the overweight Charles (Riley Griffiths) making a Super 8mm movie about zombies for a film competition. The makeup specialist, Joe (Joel Courtney), falls in love--during the filming--with the female lead in the production, Alice (Elle Fanning). They are both sensitive--having lost their mothers.  During a nighttime film shoot, a train is derailed, when it hits a truck that goes on the tracks, and explosions and intrigue ensue, with the Air Force soon appearing. Gradually (a bit too much so), we learn why dogs are running off to the next county, why people are vanishing, and why microwave ovens are missing.  I liked the solid acting by the youthful cast, especially by Fanning and Courtney, who establish a very moving relationship with each other.  Overall, this film held my interest fairly well and jolted me a few times as I munched on some popcorn. It will be worth watching again when Netflix has it, but I doubt I'll want to buy the DVD.
 You might remember adventure films of your youth, where Middle America kids discovered amazing wonders and defeated great evils that only they could see.  These were the days of E.T., Goonies, and The Monster Squad, where kids laughed, cried, and fought while having adventures.  It's pretty much how adults remember their childhood summers, free of the soul-crushing realities of school, puberty, and adults. If you look back on your misspent youth in the early 80s with nostalgia, then Super 8 is for you.  J.J. Abrams has seen those movies, and with papa Spielberg's blessings, wants you to see them too.  Although this film is ostensibly about a child (Joel Courtney as Joe) coming to grips with the death of his mother, it is not for children.  There's swearing, drug use, and violence - pretty much what you would expect from a film set in the early 80s. In fact, despite the lens flares, the out of focus camera work, and the soaring musical score, Super 8 distinguishes itself from other coming-of-age-with-aliens flicks with its unrelenting violence. The alien in Super 8 is big, mean, and angry, and he expresses that anger by eating people.  The alien is a stand in for the adult rage that seethes throughout the town of Lillian, Ohio.  It's destroying father and widower Jackson Lamb (Kyle Chandler) from the inside.  It haunts Louis Daniard (Ron Eldard), who was indirectly involved in the accident that killed Joe's mother.  And it is passed on to the children, manifesting with painful eloquence in Louis' daughter Alice (Elle Fanning, bred from a race of superactresses).  When Joe finally confronts the beast, boy and alien finally see each other for who they really are
 Back when I was growing up there was a young filmmaker known for great movies like Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind and E.T. - The Extra-Terrestrial. These were wonderful movies. The first was scary, the second was thought-provoking and the third was excellent family entertainment. As the 1980's came along, this filmmaker, Steven Spielberg, made other fine works, like the Indiana Jones series and in the 1990's gave us Jurassic Park. Then he discovered World War II, and that was basically then end of him making "genre films that appealed to a wide audience.  But apparently I wasn't the only one who had fond memories of Spielberg's earlier career. JJ Abrams, noted as the man who made Lost and directed the Star Trek reboot, seems to also have those sorts of good memories. So he teamed up with Spielberg and made Super 8, a film which, aside from the modern special effects, would not seem out of place in Spielberg's resume.  Super 8 centers around events in small-town Ohio in 1979. Joe Lamb is a young boy whose mother has died at the start of the film. Four months later he and his friends are making a zombie movie when they inadvertently bear witness to a massive (and extremelyunrealistic), train derailment. They escape with their lives, unaware that something else has escaped, too. Soon all the town's dogs disappear, only to turn up in nearby towns. The Air Force arrives to clean up the train mess and begins basically overtaking the town (and get away with massive lies, because if there's one thing we know about the 1970's, it's that investigative journalism didn't really exist and trust in the government was absolute). Then various items and people start to disappear and the action gets ramped-up to eleven, leading to an unnecessarily action-heavy third act.  At its core this is a movie about the relationship between a young boy, his friends and a girl that he's starting to develop a crush on. The movie is at its finest when it shows these kids just being kids. When it shows them hanging out chatting in a diner and teasing each other like kids do. When it shows them sneaking out of their homes to film at night. When it shows them being appalled/overjoyed that they're actually breaking into their school during summer vacation. These moments, as well as the ones highlighting Joe's somewhat complicated relationship with his father, also the town deputy and person in charge after the sherrif disappears), are the true heart of the film.  Those moments also make the moments of action, which include the military going nuts in the middle of the town, completely unnecessary. Those scenes add nothing to the plot, really, aside from creating some artificial peril for our heroes to deal with. Really one could edit out all the military elements and be left with a good, solid, summer science fiction film for the whole family. Also, having gone nuts with the action sequence, I feel that Abrams missed a really opportunity to kill off one of the kids. Harsh? Maybe, but it might have added something to the film. But consider the one of the pivotal moments of Jaws is when a six-year-old boy is gruesomely eaten by the shark.  I also need to make mention of Abrams as a director. He's good at what he does. He's very good at what he does. But he's never met a lens flare he didn't like, and frankly it's really, really distracting. If you thought scenes in Star Trek overused the lens flare, just you wait. Abrams really goes nuts with it in this movie and it does not add anything to the film.  Ultimately this is a very good movie, and I'd said it's suitable for pretty much the entire family.
 I should start by saying I really did like this movie, basically because I like Steven Spielberg movies in general.  But after a while it started looking like a "who's who of his past (albeit great) films, and a big part of the enjoyment became trying to spot the next "cameo by a previous scene, plot device, or character.  We have the "clever-kids-who-know-way-more-than-the-clueless-adults of just about every Spielberg movie ever made (ET comes most to mind, for obvious reasons); we have Chief Brody from Jaws (a Sheriff's Deputy this time instead of a Chief of Police, and Lillian, Ohio instead of Amity Island, but you get the idea); we have vehicles driving down a dark, star-covered road in the middle of nowhere when mysteriously all the power goes out (Richard Dreyfuss in Close Encounters, anyone?); we have a baddie/villain/whatever-it-is that we see more and more of as the film progresses (Jaws again); we have dinner-table scenes with kids behaving more wild and out-of-control than any reasonable parent would ever let their kids behave (Close Encounters, again?); and I won't give any spoilers, but suffice to say that the film concludes in a very true-to-form Spielbergian mode.  And let's not forget the 2 inescapable contributions by JJ Abrams -- excessive and intrusive lens flares everywhere you turn (Star Trek?), and the moody (and beautiful) music by Michael Giacchino (L O S T).  But I did like it -- very fun way to spend a summer Saturday afternoon
 With the combined talents of JJ Abrams and a certain Mr Spielberg behind "Super 8, together with the science fiction theme, it was a movie I just had to see.  It turned out to be an entertaining enough movie, though not quite in the same league with such Spielberg sci-fi classics as E.T. and Close Encounters, and maybe not even as good as Mr. Abrams' update of the Star Trek franchise.  Still, the movie was a lot of fun, and I enjoyed its nod to the '60s 'B' movies where the army is fighting the alien invaders (or giant ants, or whatever).  Plus there was the familiar element of a small town dealing with an unknown threat to its existence.  There were also many heartwarming and/or humorous moments of the type that fans of those previous Spielberg classics will recognize, and the little romance between the two young people was nice.  However, the scenes of the middle school heroes were a bit too repetitive (ex., too many scenes of the young director demanding that they get back to making his movie).  That detracted slightly from my level of entertainment with Super 8.  Also, there is no shortage of special FX shots in this flick, but few of them were noteworthy.  A couple of impressive scenes near the end are an exception to this observation.  Otherwise, it was just a lot of stuff flying through the air, blowing up, and/or getting smashed and knocked around.  Finally, the plot plot just felt a bit too casually thrown together, never fully engaging my interest at the level to make this film truly memorable.  I almost went a star lower with my rating, but I left the theater feeling I'd had a good time, and that was enough to get me to 4 stars.  An additional note
 Well, Super 8 isn't a bad movie and it's not amazing either. It's a 3.5 but I'll round up instead of down. The story focuses on a group of Junior Highschool children making a independent film. During the film they get caught in the middle of a disaster and that's where the story begins. Super 8 Mixes The Goonies, with Godzilla (that horrible remake one) and E.T.. If you think that's a strange and unexpected mix well, this movie is just that. It's has it's serious moments (mostly drama) but it has it's lighthearted moments too. The Alien doesn't make its full on screen appearance until later in the film but like Godzilla it can be seen in the shadows running around and tearing up the town. There is action in the movie but in between that action is adolescent drama that results in long drawn out scenes. These scenes just make you wonder what the Alien is doing while the characters on screen are crying out their feelings.  Overall Super 8 is a decent family movie and worth checking out if your board but but just don't expect to blown away by it.
 Video
 If you liked "The Sandlot", "Stand By Me & "Goonies - this is the movie for you cuz this one rolls all 3 of those movies into one.
 Really enjoyed this film.  A little horror, a little si-fi. Good mix of characters.  A little cheesy in a couple places, but for the most part very entertaining.  would recommend to anyone.
 Super 8 is the latest foray into J.J. Abrams' filmmaking career. Abrams who has elevated himself in the mediums of film (<a href="http
 First off, this movie entertained me far more than I expected it to - well worth the rental fee, particularly in HD as the effects were stunning. Very good acting, and the plot kept us guessing right up until the end. LOVED IT! I have to wonder who this movie is for though? The cast of mostly children gives it a Goonies/ET feel (which is why I wasn't very interested at first) but it seemed to be WAY too scary for actual children that age. These are not cute charming aliens, folks! Very entertaining & enjoyable for me but make sure kids are old enough to handle it before letting them see it.  We had a recurring problem with the streaming video. Every time we got close to the 43-min mark, the video stopped and went black & silent. Then it went back to the home screen for the film, where we could click "Watch and it would go all the way back to the beginning. Our internet connection is not immune to dropping a signal, but the fact that it happened multiple times in the exact same spot in the movie makes me believe there was something wrong with the Amazon server. Finally we just forwarded the video all the way past that part (to around the 45 min mark) and it continued until the end without dropping. We missed only about 2 min of the film but having to start it over again three times was pretty irritating. Really takes you out of the story!
 Definitely worth the rental... I always enjoy these nostalgia adventures, and it seems their appeal continues to hold strong.  Director Abrams understands the power of heightened adolescent experience and Super 8 will be added to the likes of Stand By Me, It, Dreamcatcher, ET, Goonies, The Explorers, and so on.
 I absolutely loved this film, saw it in the theater three times because the kids were so good. I felt that the mood and the feel of 1980 was spot on. I very much identified with them... I thought to myself 'this is exactly what it was like being a kid in those days' and loved every second. The kids' banter was well written and sounded like actual kids, not watered down... The dad's frustration with the son felt so believable... And the effects were awesome.  But... (spoiler)  Couldn't there have been a better ending? It would have been a simple thing to do to have the kid simply find some crucial part of the spaceship hidden in the dead teacher's storage bin... Or something like that... Couldn't they have helped in SOME way? The dad was running around like a super hero on a mission, and i couldn't wait to see how it was going to wrap up, how the dad and the kids would come together and save the day... And they simply 'met up' in town, just in time to see the alien depart. There was no feeling of 'finally the alien can go, because he met the nice kid and his friends.' it was kind of a let down...  Again, i will buy it because it was SO great otherwise... But it could have been a masterpiece.
 FILM RATING
 Good movie but probably somewhat over hyped due to the Spielberg/Abrams collaboration. Worth the money to have in your collection
 I really really love this movie - is a rare mixture of innocence, emotion, and fantasy. I had forgotten how good it was until I just recently rewatched it. For a few brief hours I was transported back to the awkwardness of my youth, with that nerdy Dungeon & Dragons-infused belief that anything was possible. A nice escape.
 A movie in a movie.  Teenagers making a horror movie find themselves in an alien horror situation. Shades of young Spielberg and Alien and E-T.A movies.
 I think the hype before the movie set my expectations higher than they should have been. This movie is Speilburg's version renewed of E.T. and a less threatening isolated version of alien invasion from a military controlled Area 51 escape. The child imagination will enjoy this one but the adult imagination will stop believing the events are possible by the end of the movie.
 This movie is just that good, old-fashioned storytelling that Spielberg does so well. It is a good, rainy day movie that you can enjoy with your children. It would be mildly scary for younger children, but for older children, mostly suspenseful rather than actually scary.  Dreamworks should have put more money into promoting this movie.  It's not strong on special effects, but it is a story about a teenage adventure rather than a sci-fi spectacle.
 What's it about?  A group of young kids making a zombie film witness a horrific train crash, and capture on their Super 8 camera much more than they anticipated.  Is it any good?  Having been produced by Steven Spielberg, you definitely get the 80's ET & Goonies-esq vibe of the film, but with a darker tone to it. The characters of the film and their interactions in the community are actually the most interesting part of the film. It is only when the `mystery' of the film takes on a science fiction twist that it removes you from the reality of the film it has expertly built up, therefore causing your concentration to waver slightly. So by the end, you are left debating if what you watched was just a good film, or an amazing film?  Best bit?  Prepare yourself for the train crash; it'll blow your speakers apart!  Did you know?  The famous bicycle from Steven Spielberg's movie E.T. can be seen as a part of metal junk that is being attached to the water tower in one of the final scenes.
 It 's amazing package color. It's a great movie with a lot of special features, the sound e imagem was amazing too.
 I was a little wary about ordering Super 8 from some of the reviews.  I really did enjoy the movie plus I am a sucker for a happy ending. I thought they had come to my street and neighborhood to film the movie. A reviewer had compared Super 8 to The Goonies - not even close. I did not think they let all of the kids personality's come to light mainly just the 3 main characters. I feel the story line was weak, real weak. The train wreck looked like models. The Professor, the Evil Air Force guy and the Alien did not have any character development. I could not hate the Evil Air Force guy or feel sorry for the Alien or the Professor. The makers of this movie missed something to make this a truly good movie that I would want to watch year after year. I still watch the Goonies from time to time and I am old. Don't stop watching the movie when the credits begin that is when they show the finished movie the kids were making. The biggest laugh for me was the almost the last line of the kid's movie where the director is speaking hoping it would be a Cleveland International Film Festival nominee. I think I liked it more than the movie Super 8 and it would be more likely of winning an award than Super 8.
 Super 8 was poorly named and I think this movie was given horrible previews/trailers.  The kids were great, storyline pretty good, the alien part and ending fell a little short, but overall a good movie.
 This is a well acted and written movie. The alien reminds me of something, say like from another movie, but it was worth watching we enjoyed it
 Got this movie for Christmas....I enjoyed it.  It's well acted but formulaic.  You will enjoy it but it's no E.T.
 the movies was good entertainment,special affects were great,it was a well put together movies,really enjoyed it ,would defintely give it good marks
 This is a J.J. Abrams movie, a science fiction period piece (circa 1980) set in small town America. There isn't a main actor, but rather an ensemble of kids that fulfill that role. But then the kids are the stars of the movie. Their acting is excellent, their characters filled out--and very believable.  However, the same can't be said for the three main supporting adults, in that their characters are only partially fleshed out.  And the evil one is too evil, stopping just short of being a caricature of evil.  This is a relatively fast paced movie. I never got bored. And though there are some semi-scary scenes--meaning it may not be suitable for very young children--this is not a quasi-horror movie (IMO). It's science fiction, albeit not in the classical sense. This is not about technology, so you'll want to gloss over some of what you see.  It's a feel good movie, a story of childhood friendships.  Plot  An alien creature captured by the military (many years ago) finally escapes as it's being transported across country. This happens outside the small town where the children live. Of course, the military descend on the town and surrounding area. As for the alien, in its quest to return home, it wreaks havoc on the military and town.
 I just watched the Blu Ray version. The film although typical, is pretty entertaining. The picture quality is very good. But the thing that stands out the most on the Blu Ray is the sound, which is powerful and reference quality. The train wreck scene in particular is powerful, great scene in general and one of the best scenes for showcasing your surround sound system that I've ever heard.
 Cinematography was superb. Exactly the quality you expect from Spielberg and Abrams. It reminded me of Cloverfield, E.T., and The Goonies all rolled into one. The kids were excellent actors.  However, once you reach the end of the film you feel as though you missed something somewhere, as though this film was part 2 of a 2-part film. Something was greatly lacking in the story. In E.T. for example, the alien and the boy slowly build a relationship so that you feel for them in their emotional parting. But in the case of Super8, the alien and boy are total strangers but behave as though they had built some wonderful relationship between them. The boy seemed to have discovered something endearing about the alien that the audience is not privy to and is unrealistically brave and devoid of fear when put face to face with a nightmarish creature that hardened military men feared. As the alien sailed away in his spaceship, all I could think was, "Farewell... who ever you were...".
 Remember when movie makers used to spend most of their budget on writing and telling a good story, instead of spending all the money on special effects and the remainder on the script?  Super 8 is such a movie.  The plot revolves around a group of kids, a few of whom are dealing with losses in their life.  I don't want to spoil the story so I will stick to what was shown in the trailers.  A late night train crashes.  Precious and unusual cargo was inside the train.  The movie revolves around the mystery of what was in the train and what is the cause for strange happenings in the town.  The kids in this movie are all great actors.  The story is great and full of suspense.  The setting of 1979 is actually very cool (which I did not expect it to be.)  The movie is pg-13 but I was surprised at the language.  It wasn't too brutal, but clearly the language police were lenient with the language in this movie.  Despite the language, the movie is a great one to watch with your family.  I had on the subtitles so maybe I was more aware of the language than I otherwise would have been.  With all the garbage, throw away movies made this year, Super 8 was a nice suprise.
 This movie feels like a classic. However, it's not quite there. It also kind of beats you over the head with the lesson it's trying to give you by the end of the film. Overall, the film itself is cute, intriguing, and heartfelt.  The blu-ray is of great quality. The visuals are outstanding and the audio is superb.
 these movie was a great little story but I think it didn't have chance with the big monry movie, but i  enjoy it.
 A beautiful, nostalgic film capturing a more innocent style of filmmaking along with a more innocent view of adolescent adventure and romance than we generally see in movies now. And yet it also feels more truthful than the jaded, pessimistic, and self-indulgently bombastic threat-escalation that pervades most modern adventure films. This film trusts the threat it introduces to be sufficient without unnecessary multiplication.  The performances by the "kids in the cast are spot-on believable as actual children just beginning to mature. Elle Fanning in particular is a revelation and definitely looks to be an actress to watch for.
 This is a great movie to enjoy with the whole family. It's sad, scary, exciting, and moving.  I cannot comprehend what evolution circumstances are needed to create such ghastly, violently strong, brutally featured, yet techincally marvelous creatures. Predator and now this guy.... It's hard to imagine what their daily life would be like on their home planet.
 A gang of quirky pals, that one cute girl, summer vacation, and plenty of explosions make "Super 8 one playful romp from beginning to end.  The story is formulaic, but the acting is good, the pace is quick, and it's all feel-good fun- with a couple of good jumps thrown in.  A classic boy movie.
 ....who are smart enough to travel througout the cosmos only to crash on our backwater planet and then get strung up by us?  Anyone?  Nah, didn't think so.  So what have we here?  An alien invades small town middle America as seen through the eyes of a bunch of kids number?  Feels like 1958?  Has the polish of 2008?  Yes, yes, and yes.  Abrams does Spielberg with Spielberg's help and blessing.  If you like Steven Spielberg's early silverscreen adventures and you like some of those old hokey (and I love me some hokey!) black-and-white alien invader flicks like "It Came From Outer Space then you're going to feel like you're seventeen again as you watch "Super 8".  You know you're not seventeen anymore so go and watch it already!
 The elements in this movie are pretty standard for this genre
 I liked super 8 but a few things jumped out at me..for one..in 79 we NEVER called each other 'dude' as these kids did..AND we didn't wear 'backpacks' EVER unless going camping..and then they were big bulky and or boy scout canvass type..AND the bikes were new style bmx variety..sorry..we only had 'banana bikes and or cruisers or 10 speeds. The BMX style may have been around but were not NOT common.I know Im picky,,i did like the alien tho! These kind of screwups irritate me for some reason. I mean if your spending wads of cash go to the correct prop room and get the right stuff for the era your trying to imitate.
 I saw this movie in the theater and enjoyed it just as much at home. I enjoyed the nods to growing up in the late 70's and the various kitsch references in music, vocab, etc. It's the 70's "Stand by Me", meets "ET".  In typical Spielberg fashion, what you don't know (or fully see) is scary and tense, but becomes acceptable by the time the film is wrapped up. Good message. I enjoyed the casting and special effects. Will it change the world, no, but it's a fun ride. Good job, JJ!
 This one has the Spielberg stamp all over it from beginning to end; if you liked E.T. you'll probably like this one too. I definitely fall into that camp and did in fact have a good time with this movie. It was fun to watch, interesting, fast paced and exciting to me.  Although it didn't develop any really new sci-fi story ideas it did a good job of handling some tried and true sci-fi plot schemes and was in several ways similar to E.T. The acting and special effects were good and the kids did a very good job of carrying the movie. As sometimes happens in this kind of movie the military and the government are painted as villains and come across as not very nice.  In summary the story holds one's attention and the acting effectively draws the viewer into the story so the movie goes by quickly. The special effects are rather spectacular so the overall package provides an action-filled movie that is entertaining.
 Great acting by all, particularly the kids. I liked the story line and the setting. The train crash was really well done. The extras kept me busy for another 2 hours. I particularly liked learning about the making of and the day in the life of a new kid actor. Overall it's a very good movie that I"ll probably watch again in a few years as I won't remember much about it.  But, like others have said there are a lot of similarities to other movies, except for stand out moments like in ET or Stand By Me that I am going to remember. You can tell in the Extras that J.J. was shooting for that, but just doesn't quite get there. I started out confused in the beginning due mainly to the trailer showing a train crash that I thought someone died in the crash, but I wasn't sure who or why until much later. Other than the boy looking at his mother's necklace throughout I didn't see a lot of emotion about the loss. The girl showed much more emotion acting in their little super8 movie then he did and the scene at the end where the boy goes from being totally scared to being totally calm facing the monster down a leap in direction emotionally. Also what was with the dogs, were they just scared and running off. What was the monster doing with the people? The violence in which he took them and then the pristine health of the victims didn't seem to match, particularly if they had been drug through tunnels. I guess they wanted a scary movie that was politically correct or didn't scare little kids too much.  Maybe it's because I am much older and I don't see the memorable moments with the same eyes that I saw ET or Stand By Me. I hope JJ keeps making more though as he's on the right track and hope to see the kids in more movies as they were naturals.
 It's a movie that made me feel like Stephen King had a hand in it.  Great acting, all the kids were great and I think this one would be suitable for kids and adults.  It was full of action and had a few funny moments too.  The only bad thing I can say is that it was dark as in, just not a lot of light in this movie and sometimes it was hard to really tell what was going on.  Gave me that feel good feeling in the end...watch and you'll see what I mean.  Don't want to spoil it for you!
 Goonies, E.T., and Cloverfield all mixed in one. It was fun to watch just wish the movie had focused more on the kids' stories The end of the movie left some plot strings hanging in regards to the kids relationships. I don't think i'll ever rewatch this movie but I had a good time the first go round.
 All of the elements that the one and two star reviews hate, I loved. I loved that the movie felt like a mashup of the goonies/sandlot vs. whatever monster movie. Yes, there was profanity, no it's not for children. It's like how Toy Story 3 was not a movie for kids, it was for the generation that grew up with Toy Story. I think this movie was charming and adorable despite the violence that ensued. How did he do that? I don't know, but it was cool!   What I loved about it was it had the charm of the Goonies/the Sandlot, but it was more grown up than that. Movies about friends getting through and somewhat a coming of age film. So what, a monster was thrown in? So what, the monster doesn't even make sense? I don't think the monster was even the point of the movie, but that's my personal opinion. I think people who get hung up on the monster have trouble with letting the movie take them out of reality. Yes, it felt like Cloverfield. But again, I DON'T THINK THAT WAS THE POINT. I was personally charmed by the child actors of this movie, I was charmed by the idea of the movie. Others have their opinions.
 Especially by a couple of the younger performers in the movie within a movie at the beginning, remarkable. My grandchildren younger than 9, didn't make it thru, those older, loved it. I enjoyed it. If only the train wreck wasn't so over the top. Fun. Some nice movie references buried for those who know.
 Super 8 has received some criticism for being an homage to those kid-friendly adventure movies of the 80's (E.T. and Goonies), but that's why it's fun and charming! If you grew up watching those great films, then you may enjoy the nostalgia as you watch a group of boys hang out, cuss, fight and then compete for the same girl. If you didn't, you'll like the movie for it's interesting characters and plot. True, there are countless monster movies out there. But, there's something about this one that makes you wonder what that thing in the train really is! What's it doing? Believe it or not, the creature has some motivation that does not involve eating earthlings or burying some ungodly nest. And what's its connection to the shy boy Joe Lamb? Joe has been compared to Elliot from E.T., but Joe isn't interested in making friends (although he would like to send the thing home). All he wants is his dad's attention, and the girl. The creature presents an interesting opportunity to get both.  Super 8 is a refreshing movie in a time when every character from every other movie has cell phones or the Internet to help solve mysteries. These kids are faced with jumping into dark caves all by themselves without any help or any clue as to what they're dealing with. Buy it! It's worth it!
 I really enjoyed this movie.  I thought it was a fun and explosive film.  The storyline was good and the characters are likeable.  The ending could have been better but overall a good movie.
 I enjoyed watching this from start to finish
 I thought it was well made. Wonderful characters, good plot. Makes a point about why aliens don't make contact with such a dangerous species like us.
 At first it reminded me of the Goonies but it was different. I thought about "IT but it wasn't that either. The bottom line is that it was it's own movie and a pretty good one. While it didn't have the most original plot line it did have a few new wrinkles and it did make you care about the characters, that's important. No really big name actors but they all did a good job. I'm looking forward to seeing more of Elle Fanning, She was terrific! I won't go into all the details, you can read that in the other reviews. And actually I think the best part is I can watch it with my grand kids. 
 DH and I don't' have children so a movie starring kids rarely makes it past 10 minutes in our house. This movie kept us glued til the end.  It's entertaining, moves fast and has fun characters. The kids were good actors and none was obnoxiously 'know it all'  solid 4 stars
 Good movie, great sound effects, and story line is fun and easy to enjoy.  worth getting and watching more then once.
 I'm not a big fan of movies with kids as the main characters, but this one was pretty good.  Their interactions with each other, the adults, and their situation all seem realistic.  Although you don't really get a clear view of the creature involved, you don't really need to in order to feel the tension in this movie.  It's not the best "creature"-based movie I've seen, (<a href="http
 A factory accident in the small town of Lillian, Ohio leaves an emotionally distant man (Kyle Chandler) a widower and his son without the one parent he could relate to. At the reception in their home, Deputy Jackson Lamb (Chandler) ejects a man who showed up intoxicated and his son Joe (Joel Courtney) bears witness. In an effort to buy time so that he himself and his son can come to grips with the loss, Jackson tries to persuade Joe to go to baseball camp for the summer and, at the same time, disparages his friends whose interests include the production of monster films for one and explosive for another. As they are in the middle of one such film and Joe promised to help complete it, he declines the offer.    One night, he sneaks out of the house to joins his friends in filming a scene at a train station and they are all nearly killed when a train is derailed after a head-on collision with a speeding pickup. It is the collision and subsequent events that are the source for most of the film. The train belonged to the Air Force and before long, so does the crash site and most of the town as it is placed under a de facto martial law. Joe and Charles, the director of the film that brought them to the train station in first place, examine their footage and see something escaping the train.    Written and directed by J. J. Abrams of Lost fame and with Steven Spielberg co-producing, Super 8 is easily a step above efforts like Cloverfield and Artificial Intelligence while falling just short of films like E.T., Super 8 is a welcomed addition to the sci-fi genre and a great time to be had at the movies.
 I saw this movie at the theater with my kids and the entire audience loved it! My only caution would be to consider that they originally planned to film it in 3D. Without the 3D visuals of any serious movie today, it lacked something (my family agrees). Still, it's a fun movie I would highly recommend.
 The music, cars, homes, hair styles and clothes etc bring back the memories of 1970's as this is the year setting for Super 8 (the "8 standing for 8mm). This would be good movie for the entire family to watch on a Friday or Saturday night.
 if u loved lost then this will bring back a lot of memories especially the soundtrack and the way the story unfolds. jj abrams does a fantastic job with the movie and charcters. i cant wait for his next release. definitely recommend this movie to all jj fans. You wont be disappointed. maybe someday he will make a movie for lost.
 I saw the film in a theater too. It was a lovely story, although there were some awful scenes. I think it will give lots of dreams to children and let them think about the importance of our world, the Earth. The ending was so nice. As I liked it so much, I even visited almost all the locations in Weirton after I had seen it in a theater. It is not a big problem, but there is one thing I don't know the reason. Why is this film sold with a bluray and dvd combo?
 I really enjoyed this movie and doubt I have anything to add that other positive reviews haven't already touched on.  However, as someone who always reads credits straight through to the end I was pleased to see that the images of the runaway dogs seen on the bulletin board where Joe posts a picture of his own dog Lucy came from animal shelters.  Thanks to exposure from being in the film, if only for a moment, the dogs have all been adopted.  I can see the description now
 J.J. Abrams has been known to keep his projects super secret, whether it was a major plot point in his hit television show LOST or the unveiling of the monster in Cloverfield, which he produced. It was no different with his latest directorial effort, Super 8; the first trailer released thrillingly depicted a collision between a pickup truck and a freight train carrying something ominously powerful, but not much else. As it turned out, the film follows a group of kids making a home movie with a super 8 camera who happen to be present when the aforementioned collision takes place, and their camera inadvertently captures something they never expected to film. When strange things begin occurring in town, the children take it upon themselves to solve the mystery. Super 8 is an earnest throwback to the kid-friendly sci-fi adventures of the 1980s, and with Steven Spielberg producing, it's no wonder. With plenty of thrills, visual dazzle, and emotional depth, Super 8 a pretty good choice if you're looking for some good, old-fashioned, nostalgic fun.
 My family saw this movie at the theater and we just watched the DVD.  We enjoyed it both times.  My wife loves movies with child actors in it and said that this reminded her of "Stand by Me.  I thought the kids did a good job of acting and the story line was pretty good.  The special effects were also good and Spielberg always makes a great movie.  It was creative and interesting to watch but I did not give it 5 starts because the alien wasn't really seen until the end and only for a short period of time.  In the old movies they did this and kept the screen dark because the special effects were so bad. I always hated that! Today that is not necessary as special effects look so real and I think the movie would have been better with more scenes with the alien being shown.  Overall it is a solid rank of 4 but it could have been a 5 with some script changes and more alien sightings.
 ... only not as good as The Goonies. The cast of kids were all really cute and talented actors. The visuals were amazing. The plot kept me entertained. The only thing that got on my nerves was that the father's accent would come and go. I don't know why they tried to force him to drop what must be a prominent Southern accent. It would have made no difference to the movie and been much less distracting.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 Entertaining if derivative Steven Spielberg homage (ironically produced by Spielberg himself), ths is smarter than most modern summer action movies by a long shot, with some amazing special effects, some fun shocks, and good performances from a brace of young actors.  What it doesn't have is a lot of originality, being sort of a mash up of E.T. and Close Encounters with a few bits of The Goonies and old monster movies thrown in.  It does remind us of how good those stories were, and that there's no reason you can't make a teenage friendly action adventure with smarts.  Fun and fast paced, but after the smashing (literally) opening I was hoping for more than a warm hearted, well made re-tread of films gone by.
 This is a good family movie, for teens or older. The kids do a really good job of acting and I think that makes it especially appealing -- for both kids and adults. But it's somewhat light on plot and a bit predictable, but it still keeps your attention.
 I loved it.  It moved at a realy good pace.  I would reccomend it for all ages.  There were a few unbeliveable moments twards the end, but I would watch it again.
 A great cast at work here in a story too intense for little kids but good for older ones.  A group of middle schoolers works on a Super 8 film in the early 80s but then witnesses a train accident and finds out about an alien as well.  There is some drama regarding the death of one young boy's mother at a factory and a girl whose dad worked in the same place; I will not ruin it here by telling you.  But it gives the movie a lot of heart; it is not just another invader from another planet movie.
 J.J. Abrams and the immortal Spielberg have undoubtedly produced an instant classic.  Super 8 is the kind of film moviegoers have been waiting to see for years.  The lowered standards for films of the 21st century will likely help this one to stand out from the crowd. A great CG performance, effects, and score encourage the stellar acting.  The film showcases Elle Fanning and Kyle Chandler's talent, as well as a solid performance from Joel Courtney.  The tale of the monster and the army men who failed to understand his journey is poignant and powerful, even if somewhat formulaic.  Super 8 is a perfect film for the whole family, provided no one is too squeamish.  Some scenes may be fairly intense for young audiences.  Overall, Super 8 is a well-made film with something for everyone.
 Not bad. The actors are likeable and the movie was gripping. Good ending and good special effects. I do understand what one reviewer said about the volume being set weird. It was either really quiet or really loud. I did not mind it but I could see it being annoying to those more sensitive
 It was like watching stand by me mixed with war of worlds. While each has its charm, it was a nice movie with great characters with an alien backdrop. I think a lot of people expected Independence Day, but I enjoyed the new twist on telling an alien action story.
 This box set contains three of Shirley Temple's all-time classic hits.  Depression era audiences adored the antics of this talented moppet, now we can introduce the magic of Shirley to a new generation of fans!  Includes
 We've all heard the tired-expression that all good things must come to an end.  In the case of Claymore, the sixth chapter (titled "The Awakening") is charged with the task of closing up the epic goth shonen series.  Coming in at a runtime of 95 minutes, the Chapter 6 Funimation release contains 4 episodes (# 23 through 26) on a single disc housed in a standard DVD case.  The show wears a very appropriate TV MA (17+) rating due to some rough language, topless female nudity (or maybe topless monster nudity is more appropriate), and a near-endless succession of violent/gory sequences.  Extras are surprisingly robust and include a nice 24 page full color book highlighting key characters from the series, a commentary track from some of the English voice actresses over Episode 26, original TV commercials, textless songs, and a crop of Funimation trailers.  Language options are standard fair sub and dub, which of course means dialog presented in either original Japanese (Stereo) or an English dub in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround.  And, like always, the choice to run English subtitles exists for either spoken language option.  The show, for those who are unaware, concludes the tense setup Chapter 5 went out of its way to establish.  In fact the first episode of this set (# 23) literally opens in the middle of a heated battle between the half-Awakened Claire and Rigaldo, the Silver-Eyed Lion King in the snowy, lifeless town of Pieta.  There is no recapping, no flashbacking, and no reestablishing of any kind so latecomers to the series would be wise not to pick this set as a starting point.  Once the bloody confrontation between the Claymores and Rigaldo comes to its bloody conclusion, the show wastes very little time setting up the next (and final) battle with the Awakened creature Pricilla.  At the risk of sparing you spoilers, let's just say that the pacing is mind-numbingly swift in this pair of two-parters and the inevitable grand conclusion comes pretty quickly.  The artistry and ambiance established within the show have always been particularly noteworthy and this volume is no exception.  The first two episodes maintain the dark, cloudy skies and gentle snowfall that was established in Chapter 5 while the remaining two episodes introduce bursts of background color in the form of flowing lava and showering sparks (ala Star Wars Episode III's final battle on Mustafar).  Like before many of the subtle effects (falling snowflakes, creeping shadows, tongues of flame from campfires and so on) are computer generated while the character models are internationally drab and bleak.  This all adds up to spectacular attention to detail through minor contrasts.  Fancy combat moves and lightening-quick sword slashing still dazzle in the heat of battle but (thankfully) the show's creative teams made certain to display the results from several perspectives so as not to bore the viewer with mere blurry character models.  The soundtrack, which has always been solid and eerily appropriate, continues to work its near subliminal magic here.  Of course the battles introduce a sharp spike in tempo and guitar wailing but it works nearly as effectively as the hauntingly quiet melodies that lace the more tension-filled segments.  The English dub has received mixed reviews in the past but seems to have come together quite well for the final quartet of episodes.  Chalk it up either to the fact that the actors must really have known the character personalities by this stage in the game or simply the emotionally driven script that fuels the grand finale.  Either way the dub works as well as the original Japanese dialog work, which seemed to have picked up on the grand scheme of things much earlier on.  In all, purists and fans of the show are likely waiting impatiently for this July 14th release and neophytes may want to use this opportunity to begin the entire saga from the first chapter onward.  Hopefully now that this, the final chapter has been completed and released; Funimation will consider packaging up the entire saga into a single collection.  This is definitely a title that deserves such treatment.
 I ordered this movie, for my girlfriend on April 9th. Amazon shipped it out pretty fast and that was really cool giving me an estimated delivery date for May 6th. But I recieved it around 2 weeks earlier. Great speed, service. The product was as said, new and sealed. It was awesome service.  But the sad thing was that the DVD quality wasn't as good. It was as if you were watching the movie from an old box TV via antenna. Seriously! But i guess its not amazons fault. But being an old movie, i guess its ok.  Thing is, my girlfriend really loved it. So it all worked out well for me. I'm glad i bought it, the price, shipping speed, and service was all great. Just the product with the scanlines bothered me. A must have for any one who loved this movie
 Just thought I'd post this information, as it's not provided by Amazon
 My granddaughter really enjoy this movie.  I am going to buy future movies about the bratz baby.  The dvd played great and no scratches.
 My grandaughter, Abby loved the movie. Glad I bought it Came on time and was as advertised. A good price as well
 This is an old school Ozzy concert.  Following the death of Randy Rhoads, Ozzy recruited Bernie Torme to play guitar, but that didn't last terribly long.  To fill out the rest of the concert dates, Ozzy brought in Brad Gillis to play guitar with the band that was already in place.  The lineup here is
 This DVD is excellent.  Ozzy is in top form, and the rest of the band is very tight.  The sound quality is very good.  The video quality could be better, but I realize the technology is from 30 years ago.  If you're an Ozzy fan, you need this DVD.  The only downside is the absence of Randy Rhoads.
 This dvd is great- but it does leave me wanting more. I do recommend this dvd for any Ozzy fan's library.
 That I ordered from an independant dealer somewhere in my collection and I still think it's phenominal to see it again, and I hope  that they improved the picture quality on it since it's re-release, it has a castle motif as the stage set behind Ozzy and the band and  the special lazers of the bat flying on the walls behind the members so it's fantastic just for those things alone. I saw Metallica open for  Ozzy in Fort Worth Texas during "The Ultimate Sin Tour just before Cliff Burton died when Metallica was touring for the Master of Puppets CD and  album so I got to see Cliff just before he died in that bus accident overseas. I've never seen them since except for on the DVD's. This is a rare concert. But when Metallica left the stage the crowds surged into the arena and they were hanging off the rafters, Ozzy came out sitting on a huge throne that was in the shape of his face with a huge tongue flowing out of it. It was awesome. I wish they would have filmed that one.
 Director Mark Herman's LITTLE VOICE is a refreshing but cruel comedy set in a small town of Northern England (or is it Scotland ?). L.V. -for little voice- is the only child of Mari Hoff, played by Brenda Blethyn, the widow  of a records's salesman. She doesn't talk to anyone and listens all day  long to the records her Dad has left. She lives in a dream and sings every  evening  a cappella  for her dead Daddy. One day, Ray    Micha Caine   Say, one of the numerous lovers of LV's mother,  discovers her unbelievable voice and wants her for Mr. Boo's saturday night  show. That's the beginning of the rise and fall of Little Voice. If you  liked Bill Forsyth's LOCAL HERO, you will be happy to find in LITTLE VOICE  the same love for unusual characters. Micha Caine gives here one of his  best performances ever and Brenda Blethyn confirms, after Mike Leigh's  SECRET AND LIES, that she is a great actress. Jane Horrocks, in the role of  LV, also gives a superb performance by imitating perfectly Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Billie Hollyday. LITTLE VOICE can be appreciated for  its humor, its subtle variations on Victor Fleming's THE WIZARD OF OZ or  for its psychological implications. A very good surprise. A Freudian DVD.
 An introverted young lady who cherishes her late father and keeps his memory alive through his beloved record collection is at the heart of "Little Voice, directed by Mark Herman.  Jane Horrocks gives an amazing  performance as Laura, the shy girl with, as it turns out, a very big voice  and the uncanny ability to mimic Judy Garland and Marilyn Monroe, among  others, to perfection.  She lives with her mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), a  vociferous floozy, in an apartment above their small record store.  Laura  (whom Mari calls "L.V. because of her retiring manner and the fact that  she rarely speaks above a whisper), spends an inordinate amount of time  retreating from her mother to the sanctuary of her bedroom and her dad's  records, where she immerses herself into the music, as well as the persona,  of whichever artist she is listening to at the time.  For the most part she  is ignored by her mother, who also dismisses L.V.'s talent purely out of  disregard.  Enter Ray Say (Michael Caine), a sleazy, contemptuous,  small time theatrical agent, who is picked up and dragged home one night by  Mari.  It isn't long, of course, before he discovers L.V.  When he hears  Judy Garland's voice coming from her bedroom, he thinks he's found the pot  of gold at the end of the rainbow; this has The Big Time written all over  it.  All he has to do now is figure out how to get L.V., the veritable  recluse, up in front of an audience.  Adapted for the screen by Mark  Herman, from Jim Cartwright's play "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice  (written originally to showcase Horrock's unique talents), the success of  the movie is assured by a cast that delivers quality performances all  around.  Jane Horrocks does all of her own singing, and when she finally  breaks loose it is truly a delight.  And Herman must be given credit for  not allowing it to be over done; he gives you just enough of L.V. to keep  it exciting and leave you wanting more.  Michael Caine gives an inspired  performance that easily should have won him an Oscar.  His Ray Say is so  finely shaded that you know exactly who and what he is, yet he manages to  overlay him with a smarmy, irresistible charm that keeps him accessible.  His rendering of Roy Orbison's "It's Over is an unforgettable cinematic  moment.  Brenda Blethyn is outstanding as well, making Mari just unlikable  enough that you can still empathize with her when she finally gets her  comeuppance.  Ewan McGregor adds a subtle charm to the film as Billy, the  telephone repairman who finds a kindred spirit in L.V, and Jim Broadbent  gives a humorous turn as Mr. Boo, owner of the venue Ray engages for L.V.'s  debut.  Rounding out the supporting cast are Philip Jackson (George),  Annette Badland (Sadie), Fred Feast (Arthur) and Graham Turner (L.V.'s  father).  Funny, and touching as well, "Little Voice is solid  entertainment well presented.  It's one you're going to remember, even  after, as Ray Say says, "It's over. The most remarkable aspect of this movie is the great performance of all main actors
 I picked this up primarily because I remembered Horrocks' hysterical character  Bubble  in the Britcom  Absolutely Fabulous .  And I'm glad I got it
 Laura Hoff (Jane Horrocks) is a horribly timid and soft-spoken young lady, hence her pet name Little Voice.  So fearful and introverted is the gentle creature that she rarely ventures out of her house and into the world  outside.  Instead, she counts on the voices of such enchantresses as Judy  Garland, Marilyn Monroe, and Shirley Bassey as a sounding board for the  pain she suffers form having lost her father.  Living in the sleepy seaside  town of Scarborough, England with a repressive, pseudo-socialite mother,  Little Voice's grandest ability is to communicate by using her melodic and  unparalleled gift for singing, and finds refuge within her music as well as  her father's ever-present spirit.  The day comes when a sleazy tavern act  promoter, a role that is splendidly delivered by one of England's foremost  actors, Michael Caine, suddenly discovers LV.  In an act of fervent  courage, Little Voice comes out of her shell and sweeps an audience off  their feet with her incredible stage presence, and her even more surprising  knack for flawlessly emulating the voices of her favorite sirens.   Nevertheless, this film has an even more profound agenda.  Not only is  LV finally vanquishing her constrained sense of self, but also she has  finally begun to trust the another person other than her father's ghost, a  local boy who likes to look after his pigeons.  Ewan McGregor fills the  shoes of the small role, but he is one of the characters who has a more  profound effect on Laura  Little Voice  Hoff.  Furthermore, the  relationship between LV and her mother comes to its zenith when a fire  destroys their home.  The flare up is a momentous allegory for how LV's  rage will cause her to shed her old self and take on the life she was meant  to experience.  This picture is one of tumultuous family battles and the  struggle to become self-actualized. What I feel audiences will take away  from this film is the fact that the process of letting go is just as  important as that of grabbing on to the one thing which makes us feel  alive.  Let me also bring to the foreground that all songs were  completely undubbed and no lip-synching was involved.  In plain English,  Jane Horrocks genuinely performed and emulated all vocals that were crooned  in this film.  All the more reason to feel the force and craft behind this  zestful and rousing piece of work.
 It's nice to see Caine cast against type. Here he is neither the hero, nor does he retain any trace of his usual London glamour. He is a morally bankrupt promoter, working with strippers in the clubs of Northern England until he finds some decent acts. One such act is Jane Horrocks's Little Voice, a quiet girl who comes to life only when she is singing. The actress's talent and extensive training leave you with the impression that she is a singer who just happens to act rather than the other way round. If Brenda Blethyn's part wasn't offered to Julie Walters first, I will eat my hat! She is stereotyped ageing northern tart, played with great pathos as well as comedy by Blethyn. Jim Broadbent is suitably seedy as club owner Mr Boo, while Ewan McGregor has a surprisingly small role as a telephone technician who has only peripheral involvement with Little Voice until the last scene. The script is full of good characterisation and wry social comment. I liked it because it tells an original story in an entertaining way. Special praise must go to the set designer, who re-created the record shop/house perfectly, even down to the dangerous wiring job. This film deservedly won many awards and I hope to see more from writer/director Mark Herman in future.
 This unusual film is difficult to characterize -- the characters are so well-developed, so unique, so interesting.  Michael Caine is wonderful, but I thought that LV's mother & her tagalong friend, silent Sadie, stole the show.  LV's mother is a loud, middle-aged floozy who wears pushup bras, micromini skirts, towering heels & lace tightsn and prattles on nonstop in a barely decipherable accent and odd syntax (I kept the subtitles on during the entire film -- a big help.)  Her best friend Sadie is a chubby, funny-faced follower who never speaks -- the mother babbles nonstop & no one else has a chance to get a word in edgewise.  LV is her mother's opposite -- a plain-jane, retiring type, silent, expressing herself only through the voices and words of the divas on her treasured record albums, finding solace in the framed portrait of her deceased father.  The plot keeps you on edge, but all is resolved positively in the end.  As an added bonus, Jane Horrocks (LV) is, in fact, an incredible performer, able to mimic everyone from Judy Garland in Wizard Oz to Marilyn Monroe singing "Happy Birthday. Jane Horrocks, Ewan McGregor, Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn and Jim Broadbent conspire in a northern coastal English town to spin a neat little tale. Jane Horrocks has a remarkable talent, as both a singer and a mimic, and I wanted to stop the movie several times and just listen to her do her stuff more. Brenda Blethyn is hilarious, and it's not just because the script-writer is excellent
 Another small, scene stealer film from England, Little Voice is loaded with three  tour de force performance s by Jane Horrocks, Michael Caine, and  Blenda Blethyn.  Horrocks is  Little Voice,  the shyest of the shy daughter of a dead record store owner who is overshadowed by the obnoxious mother of mother's (Blethyn).  Caine is a small time promoter who hears LV singing to her old 33 LP collection and realizes she is a golden opportunity for him to make it to the big time.  LV sings to avoid the reality of her mother and her mother's lovers, but mostly, she sings to remember her father, the only kindness in her wretched life.  Ewan McGregor in a small bit part befriends LV, but it is Horrocks stunning singing voice that captures the film and attention.  Reprising her stage role, Horrock's dead on immitations of Garland, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are superb. This film is a gem and should be a part of every film library both for it's story and the music.
 I had recently seen the play "Rise and Fall Of Little Voice on stage in London and really enjoyed it so I couldn't resist seeing the film version with Michael Caine to compare. The film exceeded my expectations. The story of an introverted girl who mimics famous vocalists and her boozy loud and obnoxious Mom is incredibly well written and the actors in the film version are all terrific. This is a sad tale of desperation and family strife with some elements of dark comedy provided by Caine and the small time show biz type he represents. The surprise is the musical performance of Jane Horracks in the title role. She is fantastic. If I had to say which was better the film or stage version- I'm not sure I could pick. They were both great.
 I enjoyed this movie.  I was told about it by a friend and decided to buy it, as it wasn't in the video store that i frequent.  I'm glad to have it in my collection.  The fact that she actually sings her songs in the movie is fascinating to me.  I enjoyed her in Absolutely Fabulous, but had no idea she was a dramatic actress with such vocal skills.
 Fabulous sleeper of a movie. Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine were terrific and Jane Horrocks' singing a revelation. Ewan McGregor was a nice surprise as Little Voice's beau.
 This little gem of movie often gets overlooked by Americans.  The star is the same woman who plays the ditzy secretary, Bubble, on AB FAB.  Her voice is so incredible at first I did not believe it was "Bubble doing the singing.  Great story, don't miss this one.
 I thoroughly enjoyed this gem of a film. The story is simple and not a little metaphorical. The finding of one's own voice is something that many of us can relate to. Unfortunately though, I was left with the jarring,  discordant memories of Michael Caine's character and LV's mother  dominanting my impression, at the expense of some of the more exquisitly  delicate aspects of the story. Ewan McGregor's Billy was brilliantly  underplayed and the perfect foil for Jane Horrock's LV. I replayed all of  their scenes to balance the lingering discord, and that worked relatively  well. I think if the director and the editor had been more judicious in  their decisions about the length of time that overwhelming characters were  on screen the film would have been a masterpiece.
 The actors in this film are grand. The virtually unknown (to American filmgoing audiences) Jane Horrocks (she plays the character in live theatre as well) is brilliant as the silent, shy, and introverted Little Voice. She never talks (and is even too afraid to answer the telephone), but sometimes, as if possessed by the souls of larger-than-life stars like Judy Garland, Little Voice is able to sing and imitate these stars. Her nagging and ungrateful mother, played by a talented but always appropriately annoying Brenda Blethyn, is jealous of Little Voice, treats her horribly, and resents the relationship LV (as she is referred to) shared with her father. Michael Caine is excellent as Blethyn's sleazy date who comes home with her and "discovers this goldmine that is LV's voice and talent. Blethyn grows more and more jealous of Caine's interest in her daughter. Caine convinces LV to perform live (which will, presumably, make her-and him-rich). Caine uses LV's dead father as a ploy to get her onstage, and for one night, she discards her shyness and her fears and gives the performance of a lifetime. Caine sees the profit growing in his imagination and books many more occasions for LV to sing, but she refuses to perform ever again. Blethyn's character grows more and more bitter. Eventually their house burns down, and LV leaves to be with a shy telephone repairman and pigeon-keeper played well by Ewan McGregor who has quietly been pursuing LV all along. The film is delightful for its offbeat charm, although it is a somewhat sad tale for Blethyn and Caine's characters. But the overall story of how LV finds her true voice and breaks out of her shell is rewarding.
 I wasn't looking forward to this movie very much, and it seemed to have a pretty slow start...and then suddenly I was drawn in.  I loved the plot and felt so sorry for LV, while at the same sympathising with Mari and Ray...and the ending was so tension-filled I was bouncing up and down screaming at the TV.  Normally I find Horrocks rather annoying but she, like the rest of the cast, was brilliant in this and I was most impressed by her singing.  The only thing is that I felt the film ended a bit abruptly.  Like you never found out how LV sorted things out with her mother.  It was a good ending but it just had some blanks to it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes slightly grim social-reality movies, who is interested in singing, or is shy.  Check it out!
 I enjoyed the movie. It was funny and very entertaining. Jane Horrocks is so wonderful in this movie, her impressions are impressive. I loved the music, I happen to share the love for Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald and Marilyn Monroe, as does the character, L.V. If you didn't enjoy the film, don't waste your time writing an review with so many misspelled words. Oh, and I must mention, Ewan Mcgregor is very  cute  in this film. I only wished it had more of an ending. But despite that, i loved it still.
 Charming film about L.V. (Little Voice), a meek-voiced, shy British woman who enjoys singing the music of Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and others. Her mother, a sex-crazed record store owner, and the agent Ray Say (a  terrific Michael Caine)both attempt to manipulate her into stardom. This is  an interesting, charming, and funny movie which takes some interesting  turns along the way. Jane Horrocks, as the title character, is terrific,  and sings her own songs beautifully. She is incredibly talented, and the  movie is a charmer. Look for a nice performance by Ewan McGregor as L.V.'s  wanna-be beau.
  Little Voice   is an amazing little film that has to be watched more than once to be truly appreciated.  The leads Caine, Blethyn Horrocks and McGregor are all top notch.  Wait until you see LV's performance at the  club.  It will knock your socks off, literally.  Well worth seeing again  and again!
 How Awful About Allan (1970)--TV movie starring Anthony Perkins whose guilt over a family tragedy leaves him blind and mentally ill. At the start of the film, he is released to the care of his sister, but does she have an agenda of her own? Perkins is good, but it felt extremely long at 74 minutes. **  Dementia 13 (1963)--An ax murderer at a family reunion in an Irish castle and a daughter-in-law who is trying to cover up her husband's death to keep from losing her portion of the inheritance. Produced by Roger Corman and Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, it will remind you much more of one of Corman's Edgar Allen Poe movies than anything Coppola did, but not bad if you don't go in expecting The Godfather. ***  Maniac (1934)--Barely coherent movie about a lab assistant that murders his boss. Has some nudity, which was taboo back then (the Hayes Code don't ya know), but women were ugly back in 1934, so it will bring you no joy to see it. Highlight is title character plucking out and eating cat's eye. Sucks hind teat. *  The Screaming Skull (1958 b/w)--Opening scene shows coffin and explains that the film studio insured patrons against dying of fright watching the movie. You'll probably be all right. Recent widower marries former mental hospital patient and takes her to "charming villa in countryside where she hears spooky sounds and sees spooky things, but then in the morning, they're all gone, she can't prove them, and there are leering suspicions she might be slipping back into insanity. But could it the supernatural? Or her husband (hint
 Case Closed is a Japanese murder-mystery anime. A fantastic series that dives deep into a criminals psyche, and never fails to keep you guessing. Each murder is different in some way, and nothing is ever as it seems. Now, the English dubbed episodes are being brought back into a series of box-sets, each containing 4 discs. Each disc carries an average of 5-6 episodes, each lasting roughly 21 minutes. The menu is easy to set-up and navigate and the special features and original Japanese sub/dub are a nice touch.  Despite it being a fantastic show, with interesting characters and gripping story, these box-sets have two flaws that I have noticed. The first noticeable flaw is in the arrangement of the discs. The case is set up so two discs are overlapping one another. This can be a pain if you want to watch disc 2 or 4, forcing you take out the first or third disc before you can access the second or fourth. It can also scratch the discs pretty easily, if not careful.  My other complaint lies with the previews. Each disc has a preview for another anime series, and it is unskippable. At first, it's not a huge deal. But when you begin to watch them religiously, they tend to get old, fast. Don't get me wrong, Dragon Ball Z and Yu-Yu Hakasho are awesome series in their own right, but after seeing the advertisement for them 25+ times, they tend to get old and you just want to skip them.  Overall, it's a fantastic purchase. The series is amazing, and the two major flaws are relatively minor in comparison to everything else. I highly recommend it to anyone who is into murder-mystery or anime.
 It's a rough life being a teenage detective genius -- crimes happen everywhere, and strange people may shrink you into a small child. Such are the problems for Jimmy Kudo in "Case Closed
 It's a rough life being a teenage detective genius -- crimes happen everywhere, and strange people may shrink you into a small child. Such are the problems for Jimmy Kudo in "Case Closed
 It's a fun show, but the episodes that aren't chiefly a mystery feel like scenes from a generic children's show. The mystery episodes, however, are all very good.
 Three things
 The Case Closed Season One DVD box set is a four-disc set that contains the first twenty-six episodes of the Case Closed anime series.  The first two discs have seven episodes, the third disc has six episodes, and the fourth disc has six episodes and the bonus features.  Case Closed is a mystery series done in a "whodunit style, and a number of the episodes on this set focus on murder mysteries.  Unfortunately, in most of the episodes on this set, one element of this style is usually missing
 Children will love this series.  They will start to understand how to sequence events and work toward solving mysteries.  Kid friendly and mother approved.
 Transfers of ECHO BRIDGE (aka "Platinum Disc") public domain movies is about average. No sign of restoration on their 60 and 70 year old films, with none dubbed from pristine studio prints. Minor downside
 Flying Deuces is perhaps the best Laurel &amp; hardy film ever.  I loved it, however it is offset by possibly the worst Laurel &amp; Hardy film ever in  Utopia , Stan Laurel looked very thin and unhealthy and old and Hardy was the biggest he had ever been in the films...although there were humorous parts to it overall it was a pretty big stinker...but  Flying Deuces  is worth the purchase by itself.
 I bought this movie for my mom who loves Laural and Hardy.  She just loved it.  I recommended it to anyone who loves a good wholesome funny movie.
 This 2-disc set from Madacy Entertainment comprises 10 great episodes from THE LUCY SHOW.  This sitcom told the story of widows Lucy Carmichael (Lucille Ball) and Viv Bagley (Vivian Vance) raising their children together in upstate New York.  Later on, the series changed when Lucy traveled to California to be the secretary to grumpy banker Mr Mooney (Gale Gordon).  This set features eps from both phases of the series.  "Lucy the Starmaker - Lucy notices Mr Cheever's nephew (Frankie Avalon) has a great singing voice and decides to help launch his entertainment career.  "Lucy Meets Robert Goulet - When a truck-driver gets turned down for a loan, Lucy notices he resembles Robert Goulet and enters him in a look-alike contest.  This episode also features a young Lucie Arnaz playing one of Lucy's secretary friends.  "Lucy Gets a Roommate - Lucy receives more than she bargained for with her latest flatmate, eccentric librarian Carol Bradford (guest star Carol Burnett).  "Lucy and Carol in Palm Springs - Lucy feigns illness and joins Carol's band for a golfing tournament engagement, unaware that Mr Mooney is one of the entrants.  "Lucy's Barbershop Quartet - Lucy wants to join Viv's barbershop group, but she doesn't make much of an impression with her whisper-soft rendition of `Down By the Old Mill Stream'.  Perhaps an eccentric voice coach (guest star Hans Conreid) can help?  "Lucy and Viv Put in a Shower - Trying to save money, Lucy and Viv attempt to install a shower in the boys' bedroom.  "Lucy's Substitute Secretary - Lucy calls off her Lake Arrowhead vacation when she discovers her efficient replacement (guest star Ruta Lee).  "Lucy and the French Movie Star - Lucy attempts to stave off the advances of the bank's newest celebrity client (guest star Jacques Bergerac).  "Main Street USA - Lucy joins forces with a local town who are fighting against developers wanting to put a freeway through beloved Main Street.  "Lucy Meets Sheldon Leonard - Lucy mistakes the bank's newest celebrity client for a bank robber.  Pretty good box set for the money.  Extras include a trivia quiz and some classic commercials.
 This is a Hillary Duff made-for-TV movie, so I probably didn't come into <a href="http
 I had no idea what to expect from this movie when I watched the DVD at a friend's house. First of all, let me tell you I am a 41 year old gay man so hardly the target audience for Hillary Duff movies, but I have to say I found this really fun and enjoyable. It reminded me a lot of "Legally Blonde or "Clueless for that kind of "Oh my god kind of girl that Hillary portrayed. Given it was an ABC Family movie, I thought it might be too pre-teen and "Disney in the scenarios portrayed, but instead, it was focused more on the young-executive business world. Like I said, it was like "Legally Blonde but set in an office environment rather than a political one. Matt Dallas of "Kyle XY fame has a supporting role here which was pleasantly surprising, as he plays a mid-twenties businessman convincingly (which I realize is his real age, but still strange after watching him for years as a 16 year old on "Kyle XY".) Also notable is the supporting character played by Chris Carmack (of "The OC and "Into the Blue 2") who adopts a very unconvincing British accent that I can't believe would fool anyone and frankly just sounds ridiculous. I can't say anymore about that without creating a spoiler for the movie. In the end, I do recommend this movie for anyone in the mood for some mindless fun fluff that would appeal to adults. Teens might actually not be quite into this as they might not yet have enough life experience to relate to the office environment most of this movie is based in.
 This was a cute movie to pass the time. I didnt love it but would watch again if I was bored.
 Hilary Duff does a great job in this light hearted romantic comedy.  She portrays Lane Daniels a young journalist trying to make the best of an opportunity to land a job at Cosmopolitan by going undercover to write an article about finding love in the business world. Lane has a checklist of attributes that her perfect man will have.  Her search for the perfect man leads her on a long and funny journey of self discovery.  In this role Hilary Duff returns to the type of comedy role that made her famous as Lizzie McGuire. There is a good mix of physical comedy and lovable character flaws that make this film fun to watch.  All in all this a good clean comedy that's fun for everyone 13 & up.
 please note that the 4 stars does not make it a great mvie..  lit's a cute chick flick for a saturday nite when nothing else is going on.  I liked it.  it is clean and sweet.
 Beauty & The Briefcase is a cute movie, not only that it's funny too. It has a few things that could use some work, but other than that it's a good movie. If you're looking for a good chick flick, this is an excellent choice. It has romance, humor, style and class. I didn't think I would like it that much, being a Duff fan, but it's a good movie.
 This is a Hillary Duff made-for-TV movie, so I probably didn't come into <a href="http
 A Beautiful Mind is far from a great film. But is it Oscar worthy? You bet.   Russell Crowe plays John Nash, a genius mathematician whose mission is to find a "truly original idea. He does, and eventually wins a Nobel Prize for it. However, the road to winning the Nobel is bumpy and he is forced to battle several real and imagined demons along the way; schizophrenia being one of them.   In Princeton his fellow students aren't very fond of him. Nash is a recluse who lives most of his life alone, a man plagued with "two helpings of brain and half a helping of heart.   The acting in this film is simply phenomenal. Most actors covet the role of a madman. They can exaggerate their body language, run around naked, talk in weird tones, and generally have a ball. Sometimes they even get awards for it, like Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man.   Crowe is too smart of an actor to fall into this trap. He portrays schizophrenia for what it is
 In this interesting, entertaining film, director Ron Howard has assembled an all star cast to tell the tragic story of Princeton mathematician John Nash.  Russell Crowe's Nash is a quirky, mathematical genius, complete with the touchy sense of forlorn pride that comes with doing only one thing extremely well.  He sees arcane patterns everwhere, all the time, like a chess grandmaster who has come to inadvertently inhabit his chessboard.  His life is an intellectually exciting one... but how much of it is actually real?  He cannot tell.  Can you? This movie really needs to be seen twice, or more.  There's no way you'll appreciate everything the first time around.  The character's  journey,  for which Ron Howard and Russell Crowe seem to have been shooting, is Nash's growth, both because of and despite his schizophrenia, from an arrogant, cold  genius  to a warmer, less standoffish human being.  It is interesting to see his receptivity to the people around him increase, even as his attention to his inner hallucinations decreases.  The inverse relationship between these qualities is somehing to behold, and to ponder. I would like to take this opportunity to call your attention to an interesting casting decision.  Did you happen to experience a mild sense of deja vu, when watching Nash's lab assistants work together at MIT's Wheeler labs?  Or when we first meet them, in the film's opening scenes?  If you happened to catch  Dazed and Confused,  back in 1993, that explains the feeling.  The characters Bender and Sol are played by Anthony Rapp and Adam Goldberg, who played a very similar couple of buddies in  Dazed and Confused.   There, they were Tony and Mike,  the smart kids  in their wild Texas high school.  Here again, together they portray an unusually intelligent pair, coping with varying success with the mundane world.  Just an interesting thing to note....  Other more-or-less background characters look like they had a lot of fun playing their parts, as well, especially Ed Harris and Paul Bettany. A problem I have is the way that  A Beautiful Mind  glosses quickly over some things, to make a person's life into fit material for a 90 minute film.  Think about it.  The happy times that John Nash enjoyed with his wife Alicia (fantastically played by the brilliant/babe-acious Jennifer Connelly) seem to amount to a few months, tops.  It appears that virtually their entire life together, from their early 20s to their late 60s, were almost constantly miserable.  Somehow the film makes you fel that there is a grand human triumph in here somewhere, but I'm not sure I agree.  Nash's is certainly a fascinating life story, but the film ranks a little too high on the well-known  S.S.I.  -- the Schmidt Schmaltz Index. I have nothing but respect for Ron Howard, who is plainly a good man, a good guy, and an EXCELLENT director.  Therefore, I imagine that he probably felt it was worth telling this story in a somewhat overly  Hollywood  fashion, in order to draw all the more attention to the important topics dealt with herein.  Nevertheless, I just want to note that this movie is pretty simplistic in certain ways, and achieves its emotional punch at a certain cost in terms of its faith to the real story.  If you want a more complete version of this story, try Sylvia Nasar's book version, also entitled  A Beautiful Mind.   If you don't want to concern yourself too much with reality, but just love this kind of story, I'd like to recommend that you read Daniel Keyes'  Flowers for Algernon. 
 It is clear from a viewing of this very good film what Hollywood found so intriguing and so fascinating about the life of Nobel laureate John Nash. It is indeed a life that was distinguished by a raging plethora of contradictory qualities and experiences, and one in which much was suffered and yet much gained. Thus it was by virtue of the very range of these seemingly irreconcilable aspects to his complicated, convoluted, and extremely troubled existence that his story was deemed to be so irresistible that they gave it the "whole Hollywood treatment".  In a phrase, then, in the movie industry's judgment Doctor Nash was notably nuts, and was a distinguished Noble Prize-winning nutcase at that. And, oh, how Hollywood loves to romanticize such accomplished, misunderstood and unlikable miscreants.  That much said, the acting was quite good, and the director truly was inspired, and deserved an Oscar for his work. For he does deliver an immensely entertaining and enormously interesting piece of work here, however badly it may misrepresent the true and authentic set of situations it is portending to recreate. Using a barrelful of creative license, Ron Howard deep sixes the accuracy of the events to weave a lovely period piece about love, intellect, and madness. So too, Russell Crowe's acting delivers a powerful testimony to the agony of his afflictions, yet it too is so stylized and so pushed along by special effects that somehow we wind up feeling almost envious of the protagonist's beautiful hallucinations of a world far more singularly novel, photogenic and breath-taking than the one the majority of us seem to inhabit day in and day out.  Jennifer Connelly is stunning and lovely, and her victory at winning the Academy Award speaks volumes for how little is expected of actresses in some dramatic roles. So, while I liked the movie for what it was, I was disappointed to find it such a sugary and sentimental representation of the events as they actually transpired. The story was often uneven and disjointed, so while my interest was maintained, I would be less than candid if I didn't say that I thought it a bit too long and at points a bit belabored.  A good movie, but in my humble estimation  hardly a great movie. Glad to see Ron Howard win the Oscar, but did not think this was the best he has ever done. Enjoy!
 I wouldn't call this movie a true story or a great movie, but it's a definitely a good movie. Shipping arrived in under a week and haven't had any problems.
 Have been learning about transitioning books to screen, so read the book, A Beautiful Mind, first, then read the screen play.  I had not seen the film.  Reading the screen play immediately set me off in sudden outbursts of laughter,  simply at the surprises that continually would appear in the script which had nothing to do with the book.  In fact, there is very little of the book in the screen play.  By the end I discovered that the screen play is described as a story inspired by the life of John Nash and the book, A Beautiful Mind.  Taken alone, the script is a good study in turning the story into an adventure, complete with gun battles and car chase; in fact, the idea of mental illness and an ill math genius who wins a nobel prize, is the jumping off point for this somewhat James Bond romp.  But to be fair, it is developed, independent from the book or the mental disease, into an entertaining and moving story.  If you read the script, I suggest that you also buy the Two-Disc Awards Edition DVD which goes into great depth as to the scripting, the casting, the filming, effects creation, and much more. An enormous amount of care was taken in turning the actual story into an  "it couldda happened  film.. inspired by the life of John Nash, but almost entirely fictional.  It is a well scripted, wittilly dialogued, and interesting fantasia based upon a situation which had similar circumstances.  The script leaves the John Nash character on a "reality diet where he still is haunted by the presence of his other characters his mind has created, but which he now has learned to ignore.  In fact, the real John Nash has almost no memory of his fantasies and has no remaining "hauntings of them now. But hey, this is Hollywood, and they always have trouble discerning reality from fantasy.  Bottom line
 Howard's latest movie, and winner of several awards, concerns the genius, home life and mental illness of John Nash (Crowe).  Taking us through his college years up to when he won the Nobel Prize, 'A Beautiful Mind' is an assured, open and often very moving film.  Crowe proves that his performances in 'Gladiator' and 'The Insider' weren't flukes, with a showy but bravely unsympathetic role.  Many decried that playing the madman was an easy option, which maybe would have been the case with any lesser actor, but anyone who watches Crowe in the early scenes, a bumbling, nervous, self-righteous college graduate can testify that this was certainly no easy option.  Indeed, shrugging off the action stereotype that might have come with his last role was surely no easy feat but Crowe makes you forget Maximus of Spain completely here. Of course, that isn't wishing to forget the dazzling tour de force that is Jennifer Connelly.  Watching her act, the word 'actress of a generation' often springs to mind, and like Crowe she has proven her determination not to be typecast.  Her role here is as far removed from her performance as drug-addled Marion Crane in 'Requiem For A Dream' as it could possibly be.  A lesser performer may have been tempted to simply allow the script do the work (after all, she could basically have been a mere housewife) but it is in the reflection of Nash's madness in his wife's eyes that makes it so horrific.  You get the feeling that the occasionally unrealistic portrayal of schizofrenia have been made more romantic (there is only about one hospital scene) so as to ensure that the movie's rating was kept down.  However, through two magnificent performances the audience is allowed a real insight into not just how madness affects one person but the people around him. Whilst Howard's earlier movies such as 'Apollo 13' were assured but ultimately formulaic, he really shows himself to be a very talented director indeed on this which is probably his best film to date.  Thankfully rather than wallowing in period detail he wisely chooses to take it slow, injecting a good deal of characterisation and a very honest and therefore moving portrayal of a relationship on the edge.  Even if this doesn't quite rank up there with 'Hilary And Jackie', it is still one of the best biopics of recent years and a milestone for all concerned.
 but it's his performance that makes this movie.  A Beautiful Mind is an engaging film.  Not a great movie, but a very good one.  As has become rather expected in movies by the  better  American directors, the ending is pure schmaltz.  I presume studio pressure had a lot to do with it--which is an excuse that is unavailable to Mr. Speilberg, who has transformed himself into the king of schmaltzy endings.  But, I digress. Part of Crowe's approach to acting is to notice and replicate certain  tics  that become the nucleus around which his performance can spin, react, and coalesce.  But, unlike many lesser actors, these  tics  do not devolve into cliches.  He uses them as windows into the character's soul.  Here, John Nash's fingers do a figure eight on his forehead when the stress around him builds.  It's as if he is both shielding himself from the world and also wishing away demons with some arcane incantation.  Crowe's portrait of a man transformed by events beyond his control should have earned him an Oscar.  This truly was the performance of the year, and not a throwaway like Crowe's performance in the mediocre Gladiator.  But, apparently, he was even too rude and boorish for Hollywood (which is saying something when major stars can still win Oscars after attacking people with golf clubs). Jennifer Connolly won an oscar for her role, but I'm not quite sure why.  Her performance is adequate, but the role is thin and her range of emotion is merely ordinary.  There is one scene where she is driven into a rage of frustration, shattering a mirror in the process, but that is the only shining moment for her. Now if we can only get Mr. Howard to get off the schmaltzy ending train ...
 I didn't know what the hell was going on at first. I didn't know what to believe until I got to the end. I was wondering all through the movie "Is he crazy or not? The end had a magnificient ending proving that anyoone can overcome dissabilities and excel. I also liked the message that the wife sent to us movie goers and her message said to me to stand by the one you love, even if it may be tough. Go see the Movie. One Love.
 If you want to be entertained, moved, and possibly inspired,  A Beautiful Mind  may do the trick - it is well-crafted, with superb, understated acting from its stars despite occasionally schmaltzy moments in the script. But if you want to learn about Nash the Nobel-winning mathematician, read the biography of the same title by Sylvia Nasar.  I really enjoyed this movie in the theatre. Unfortunately, when I read Nash's biography, I realized just how much had been sacrificed to create this tale of one man's triumph over madness. Nash's bisexuality, his earlier relationship and illegitimate son, his years of estrangement from Alicia, the combination of paranoid and megalomaniacal delusions that characterized the full-blown stages of his illness and the solid work he accomplished during treatment... all had been swept under the rug. Leaving them out made Crowe's Nash a simpler, more sympathetic hero, but in my opinion does a disservice to the equally humorous, tragic, and heroic story of the real Nash's life.
 Was interested in seeing this movie after viewing an interview of Ron Howard by Charlie Rose on PBS.  I've enjoyed a number of his films in the past, and wondered how he would tackle this complex story.  I was so swept away by his delusions, I was disappointed to learn that they were mere products of his imagination.  Had heard talk of the psychological community not fully appreciating this film because it gives the false impression that schizophrenia is curable, when most cases are in fact not.  Still, an engaging movie, and I was surprised to see so many viewers in Honolulu for what I thought might be a "hard sell".  Due to the strength of his performance, Russell Crowell carries the film, and for this should be applauded.  I attended the film with a classmate who teaches courses in psychology, and she agrees with my assessment.
 The story of John Nash, a mathematician,  Beautiful Mind  contains some of the best performances I've seen in quite some time. Russel Crowe is a marvel as the troubled John Nash, and Jennifer Connely leaves a foot print in Hollywood with her performance. The film keeps you guessing as to if this guy, John, is really sick or telling the truth about his  illusions . At the beginning though, I didn't quite see where the film was going, and to tell you the truth it bored me a bit, but after the first twenty minutes the film starts to pick up pace throwing us a few laughs here and there. The film is structured perfectly as far as emotions go, and the over all feel of the film is heart warming and memorable. Oscar winning performaces on both Crowe's and Connelly's part, whom I'm sure will get at LEAST an Oscar nomination. Definitely one of the best films of the year!
 For those more interested in the life of Nash, one should consult the excellent book this was based on. As it is, this is a very good movie.
 For me, the movie easily held my attention through, a docudrama that is based in reality but perhaps acceptably dramatized for movie sake. For those interested in a journey through the life of someone with a mental condition, and efforts to cope, this movie is probably for you. If such concepts are not something you have the slightest interest in, there will be better movies for you. I was wondering how anyone could rate this 1 or 2, but after reading such posts I could also see from their perspective while clearly having a different perspective. I liked the movie a lot, and have watched it on a couple of occasions.  It would have been better if there was more information presented, medically or biologically regarding Nash's Schizophrenia, or simply Schizophrenia in general. I think that viewers enjoying such movies would have appreciated this, but this was certainly thought of from the production team and I respect the movie for what it is. A beautiful movie.
 great movie.  russell crowe does a bang up job.  he reminds me of richard burton and if he keeps his ego in check should be a fan favorite for years to come.
 A Beautiful Mind is not Crowe's best picture, perhaps, but it is one in which he shows his depth as an actor.  Having reviewed his performances in 3
 I didn't know much about Nash or his theories before watching this movie, and while I'm aware that the movie isn't a 100% accurate picture of his life, A Beautiful Mind still tells a beautiful story. Ron Howard does an excellent job at conveying the difficulty of distinguishing reality from delusion and the frustration that Nash and Alicia went through. Both Russel Crowe and Jennifer Conolly put in great performances, especially Russel Crowe. He is incredible to watch in this film; he brings intensity to Nash's character and portrays the changes in mannerisms flawlessly. The supporting cast is also effective and the whole movie was shot beautifully. Overall, it was thought provoking, moving, and very interesting to watch. Definitely worth it.
 for those who want to see Crowe really lay the smack down as a skitzo man who sees invisible people and does an amazing job, well then this one is for you. with strong moments and a good cast including Ed Harris, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Adam Goldbgerg, Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettamy. not the best film od 2001 one but its a good movie.
 This is a movie that recieved Academy Awards for a reason, it's much better than I thought it was going to be.  The best thing about this movie is the AMAZING acting.  You would think that Russell Crowe was really like that and they just filmed him one day.  Jennifer Connely was just as good as his wife.  It was a great movie, but it was just a little too slow for me.  Oh well, the great story made up for that.
 After watching this movie last night, I am somewhere between the "This Movie was Pile of garbage and the "It Won Best Picture So It Must Be the Best Movie Ever crowds. . . .  I purchased the book several years ago, and it looked absolutely fascinating.  It looks even better now.  If this movie did nothing else, it inspired and motivated me to put the book by Sylvia Nasar way higher on my reading list for next summer. Nash is/was obviously a tremendously complex man, regardless of his disorder, and to convey those complications in a two-hour movie is virtually impossible.  Howard took the easier road and omitted a pile of details regarding their marriage, some of Nash's personal views, etc., probably for the better.  Real scholars will read the book and get the "real story from the biography; the casual moviegoer got a fascinating glimpse into the extraordinary life of a tormented genius. What bumps my review up from three to four stars were the extras on the DVD.  Seeing the real footage of Nash accepting his Nobel Prize was a beautiful addition to the film, brief though it was.  I'd love to have seen and heard Nash's acceptance speech in that footage.  Some of Ron Howard's commentary, particularly as he described the deleted scenes and how/why they were left out, was very interesting.  They made the move of the two-disc format by piling on a bunch of extras, more of which I'll be exploring this afternoon and tonight. Did Howard and Crowe manage to portray the "beautiful mind of John Nash in their limited opportunity?  I'll leave that to the more irate and gushing reviewers.  Is it a "Pile of garbage"?  No.  Is it "The Best Movie Ever"?  No.  It is ambiguously somewhere in between, probably on the higher end of the spectrum--I've seen movies try to achieve more with less success. . . . Bottom Line
 This was a good film, but not the great film its been portayed as.  The best scene is Jenifer Connley's sexual frustration outburst.  While I love Jennifer Connley she seems mis-cast for this part, she seems out of place and not believable in parts of the film, she is just too hot.  Russle Crowe was good but neither him or her deserved Oscars consideration for these performances. Don't get me wrong, it is a good film, but it doesn't rise to the level of "great others seem to think ...
 I was interested in the story because John Nash is from West Virginia and wanted to learn more about him because I had never heard of him before the movie buzz about this film. I had no real expectations of the film before watching it. Masterfully directed.  The plot twist is unsuspected and you are not sure what is real and what is not. Very touching.  Cried a few times.  The true hero of the story is Alicia. Not sure how accurate the film is.  If any of it is true it is still a remarkable story.  Hope to hear more about Mr. Nash and his family.
 The title and topic alone are enough to suggest that this is a very special movie ----not one car chase, and lots of food for thought, and maybe worry.  I knew some people in the 50s and 60s who went through shock treament in dismal institutions, like John Nash did in this film And his determination to use his considerable math and reasoning skills to work his way out of scizophrenia was very inspiring.  Some critics on this web site bash director Ron Howard for not getting deep enough into the characters and the story, but hey, he and the cast and crew obviously worked very hard on this film to get it this far.  And I thought his treatment kept us involved in what could have been a very lengthy, complex film which might never come together.  He also demonstrated that while Nash was able to pull himself out of the depths by the force of his will and intellect, the cure was far from complete, and the struggle would be ongoing. Let's have more movies like this.  Think of all the beautiful minds out there ---contemporary and historical, and how much we could learn about everyone from Galileo to Einstein to Sagan, and many more. I can't wait for the next film in this genre.
 If you are interested in a touching character drama that casts a much-needed eye on the human condition, here's your film.  The relationships that are depicted seem very coherent and organic, running the gamut of natural reactions to situations that, though rare, are at least believable.  Even supporting actors seem to be putting their all into events in an attempt to make them matter to us. The skeleton of the story is drawn from real life.  Gifted mathematician John Forbes Nash, Jr., uncovers a previously unknown economic principle, proving that capitalism only works when vain self-interest is sometimes sacrificed to the greater good.  (We all knew that, of course, but he proves it using the numbers.)  He gets a plum appointment to an MIT/Defense Department project, meets and marries a girl, and then suddenly suffers a profound psychotic break. If you're not too religious about your character dramas, you'll like this one.  It tries to investigate what in this world is real and what isn't; it tries to find the human core of a man who has lost touch with reality.  This film won a bevy of awards, and no wonder.  If you've seen it, you'll know why ...
 This two disc set is worth the money. Regardless of the stock you put in the decisions of the Academy of Motion Pictures, this film is still quite good and affecting on numerous levels. It seems that almost any film-not just a best picture winner-can get the glossy treatment of a two disc release. I have often wondered who had the brilliant idea to do double disc releases or special editions of pictures that, in my perfect world, would never EVER have been made, much less released on DVD ("Baseketball anyone? The Adam Sandler catalogue-excepting "The Wedding Singer of course) In this case, the discs contain a lot of info, but none of it seems terribly compelling, save for Ron Howard's home video footage of Dr. Nash explaining his equilibrium theory. The section on the music of the film for example, seems short and rather dull like so many other DVD's which feature special segments on the soundtrack. James Horner talks about how he tried to harness the moods that he experienced while watching the film. Hardly mind-blowing. I think that's what ALL composers do... There are other extras that seem fine-not bad, not great either. (The standard for DVD was clearly set by the Ultimate Edition of Terminator 2, a film and package that deserves the treatment it received.) The picture quality is quite good, I have not experienced any pixelation yet. I don't know that I would have picked this film for best picture, but I certainly don't hold the view of some who say it should not have even been a contender. What makes the film compelling is that it is loosely based on the life of some real people. There have been ample opportunities for people-including the real Dr. Nash-to bash the film. He and wife Alicia have not. It's hard to imagine how some of the excised portions of the book could be sucessfully worked into the film without it become completely unfocused and disjointed. Howard states as much in his [usually] interesting feature length commentary.  Almost all of the deleted scenes are great and-in my opinion-should have been left in the final cut.  If his goal was to portray a man's struggle with schizophrenia and his journey through self-discovery and the discovery of love, then he suceeded. Take the film for what it is-a good drama and an inspiring story.  To the reviewer who didn't appreciate Howard's treatment of the disease, go watch any number of depressing films dealing with mental illness and tell me we don't need a bit more hope in our worldview of it. Who's saying everyone with Dr. Nash's illness can be so easily 'cured'? When we see Dr. Nash with his old friend-now head of the department at Princeton-his friend asks him if 'they are still there', refering to the three characters that Nash imagines. "Yes Nash replies. And when the man from the Nobel committee asks Dr. Nash about his delusions, Nash states "I still see things that are not there. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Kind of like a diet of the mind. So clearly, Dr. Nash himself has NOT been cured. [On his commentary, Ron Howard goes to great pains to describe the research that went into the film, the care that was used to ensure that the disease was treated in a proper manner.]  He has, however, learned how to COPE with an illness he still struggles with-Isn't this an uplifting view of mental illness? Hello?
 I usually enjoy Ron Howard Films&this is a Good Film but mainly because of Russell Crowe who to me Should have gotten a Co-Oscar for His Performance Here.I think He&Denzel Washington both gave Great Performance's thsi Year to Each get a Award.without Crowe's Performance this Film is another Long-winded film.the film glosses over many things in the Book&it hurts the film in that process.this film kinda reminded me of "Rain Man for some strange reason.I think because the fact that Crowe is so Gifted as a Actor&His Persona was shaped rather well with the Role He was playing.
 I enjoyed this movie from beginning to end. Russell Crowe's performance was extraordinary. He convincingly portrayed math genius John Nash, an oddball who sank deep into schizophrenia. His wife, well played by Jennifer Connelly helps, see him through his disease as he overcomes it, becoming a Nobel Prize winner for his  game theory.  Director Ron Howard gets us into Nash's mind as he is having his delusions and, therby lies one problem with this movie
 Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind is a tragic and inspiring masterwork that showcases one of the most impressive acting performances in recent memory.  If there were still any lingering doubts as to the extent of Russell Crowe's acting prowess, this film dashed them all.  John Nash (Crowe) is a brilliant mathematician who makes an amazing breakthrough in his field while a student at Princeton.  After graduating, he teaches at M.I.T. while working for the federal government as a code-breaker.  He begins a relationship with a graduate student (Jennifer Connelly) and soon they are married and settled into a quiet domestic life.  However, Nash soon starts to see patterns and associations of information everywhere and it is soon discovered that he is suffering from schizophrenia.  Serious questions as to his perceptions of the real world, both in the past and in the present, must now be confronted.  Virtually all aspects of "A Beautiful Mind work beautifully.  Howard's confident direction and the strong lead performances by Crowe and Connelly is the glue that holds the entire production together.  However, the important contributions made by supporting actors Paul Bettany, Ed Harris, and Christopher Plummer, composer James Horner, and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman should also be acknowledged.  "A Beautiful Mind furthermore deserves credit for not sentimentalizing Nash's struggle against mental illness.  The darker aspects of his tortuous road to recovery are not avoided and are unflinchingly presented warts and all.  It is a credit to Crowe's talent that we come to know John Nash so well and come to care so much for him.  Nash's life is an amazing story and "A Beautiful Mind is an amazing recounting of it.
 A Beautiful Mind is the touching story of John Nash, the brilliant mathematical genius who suffers from delusional paranoia, better known as schezophrenia. Nash is played beautifully by the talented Russell Crowe, whom I did not think could fit into this role. With his last film being Gladiator where he was buffed, here, he is slouched over and fits into an awkward body and mind.  A solid supporting cast gives this movie depth. I won't give away too much because there are a few surprises and no shortage of touching moments. A Beautiful Mind is flawed in that it simplifies Nash's achievements into elementary terms. I saw the extra with Ron Howard visiting Nash and it seemed he had no idea what Nash's equilibrium accomplished or stood for. Ron Howard, however, proves to be a fine emotional director and relies heavily on Russell Crowe's great performance.
 ... The acting, directing and screenwriting were stellar.  The only disappointment for me was that the movie was a whitewashed type of feel good vehicle for Ron Howard to do his typical (and typically well done) "triumph of the human spirit silliness.  That doesn't cut down on the enjoyment factor, but it does mislead viewers into believing that John Nash, the subject of the movie, was a more wholesome person than history tells us he was.  The movie leaves out all of the unsavory moments in Nash's life, from his alleged torturing of animals as a child to his prior marriage and adultery (and some worse).  As a result, the audience learns to sympathize with a person who may not at all be sympathetic in real life.  As I said, it makes for a great movie, but don't go believing it.
 The movie cinematography, casting and story line were wonderful. Quite interesting. I walked away feeling sympathy for all with mental illness.
 Russell Crowe has done it again with another virtuoso acting performance as genius mathematician John Nash, a victim of schizophrenia.  This movie is very reminiscent of an earlier film, Shine, about a gifted, but mentally ill pianist who overcomes tremendous obstacles to make a comeback on the concert circuit.  I did feel the ending to this film was a little over the top in its sentimentality.  And who persuaded director, Ron Howard, to  age  Jennifer Connolly with what has to be one of the worst and phoniest make-up jobs in history!  Aside from that, this movie must be seen just to appreciate Crowe's amazing performance.
 This is one of the very few films on my favorites list that is not war or combat-oriented. I still can't decide which Crowe film I like better, this or Gladiator. The acting is superb from all the chief characters (Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connely, Ed Harris), and I am very pissed that Denzel Washington robbed Crowe of the Best actor award for the crappy  Training Day . The plot is a little screwy, but Ron Howard's good directing makes it work. The only thing that really kept me from giving this movie a perfect 5 is that it robbed  The Fellowship of the Ring  of best picture.
 After the Grinch I swore to myself never to see a Ron Howard film again. My brother dragged me to this one and I went with my arms folded across my chest. Not knowing what it was about, I found the mathematician moderatly interesting. I was not expecting the "twist and it threw me for a loop. It is obvious Ron Howard has grown as a director in this film. It reminds me of Tom Hanks' career. For years he was known as the king of romantic comedy and now he is considered one of our greatest actors. But back then, who knew. I hope Howard takes chances like this in the future. Great story telling with a camera. As far as the DVD goes, the shameless differentiation between the real Nash and Crowe's Nash are a bit off-putting, but are nonetheless an interesting feature. Instead of a speech given at the awards as in the movie, some old dame with a tiara puts a medal around his neck. The commentary is also good and Ron does goof on the fact that is brother Clint is only heard in a sound bite instead of seen as in most of his movies. Maybe that's why it got best picture. Speaking of which, I am one of the few that actually can see the reasoning why A Beautiful Mind picked up a few oscars. Howard wins the Julia Roberts oscar. She won because she actually acted, he won because he actually directed. This is his best film since Appolo 13, which was a neat hat trick. It is a good movie with great acting and a phenomenal story. A great addition to any DVD library.
 Ron Howard's direction of "A Beautiful Mind is much like that of "The Sixth Sense in that it is only much later in the film that we see certain realities of the main character's world for what they are.  It does lose points with me, however, for not portraying certain aspects of John Nash's life accurately. Ignored, for example, is the fact that his wife, the initially spunky and forceful, Alicia, is El Salvadorian, and while Jennifer Connelly's portrayal of her was well-done, she could have adopted a more Spanish-sounding accent for the part.  While a bit beefy for the lead role, Russell Crowe submerges himself nicely into the character of the eccentric, socially inept John Nash, complete with a Southern twang. The film features the usual cornerstones of a Crowe performance
 This was a great movie at a great price! But there was a few times in the movie when the DVD was skipping almost like it was scratched even though it was brand new.
 Great movie. This Blu-Ray looks great. Loved the movie on DVD and this is sweet. Good stuff, buy it now. Ok? Yes, you should buy.
 Movie was great.  it came in a plastic wrap around the actual CD and it wouldn't play in select DVD players.  I used it for a college review in my sociology class and it was a great pick.  Awesome movie.
 There was a special edition VHS that had a "making of monus material that this dvd did not have so I was a little disappointed in that respect. Otherwise a good investment. The product arrived on time and in good condition.
 The Bottom Line
 I always thought that mathematics could drive a person crazy.  After watching A Beautiful Mind, I could verify that my theory is not absolutely preposterous.  This drama based on a real life history presents Russell Crowe as John Forbes Nash Jr, a mathematical genius whose mind goes through an intense trip from health to madness to health again. The complexity of the brain and its effects in human behavior are explored with a clarifying view in this film.  Nash's story begins in 1947, when the "mysterious genius of West Virginia arrives at Princeton to attend his studies. Obsessed with come up with a really original idea, Nash is most of the time solving complicated equations in the library, in the large windows of his room and even in the bar where he hangs out with his competitive companions.  And it is on a simple day that the idea appears suddenly. His study in the theory of the game audaciously contradicts the Adam Smith's doctrine. One hundred and fifty years of accepted ideas suddenly are not fashionable anymore and Nash's life changes forever. Now working at the recognized MIT, Nash becomes involved with some Cold War investigations, while simultaneously his personal life gives a complete turn when he meets Alicia, a physics student and eventually, his future wife.  But the dreamed life of Nash soon crumbles when they diagnose him paranoid schizophrenia. His genius becomes cloudy and from that moment, Nash must fight to apply the logic - the one that once served him to solve complicated theorems- to the disease that every day tries to moves him away more from reality.  Narrated from Nash's point of view, the movie tries to baffle us by mixing reality with fantasy; a technique that effectively makes us understand how confused a mind can get.  Russell Crowe offers a dramatic interpretation as Nash, as we see him age 40 years in screen. The actor takes a comfortable ride through the different facets of Nash, from the safe, arrogant genius, to the lost and tormented man that`s desperately trying to get rid of his demons.  Jennifer Connelly, as Alicia, complements Crowe in all senses. Desolated by the disease of her husband, Alicia fights under pressure to continue loving the upset genius and offering the emotional support that he needs so much.  Although inevitably the movie falls with its sentimentality, A Beautiful Mind is a film that's worth watching. Is not about mathematics or the important merits Nash offered to the world. It's about his genius, and how he accomplished to control his delirious and how he became not only a person with a truly great mind, but also with a great heart.
 I did like this movie, I didn't htink it wa steh most amazing movie ever but it was a nice stylized trick of having us deeply inside of his delusion before it's revealed that they are just that.  That was a nice touch and I think that Russell Crowe is a very good actor.  I'm always amazed at how much he can change himself to accommodate the character as seeming real.
 The story of a genius mathmatician at his onset of schizophrenia.  At the time Nash was diagnosed with schizophrenia it was thought that only insulin shock, medicine, and a stress-free life could allow him to function with the schizophrenia.  The medical treatments cost him his ability to solve mathmatical equations and ability to function.  As a man of logic he decided to take the disorder into his own hands.  Since Nash had always had a gift for solving irrational problems why couldn't he solve this one?  I am sure that what Hollywood has given us in this film is far from the truth of what really happened with John Nash, but it was a nice story.  The movie is charged with great actors.  Plus some of the deleted scenes are actually worth watching, a rare find.
 It sometimes seems like geniuses live in their own world, apart from the rest of us. In A Beautiful Mind, John Nash, who would later become a Nobel-prize winning Mathemetician, does live in a world of his own. He is a schizophrenic, unable to distinguish between reality and his own imaginings. The people he has imagined seemed so real that I could feel his world crumble when he discovered that he really wasn't part of a top-secret government organization, and that his jocular college roomate is not real either.  Russell Crowe makes an amazing transition from playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(Commodus) in the mask of a gladiator to playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(schizophrenia) in the mask of a genius. This is such a unique story for making a movie about, but it works.
 My complaints about the movie would have to be that it was too long, and in some parts I found it to be a bit confusing. However, I thought everything else about the movie was well done. The character developement of Alicia Nash was well played, and the delusions were amazing. They pulled you in, and you thought it was going to be some sort of spy action movie, but felt betrayed when you realized the truth. All in all, I would recommend it.
 It's extremely difficult to get into the mind (and therefore the world) of the patient with schizophrenia or a similar thought disorder.  Necessarily simplified from the biography of mathematician John Nash, this film achieves dramatic pace and structure that has no analogue in the life of even some of the most extraordinary individuals suffering from such a condition.   Setting aside the fact that Ron Howard's work is not true to the nominal subject of the movie, however, this film comes laudably close to a good clinical depiction of the desperate vividness of the auditory and visual hallucinations suffered by patients with schizophrenia, including the sort of elaborate structures of delusion which the more intelligent individual has been known to develop.   I would wish that Howard and his associates had managed to portray something more of the adverse effects of the drugs available to treat schizophrenia in the '50s and '60s.  Indeed, I would've liked to have seen Russell Crowe add to his superb performance some intimation of these harrowing elements so that the audience could better understand the pharmacotherapeutic factors that drove Nash to discontinue his neuroleptic medications and undertake what is essentially self-directed cognitive therapy in order to address his thought disorder.  Even the more recently-developed "atypical antipsychotic medicines have pretty nasty side effects, and we are far from perfection in the medical management of schizophrenia today.   This is in no way a perfect movie, certainly.  It is, however, good art, and we owe the makers of this film our thanks for helping increase the general public awareness of thought disorders.  Schizophrenia is a great deal easier to treat (both with and without neuroleptic agents) when it is brought to appropriate medical attention at the earlier phases of development, and Russell Crowe has succeeding in putting a human face on the disorder -- much as Tom Hanks did for HIV/AIDS in *Philadelphia* -- with great power and (I hope) telling effect.
 Having read the biography of the highly complex and none too likable math genius, John Nash, one cannot help but be disappointed in the movie version.  Russell Crowe is superb and brings all his talent and skills into this performance, but mainstream Hollywood director Ron Howard tends to go for general audience appeal.  There should have been more emphasis on the astounding work on game theory that led to his Nobel prize.  And bringing in less flattering aspects of Nash's behavior and brash personality would have made for much better drama than the ones contrived to tug at our heartstrings.  Still, general audiences who know little or nothing of Nash will be impressed with the way the story is spun.  Too bad more of the truth couldn't have been laid out for us to digest.  It's a real life drama that needs no Hollywood gimics or fictionalized script.
 Writing a biography is always a tricky thing, causing debates over accuracy.  When some say this guy is a genius, others say he's just a lucky fellow.  And if the person in point is still alive, the case gets more complicated.  So, script writer Akiva Goldsman did something very unique in creating lifestory of John Nash, Nobel-Prize winning mathematician.   Russel Crowe plays this real-life Princeton professor John Nash, whose gifted "beautiful mind leads his heart to the places where no ordinary persons can imagine to go.  Full of youth, confidence, and a little bit of arrogance, John is finally recruited by America's prestigeous institute, after writing a paper that later greatly influence the theories in economics and other academic fields.  Soon he finds his love in one of his students, and his life seems going smoothly until one gentleman came to him, asking to crack the secret codes from Russia. First, don't try to find anything authentic about Mr. Nashs life; the film is as real as those secret organizations depicted in 007 series.  The director Ron Howard and the writer Goldsman shows the "essence of his suffering from schizophonia, which is to stay with John Nash from his youth until his age got advanced much later.  Here's the trick of the film (you must see it for yourself), which may leave some viewers embarrassed.  I know some critics who in effect claimed, with some justfication, that this film doesn't pay enough respect to patients of this disease, and I am not perfectly sure how to refute these detractors' claims. The film has, let me assure you, been endowed with power coming from the leading actor Crowe, whose utter failure of "Proof of Life should be now forgiven and forgotten.  Nash's delicate sensibility is expressed with his gifted performance, and very subtle nuance is conveyed with well-timed lines that suggest his fragile inner feelings (see, for instance, when he is beaten by one of his friends over the GO game, how he mutters with hurt pride
 This item took a little longer to get here then I thought it should. I was going to use it as a Christmas present but it didn't get here in time for that so I had to use it as a Birthday present instead. The price was a good one for this movie and the person I gave it to really liked it.
 If he is the person responsible for his body of work, then John Nash cutely explained mathematically human decision making.  Kind of that game that celebrity poker players on tv play when they are bored, "What would Johnny Lautner(sp?) think? where they guess what someone would think is the right answer about someone else NOT what the actual answer is - but what would Johnny or Jennifer think it is!  That is a very cute and super impressive smart thing to create.  And could a crazy person (I don't believe there is such a thing as crazy) or rather someone who is distracted and exhausted by imaginary friends  - would he really be able to focus enough to carve out his excellent understanding of human nature and his strong mathematical ability to accomplish what John Nash did?  So I only watched the ending of the film because it looked unrelateable and unattractive to me, I couldn't trust any of the characters around the main character and I certainly don't enjoy people acting like crazy is an actual state of mind instead of an alibi to get away with murder a la Vincent "The Chin Gigante (Jay Leno, anyone?)  Too bad that most of the movie is about flailing at invisible to everyone else Paul Bettany (WHO would imagine Paul Bettany?) instead of what the actual theory is because I bet a lot of Americans would be interested and really enjoy sitting around playing with his theory, at least people who enjoy following WWE and Gangstarapper gossip would.  So fun but unexplored by Richie Cunningham who doesn't make bad movies but I just don't understand why he focused on Nash's alleged cuckoo for cocoa puff-ness.  These are the kinds of people who should get accepted into the Ivy League, not name droppers, social climbers and show-offs!  We wouldn't envy people who got into these schools when we didn't; we'd be grateful and rejoice!
 "A Beautiful Mind has been the subject of much pre-Oscar controversy; some of the charges against this film are more valid than others.  Critics have been coming out of the woodwork and accusing director Ron Howard of dodging some throny issues in his film biography of math wizard John Nash (accusations have ranged from Nash's alleged homosexuality to even anti-semitism).  In addition, the casting of Jennifer Connelly as Nash's long suffering wife has provoked the wrath of some in the Latino community (Nash's wife is really from El Salvador).  Regardless of the above, "A Beautiful Mind is a good film on its own terms.  Russell Crowe gives a powerhouse performance as the professor suffering with scizophrenia.  This must have been a tricky role to play, but Crowe pulls it off without faking a single move.  Jennifer Connelly was better in the far edgier "Requiem for a Dream, but she shines in her role as the long-suffering wife.  Howard competently directs the film with feeling and at a reasonable pace, although the spotlight really belongs to Crowe.  I wouldn't look to this film for hard facts on Nash, but nonetheless I recommend it on the strength of the film's stellar performances.
 Pretty much what I expected
 I didn't know what to expect when I first saw this movie at the theaters.  It is a different, but yet pleasant surprise type of movie.  One that shows how much our minds are taken for granted!
 Rusell Crowe comes back with an outstanding performance that brings back to mind his role in Michael Mann's "The Insider, where he played the role of a former executive from a tobacco company that becomes persecuted by the company because how much he knew. This time around, he plays the role of mathematician John Nash, a brilliant mind who stands out of the rest of his peers while he attended Princeton. This put him in a position where he was bound to be involved with the Department of Defense in Top Secret operations, as "the world's best natural code-braker. However his mind plays games with him and drives him down a cliff of paranoia, ending up diagnosed with schizophrenia. His trip back from this problem with the help of his loving wife Alicia (played by beautiful Jennifer Connelly -"Requiem for a Dream") takes a central place in the movie, until he learns to live with the visions of his past that surround him while he gets in touch once again with what's real in life... A movie with a beautiful message of what's possible with the help of love and determination. See it. You will like it.
 A fascinating movie with interesting plot twists.  I'm not sure I would use the adjective beautiful to describe his mind.  At least there's a happy ending.
 The Shaw Brothers, the company known for their many releases of Hong Kong films for many decades ran by producer Sir Run Run Shaw, knighted by the British government and founder of Shaw University in Hong Kong and even founded the HK-TVB TV network was a major power behind the company and his third brother Runme Shaw (who founded South Sea Film), the film company would become known as Shaw Brothers Studio and become the first studio to bring Hong Kong cinema with sound in 1934.  The Shaw Brothers have created over a thousand films and with several having been aired on US television and some being released on video, "The 14 Amazons gets its release on DVD courtesy of Celestial Pictures and FUNimation Entertainment via their Hong Kong Connection line featuring original masters of the original film and both the Mandarin and English dub dialogue.  In 1972, the film "The 14 Amazons was released in theaters and won Best Director (Cheng Kang), Best Supporting Actress (Lisa Lu), Best Sound Recording and Honorable Mention for Drama for the 11th Golden Horse Awards in 1973 and earn Lily Ho the "Oustanding Female Lead Performance for the 19th Asian Film Festival (1973).  VIDEO
 "The 14 Amazons originally came out in Hong Kong back in 1972, months after the OTHER epic Shaw Brothers film of the year, <a href="http
 Deeply informative dramatization of Beatles' John Lennon murderer Mark David Chapman from his start in Hawaii to his incarceration in New York. Newcomer Jonas Ball plays Chapman without going too far over the edge, though at times people who are familiar with the appearance of Chapman would wonder why they picked an actor who is at least thirty pounds less than the real McCoy. But what really got me about this film is it was written with Chapman's own words through police interviews and private memoirs. But when the filmakers decided to use the actual locations that where Chapman and Lennon walked twenty-five years earlier, they didn't account for the backgrounds would now be totally different, and a sharp eye will notice a 70's-make cab for instance driving by the 2006 ABC Network's JumboTron and it's newly lit-up Times Square. Even though these may take you out of the movie, it's the dark and insane words of Chapman that will keep you in. In fact, it's so detailed that the actual assassination doesn't take place till an hour and ten minutes into the movie, and yes, it's extremely hard to watch, even 25 years later.  I'd like to comment that I personally feel that as a society, we shouldn't turn these types of killers of famous people into stars themselves, forever attaching them to the person who truly earned that fame to begin with. But that is the nature of the beast. You'll find no sympathy or concern for Chapman after watching this, but it does explain very well his method of madness. (RedSabbath Rating
 I went into `The Killing of John Lennon' wanting to be illuminated.  A reenactment rather than a documentary, I was surprised by how much I remembered about Lennon's assassin, Mark David Chapman.  Looking and feeling like many fictionalized Hollywood films, this lurid account provides a great deal of authenticity.  After watching this film, I felt like I had walked in Chapman's shoes, or at least followed his footsteps, and I'm at a loss to state whether I'm better off for having taken that walk.  For stylistic techniques, the movie is edited with fastidious finesse.  We get near breaking edge fast-forward, slow motion, and artistic ensemble framing.  Writer/director Andrew Peddington spent a great deal of time and care on this film, and editor Tony Palmer should get some semi-prestigious prize for his outstanding work.  From the beginning, we get the horrible tragedy and then back up again.  They retrace Chapman's life before he made his fateful decision. Interspersed, we see the shooting again, and then again, as the movie marches forward to its inevitable conclusion.  Many times they show a collage of split-second John Lennon pictures frantically flipped across the screen.  I was wondering
 "The Killing of John Lennon takes us into the mind of a cold-blooded assassin.  I speak, of course, of Mark David Chapman, the mentally disturbed 25-year-old who shot down the former Beatle in front of his apartment in the Dakota building on December 8, 1980.  The movie achieves its goal by restricting itself pretty much to Chapman's actual words, which flow forth mainly in the form of voiceover narration, as he comments on his thoughts and deeds.  We're first introduced to Chapman in September of that year as a moody, darkly introspective near-loner (he was married at the time) living in Hawaii, who calls people he doesn't know with threatening messages, and becomes so obsessed with "The Catcher in the Rye that he begins to fancy himself another Holden Caulfield, i.e., a uniquely insightful observer and commentator on people and life whom no one else seems to understand.  We learn of his being raised in a loveless family by self-absorbed and disinterested parents, where emotions and physical affection were seen as inappropriate and to be avoided at all costs.  We see how he first begins to focus on Lennon as the representation of all that's wrong with the world and his own life, viewing the singer/songwriter as a hypocrite and a sell-out for preaching the gospel of love-over-materialism in his music ("Imagine no possessions...") while living the lavish lifestyle of the rich and famous himself.  Like Holden, Chapman came to see himself as on a mission to expose and bring down the "phonies, and Lennon was the one he alit upon.  We then follow Chapman to New York City, where he methodically closes his trap, carefully following in Holden's footsteps all along the way (for instance, Chapman stays at the Waldorf-Astoria and orders up a hooker simply because Holden does those things in the novel).  Chapman comes to see himself as fulfilling Holden's quest to "kill the fat man in the hotel - only Chapman will take that act out of the realm of fiction and fantasy and make it a reality.  Written and directed by Andrew Piddington, the movie, which has been shot largely at the actual locales, provides both a chillingly detached portrait of a man who was a self-described "nobody until he "killed the biggest somebody on earth, and an unsensationalized account of his actions before, during and after the murder.  Jonas Ball, who is on screen virtually 100% of the time in this film, effectively captures the loser-like nature of what is essentially a nondescript pipsqueak with delusions of grandeur who's determined to make himself noticed by a world that's paid little or no heed to him up to this point.  It is probably impossible for anyone to successfully get into a mind as warped and twisted as Chapman`s.  But the makers of "The Killing of John Lennon do give it a valiant try.
 While the film CHAPTER 27 was in production, there was a tremendous outcry that a movie was being made about John Lennon's demented killer, Mark David Chapman.  I don't really remember why.  I think there were arguments that any attempt to give Chapman the celebrity he felt he deserved would be realized with a film about Lennon's death.  I haven't seen CHAPTER 27 but the reviews aren't good.  I'll probably see it though, just to compare to THE KILLING OF JOHN LENNON.  (Both films came out the same year, similar to the CAPOTE/INFAMOUS and TOMBSTONE/WYATT EARP films).  But I doubt if anyone can watch THE KILLING OF JOHN LENNON and come away thinking that Mark David Chapman is anything but the crazy "killer nerd who should be locked away for the rest of his life (credit author Albert Goldman for labeling him a "killer nerd").  The film opens with the announcement that all of the words belong to Chapman himself.  I find that totally believable.  Chapman's descent into madness leading up to the murder is as sad as it is fascinating.  Scraping by with a goofy mother and a hapless wife, Chapman spirals into his craziness by first stumbling on to "The Catcher in the Rye, so identifying with its disenfranchised narrator that he sees the book as holy, and then stoking a furious hatred for John Lennon for "betraying his fans.  "The guy who sang that 'imagine no possessions' had millions and millions...making him a phony.  The film also feels authentic from the actual locations where everything took place.  I stopped by the Dakota on my first visit to NYC and it really made a difference watching this film.  There isn't a false moment in this honest yet stylized film.  It felt like a documentary about a very sick, twisted mind and how it single-handedly changed music history.  Check it out.
 Let's get this out of the way right now for the legions of Beatles fans who believe that this movie should never have been made. These fans, as I understand it, are outraged not only that the movie exists, but that it's been getting glowing reviews since it premiered at the Edinburgh International Film Festival in 2006.  "The Killing of John Lennon is not meant to please Beatlemaniacs. It's not meant to be in "good taste. It's not even meant to be entertainment in the traditional sense of the word. It is, rather, a difficult, disturbing, and at times nauseating movie to watch, even if you never cared about the Beatles or Lennon, even if you weren't yet born on December 8, 1980, and even if you have little sense of who Mark David Chapman--played with chilling accuracy by Jonas Ball--was, what he did, and why he did it.  Why did Chapman do it? Because he was an emotionally disturbed and probably insane individual. He wanted to steal Lennon's fame, his identity. He saw himself as the reincarnation of Holden Caulfield, the hypocrisy-hating narrator of J.D. Salinger's classic novel of disaffected youth, "<a href="http
 AKA  Horror Castle , this rarely seen German-Italian horror film has been handled well and is a find for collectors. Dubbed in English and directed by Antonio Margheriti ( Castle of Blood ), it concerns a new bride (Rosana Podesta) discovering the eyeless corpse of a woman inside an ancient iron maiden (the  Virgin ) in her husband's ancestral castle on the Rhine. Told by everyone it was just a nightmare, she suspects something more and sure enough discovers Christopher Lee (as Erik), a war disfigured handyman, acting suspiciously around some antique surgical instruments. Later, the sinister housekeeper balefully informs her that an infamous ancestor,  the Punisher , is back and bent on torturing and killing  shameless women . There is a mysterious costumed and hooded figure running around the castle and Podesta witnesses him placing a rat cage (with a very hungry and large rat) over a screaming woman's face. Meanwhile her husband is acting suspicious and a strange American who may be an FBI agent is lurking around the estate. It won't be long before Podesta is next on the killer's torture list. Nicely done in color and a very good print,  Virgin  is a lurid and creepy shocker with a couple of truly grisly scenes...the rat cage sequence being one of them. Podesta runs around in negligees discovering torture equipment, skulls and other goodies. The soundtrack features a Euro-jazz score with the scary music rising to crescendos at every twist and turn. It's no work of art, but a pretty good chiller with some good photography and atmospheric interiors (and exteriors) of the castle. I thought it could've used some more ghoulishness and less running around but as it is it isn't bad and worth checking out. Euro-horror lovers should like it.
 A Good Day For A Hanging, a solid and entertaining Western, bookends nicely with a much more heralded 50's Western, High Noon. High Noon, in addition to dealing with courage and personal responsibility, dealt with the problems of enforcing law in a society that is afraid to protect itself from imminent criminal activity. This film deals with the frustrations of properly punishing criminals once they are caught.  Fred MacMurray stars as a store owner who joins a posse chasing bank robbers. One of the bank robbers is a young punk played by Robert Vaughn, who also is very friendly with McMurray's young daughter. During the ensuing chase, the elderly and much loved town sheriff is killed by Vaughn, who is in turn shot and captured by McMurray and the posse.  MacMurray becomes acting sheriff, and pushes forth the prosecution of Vaughn. But to MacMurray's utter amazement, the town begins to sympathize with Vaughn,to the point that no one wants to believe that he is guilty. MacMurray's dogged pursuit of justice causes him strained relations with everyone in the town (especially his daughter) except the young town doctor, played by James Drury.  Well acted and written, this film continues where High Noon left off by indicting those who are always screaming for law and order, but do not have the will to enforce it. It is great that this film is being released on DVD.
 Fred MacMurray starred in several westerns in the fifties, and "Good Day for a Hanging", released in 1959, is an engrossing "duster that holds your attention throughout. It raises issues such as capital punishment, loyalty, duty, family and the nature of justice.  A gang of outlaws holds up a bank and escapes, with the popular town marshall and a posse in hot pursuit. During a shoot-out in the hills, the marshall is shot dead by one of the gang. The youngest member of the gang, Eddie Campbell ( Robert Vaughn in a terrific performance ), is wounded and brought back to town by the posse. Posse-member, Ben Cutler ( Fred MacMurray ), is sure that young Eddie is the outlaw who shot the marshall, although he convinces townspeople that there should be a fair trial, rather that a quick lynching. Ben reluctantly agrees to take over as marshall, which soon causes problems with his bride-to-be, Ruth Granger ( attractive Maggie Hayes ), and his daughter, Laurie ( petulant Joan Blackman) who has a crush on Eddie  ( Ben is a widower ). This, however, is a horse opera not a soap opera--there are fisticuffs, gunfights, a very tense trial scene and an excellent showdown at the end of the film.  Today I suspect most people remember Fred MacMurray as the affable and immensely likeable star of TV's "My Three Sons", and a number of Disney films. Film buffs know that,in fare such as "Double Indemnity and "The Apartment", Mr. MacMurray could also be effective in less sympathetic roles. In "Good Day", he certainly has an edge to his performance, and gives us a convincing western hero. In addition to the intense Mr. Vaughn, we have a "pre-Virginian James Drury as Dr. Ridgely, doting on Laurie Cutler, but unable to distract her from her obsession with young Eddie. Western fans will spot such actors as Denver Pyle, Gregg Barton, William Fawcett, Harry Lauter and the ubiquitous Tom London in supporting roles.  I see that the movie was produced by Charles H. Schneer and directed by Nathan Juran, better known for their collaboration with stop-motion effects master, Ray Harryhausen.  I found the widescreen, colour picture quality to be excellent--the sound typical for films of this vintage.  If you like westerns, Fred MacMurray may not be the first name you would think of. However, he was a fine actor, and was right at home throwing punches or lead ! "Good Day for a Hanging delivers a "good ninety minutes of western suspense and excitement. Recommended.
 A town marshal is shot and killed while pursuing a group of fleeing bank robbers.  Community pillar Ben Cutler (Fred MacMurray) reluctantly agrees to become the new marshal.  Cutler, a member of the outlaw-chasing posse, wounds and apprehends the trigger man, bad boy Eddie `The Kid' Campbell (Robert Vaughn.)    With Vaughn as a troubled youth - he never had a chance given the way he growed up - and MacMurray the middle aged, moral man at odds with the apathetic town he defends, think of GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING as a mixture of The Blackboard Jungle and High Noon, with a shady defense attorney and an extended courtroom scene thrown in for good measure.    The 1950s were the decade of message westerns, or a least westerns with a social sense and an accusatory finger to point.  1959's GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING isn't as strident as some of that era, but it's serious in its way, flaying a bit of the flesh of the fickle and apathetic townfolks while deifying the last honest man.  Fortunately, GOOD DAY possesses the reassuringly mellow presence of MacMurray as the man behind the badge, calming whatever worries we may have harbored that GOOD DAY will get too carried away with whatever message it's trying to deliver.    My expectations were fairly modest for GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING, and I'm happy to say I wasn't disappointed (wasn't pleasantly surprised, though, either.)  A traditional western with a competent cast, recommended especially for fans of the genre.
 Good Day For A Hanging features Fred MacMurray in what is more of a character drama than a standard Western.  MacMurray plays Ben Cutler, a former Marshall who gets caught up in the aftermath of a bank robbery gone wrong.  A gang of bank robbers botches what was otherwise a well planned robbery of the town bank, only to be chased out of town by the Marshall and a makeshift posse.  During the chase the Marshall is shot and killed, with all of the posse as witnesses.  The shooter, Eddie "the Kid Campbell,  is wounded, but relatively unharmed before he is brought back to town.  It is here that the movie shifts to a solid character drama, as a prominent defense attorney shows up to take Campbell's case.  Campbell grew up in the town and the attorney begins to plant the seed of reasonable doubt in the members of the posse - leading to a conflict with Cutler.  Campbell is convicted on the strength of Cutler's testimony, but the townspeople begin to doubt Cutler's motives as they wonder if there really was enough evidence to convict the Kid.  A movement in town grows to try to get the Kid's sentence commuted to life in prison, creating a conflict with Cutler, who is determined to see the sentence carried out.  Good performances from MacMurray and Robert Vaughan (as Campbell) help Good Day For A Hanging become as entertaining and engrossing as it is.  The dialog and laid back style are very much in line with some TV Westerns, but it's all just a cut above that level.  The direction from Nathan Juran is good, and sometimes inspired, and the cast does a good job of portraying a very tight-knit, family oriented town where everyone knows each other.  While Good Day For A Hanging isn't at the level of the best Westerns from the 50's (like Winchester '73, The Searchers, Warlock, Last Train from Gun Hill, The Man From Laramie, etc), it is still a good movie and well worth your time if you are a fan of the genre.  3 1/2 Stars.
 At the end of the decade of the 1940s Columbia Pictures was producing and releasing both Gene Autry and Durango Kid series "B Westerns, and doing well with them. During the 1950s, Columbia upgraded to more expensive fare, and produced a number of fine color Westerns with such solid actors as Randolph Scott, Fred MacMurray, and others. GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING  was one of several that MacMurray did for Columbia (also notable is FACE OF A FUGITIVE), and it's a very good one. MacMurray has a unique style in just about everything he does (as anyone who remembers "My Three Sons will recall!)--more meditative and quizzical, but always likeable. He shines in GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING, and manages to convey a resolve and determination that is also at the same time very human. This is no super-hero, but rather a man of real emotions, and thus identifiable with most viewers. In the end MacMurray's reasoned determination, albeit tested severely, is proven correct.  Production values and print quality are excellent; Columbia (Sony) continues to release some fine Westerns from the 1940s and '50s (e.g., THE VIOLENT MEN, LUST FOR GOLD, JUBAL, COWBOY, THE DESPERADOES, HANGMAN'S KNOT,  several of the Durango Kid series, etc.), and GOOD DAY FOR A HANGING is one of the better ones.
 Robert Vaughn hadn't quite come to be heavily identified as a suave but ruthless heavy yet by the time he made this interesting 1959 Nathan Juran-directed western, though there is something of the typical Vaughn sneering going on, as he does in fact play the bad guy in this somewhat politically conservative but relatively nuanced piece about a marshall (Fred MacMurray) who has to deal with a popular prisoner (Vaughn) who he knows committed a murder, but whom the townspeople seem very disposed to just let off for the crime - despite their respect for the marshall.  All in a small city in Nebraska in 1878, with the desire to see itself as "civilized and put the lawless days of lynch mobs and gunfights in the streets behind it.  At the beginning of the film, Ben Cutler (MacMurray) is a widowed ex-marshall, now shopkeeper about to marry Ruth Granger (Margaret Hayes), another widower with a young son.  Cutler has a daughter, Laurie (Joan Blackman) who stops in the street to talk to a boy she grew up with and loved who she hasn't seen in years, Eddie Campbell (Vaughn).  Unbeknownst to her, Vaughn is the horse-handler and lookout guy for a group of bankrobbers busy taking out the bank right behind her.  Something goes wrong with the holdup and they all take off; this scene is nicely put together as we feel that Laurie might be in danger throughout, but it turns out they get away without hurting anyone.  Soon Marshall Cain (Emile Meyer) takes off after them with a half-dozen impromptu posse members in tow including Cutler.  It's a hard pursuit and the outlaws are just about caught when they take a switchback up a wash and one of them turns back to fire, killing the marshall.  Cutler fires at the gunman and takes him down, and it turns out to be Campbell.  The others escape, and the wounded gunman brought back.  Despite the marshall having been close and witnessing the whole action, the town seems divided almost from the beginning as to whether to believe his story, or Eddie's.  Young Campbell apparently was a troubled kid with a lot of problems growing up, and the nice liberal folks of the town want to give him a break - and they also see Cutler - now the Marshall - as having it in for him as he disapproves of his daughter still being interested in the outlaw.  An oily sort of attorney (Edmon Ryan) comes from out of town to defend the kid, and the state-appointed prosecutor (the wonderfully named Wendell Holmes in the best secondary role of the film) seems to regret his part in the whole thing; it turns out politics are at play, right up to the governorship, and Marshall Cutler will have much to contend with even after the trial is concluded.  I don't know the history of this film, but I don't think it's an exaggeration to suggest that the law-and-order, protect the victims and take care of the bad guys attitude on display here is somewhat in contrast with such films as TWELVE ANGRY MEN and the "anti-McCarthy western SILVER LODE from the previous few years.  I think the film would have been more interesting in many respects if we the audience didn't know quite clearly from the beginning that Vaughn's character is in fact the killer; and if his unfortunate past had been developed at some length beforehand.  As it is, it's hard to feel sympathetic for him at any point and we're always on the side of the Marshall, so the deck is stacked.  Still, this is well-constructed and Juran (best known for several of the best fantasy adventures with Ray Harryhausen special effects during this period) has a fine eye for compositions, particularly in the action sequences.  The acting is all fine, though it's always MacMurray's film, and if there were a bit more subtlety to the storyline and we were a bit more in doubt of his motives, his performance might have been even more impressive.  The "Columbiacolor process results in plenty of clarity but a rather rust-brown cast to much of the film; it's far from one of the best-looking late 50s westerns.  But despite all of it's problems, it's a nice piece of work overall and an interesting addition to the pantheon of politically-oriented westerns from the period.  The DVD offers a reasonably good transfer; subtitles in English and Japanese available; no extras except for full-length trailers of THE PROFESSIONALS and SILVERADO and a highlights trailer for about 20 or so other, mostly Columbia, westerns now on Sony DVD.
 Been waiting for this one to get to DVD. My review will be updated when I get the disc, but for now I'll comment on the movie itself and not the disc quality.  FWIW this was also known as Eyes of Hell, it is a 1961 low-budget Canadian horror film produced in 3-D by Warner Bros.  This is a really great B horror flick. One of those Friday night Shock Theater gems for sure.  The 3-D sequences, four in all, last only a few minutes each. They were designed by montage expert Slavko Vorkapich, and feature an array of distinctively psychedelic visuals, some of which are mildly gruesome. A crude electronic music score enhances the strangeness of the 3-D scenes.  The movie is well done considering it's low budget, the story concerns a young scientist who obtains a mysterious ancient tribal mask. Whenever he puts on the mask he experiences weird dream-like visions which become increasingly disturbing and violent. The visions begin to alter his personality, and eventually drive him insane! Wee, what great Friday night fun! Pretty obvious where the later comic book and Jim Carry movie plot line came from.  UPDATE
 The Mask is a good film from way back when and is also in 3D in some sections when it says 'put the mask on' (meaning put your glasses on'. I thought it was clever, scary and all around a good production.  As far as the 3D goes, it works very well actually there are some moments in there that reflect it's goal and it just adds another element to the film. So all around, as in these movies go , keep an open mind, follow the instructions on viewing 3D, and just try to relax and enjoy yourself.
 Okay, 3-D has come a long way since this movie was made, but this still provides a fun evening with the kids.  And don't feel bad if you start nodding off 'cause the narrator will wake you up when he shouts, "Put the mask on now! Put the mask on now!  The story is a bit goofy, but it's nice and creepy when you get to the 3-D scenes.  Viewers who enjoy films such as "Carnival of Souls and "The Killer Shrews are sure to enjoy this rose of the gutter. 
 A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
 I REALLY LIKE THE LIVE PERFORMANCE.  LUCKY DUBE GAVE ONE OF HIS BEST PERFORMANCE.  I WILL RECOMMEND THE DVD TO ALL REGGAE MUSIC LOVERS!!!
 Do not listen to the bad review because they are wrong. This is just like the cover ad says "It's Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs. I think the graphic violence in this films reaches the level of seven so if you did not like seven because of its graphic nature then skip this film. But if you have the stomach to see it then this is the thriller of the year and you should see it.
 H is one of the strongest thrillers to come out of Korea since Park Chan Wook's VENGEANCE trilogy. While it has taken obvious ques from key American influences such as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, it is not just another cheap imitation. The film follows detectives Kang and Kim as they track down a copycat killer that has been murdering women using the same patterns as a man that they have already imprisoned. With the next murder only days away, they must confide in the sadistic Shin Hyun in order to find out the identity of the new killer before it is too late. Director Jong-hyuk Lee combines a smart script with a clean shooting style to produce a fast-paced and suspenseful crime drama that is built on a pair of excellent performances by Jin-hee Ji and Jung-ah Yum as the two cunning detectives. Their performances are equaled by the calm and calculating Shin Hyun, played by a convincing Seung-woo Cho. Lee takes extra care in establishing his characters and constructing the mystery behind the murders, but none of the clues that are dropped throughout the film give any indication of the killer's true identity. This makes the reveal in the end feel both convenient and contrived. Outside of this unfortunate misstep, H is a top-rate psychological thriller with a winning cast and many bloody murders.  -Carl Manes I Like Horror Movies
 Two young women are found brutally murdered, one in a landfill, the other on a bus.  Both were pregnant, with one infant still wriggling inside his dead mother's stomach.  The homicide department's cops are called in, led by Detective Kim Mi Yun, who has a new partner, Kang Tae Hyun.  Kang's a bit of a hothead, he's always late to the scene of the crime, and he seems a bit cocky at times.  So he's a bit difficult to like.  And he's especially impatient, wanting action now as opposed to waiting.  In contrast, Kim is an icy, unsmiling person, but at the same time, more logical.  When Kang is frustrated that they are getting nowhere, she merely tells them she is going around, looking at the case from a different angle. When he tells her she is mean, she retorts that yes, she is mean, but at least not as emotional as he is.  There is a reason for Kim's harshness.  The killings fit the same pattern as that of Shin Hyun, a psychopath who murdered six women in ten months before turning himself in.  Shin Hyun's crimes was so traumatic to Kim's partner Han Jung-woo, he ended up killing himself.  The agony was double due to the fact that Han and Kim were engaged.  So the question is, is this a copycat killing, or has Shin Hyun hired someone to duplicate his crimes?  A meeting with Shin Hyun's psychologist, Dr. Chu Kyung-Sook is a dead end.  She's more level-headed but aloof, refusing to cooperate due to patient confidentiality.  It's a matter of professional conduct, but she flatly tells Kim and Kang, "My patient is more important to me than a victim I don't know.  And when the pair later tail her, she merely gives them a superior smile, definitely not one to let them get her goat.  The cover's description of "Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs holds true up to a point.  Shin Hyun's quite anti-social, his quiet words laced with a kind of weird babble about the echoing abyss, dirty blood, and the restless sound of spirits, so thus a far cry from the terrifying but intelligent words of Hannibal Lecter.  But the methodology involving his killings is very thematic to what made him the way he is.  A woman who had an abortion was not only killed, she had her left ring finger cut off because according to him, she was unworthy of marriage.  And an abortion doctor was killed in a very horrible way.  "Cruelly killing for the sake of life's nobility, remarks the chief of police.  H is a pretty bloody serial killer drama, with throats slit, people butchered in horrible ways--with one particular scene of a corpse suddenly crashing on top of a police car with a thud.  And there are a few red herrings thrown in for good measure.  But what's thematic is the abortion issue as a whole, the choice of having the baby or not.  As Detective Park says, "Use a condom or have the &lt;expletive> baby!  If Yeom Jeong-a (Kim) is familiar, it's because she appeared in A Tale of Two Sisters as the stepmother, Eun-joo.  She's a far cry from that manic character, as Kim barely cracks a smile in this film.  And the actor playing the police chief, Park Young-Su, also came out in the horror film Whispering Corridors as the teacher, "Mad Dog Oh, as well as another police higher-up in Another Public Enemy.  Not bad as police/serial killer dramas go.
 This is a Korean thriller that some have said has a passing resemblance to `The Silence of the Lambs'. It starts with the bodies of a pregnant woman and her, now removed baby being found in landfill. At the same time another pregnant woman is found garrotted on a public bus. The crimes bear all the hallmarks of a convicted serial killer - Shin Hyun (played by the baby faced and entirely innocent looking Seung woo-Cho). The problem is he is on death row and hasn't been allowed out, probably health and safety got involved! Anyhow the newly appointed Detective Kang (Ji Jun-Hee) is despatched by the thoroughly over serious Detective Mi Yun (the quite beautiful  Yum Jung Ah)to the prison to interview Shin Hyun. He is rather sinister and not falling over himself to help and actually comes across as more scary by being so innocent looking.  They then visit his psychiatrist and she uses patient confidentiality to not help. It soon becomes clear that some of her other patients have a few hidden agendas too. There is also the fact that the cop who investigated the original crimes was emotionally entwined with Detective Mi Yun and he committed suicide as a direct result of the case. The only real advice or help that our Korean Mr Lecter can offer is `be careful not to turn into the monster that I am'.  This is a slick stylish and well made film that has more twists than a sack full of eels and more physiological goings on then is normally healthy. The plot is also well paced in that you don't really get it until it is being revealed to you and that is how it should be or it wouldn't be much of a thriller really would it? It is also fairly action packed the sort where if you look away you will miss something.  This is the only film I have found accredited to writer and director Jong Hyuk-Lee and I think it is superb, I actually wanted to give it five stars but there are a couple of tiny plot holes and some of the acting is a bit overly petulant. If cops behaved like that they would lose their badge, but hey this is a film made for entertainment and a very good one at that. At 101 minutes long it just flew by and I was kept guessing right up to the end. It is a bit gory in places so not one to watch with a TV dinner. But for fans of thrillers and moreover world cinema, this offering from Korea is a little cracker (not unlike the prawn variety - my puns are definitely getting worse).
 It is a good movie, plus a music CD. At times you have to listen closely because of the accent.
 Watch it at christmas time. A very good movie. I didn't listen to the cd yet.
 The year was 1950 and Warner Bros. was looking to recapture their glory days into the foray of very big Westerns the studio produced during the 40s. MONTANA was one of Errol Flynn's last Hollywood films. He would make his last Western for Warner Bros. that same year ROCKY MOUNTAIN, based on a little known Civil War incident and one of my favorite Flynn films. In MONTANA Flynn is a sheepman who invades cattle country in Montana controlled by cattle ranchers Alexis Smith and Douglas Kennedy. Under Ray Enright's direction and under James R. Webb, Borden Chase and Charles O'Neal's scripting it has a feel of the empire building era that was prevalent in numerous Westerns. Flynn is smooth as usual but the film's greatest asset is the colour Cinematography by Karl Freund (Academy Award Winner for THE GOOD EARTH). Composer David Buttolph (THE HORSE SOLDIERS) provided the score.
 Flynn is good as sheepherder in confrontation with cattle ranchers in the old West. Alexis Smith co-stars.
 "Mulberry Street is not so much about rats who turn humans into flesh-eating monsters in New York City. It's much more basic than that
 Holy cow! I'm not one to get all excited by an indie horror movie but this movie would have to be the exception.  The people of NYC are under attack by rats. The government has quarantined Manhattan and all hell's broken loose! Those who've been bitten have mutated into "rat people.  This movie makes you care about the characters which makes it that much harder to see them die. I really liked this flick and highly recommend it.
 My expectations have generally been low for horrorfest films, and most of the titles in this batch have done little to change my mind. However, Mulberry Street is a character driven film that actually indulges emotions deeper than simply fright and the desire for bloodlust. There has been mention of the similarities to 28 Days, but that was far more global. Where Mulberry differentiates itself is in the characters it develops both before any of the horrors occur, as well as during the chaos. We are introduced early to a small group of people with ties to, where else, a Mulberry Street tenement. Their reactions, relationships, challenges, and fears are followed throughout the film while the rest of the city collapses around them. The antagonist of the story, if you will, is a virus derived from rats causing residents to become enraged, flesh-starved beasts. While there are plenty of the graphic scenes that are typical in a movie like this, the focus remains on the plight of our small band of tenants. Because we know them and do care, their collective fates do concern us, and there is an emotional resonance to their suffering. Some are the moments are frightful, many heart-wrenching, but all heartfelt. There is a feeling that this is a drama placed in a horror setting, and it doesn't disappoint.
 This is a story idea that could've gone very wrong. I was pleasantly surprised by how well this film was done.  It was very Indie-looking from the beginning, with gritty film stock and no-name actors, but after worrying for the first few minutes that this could mean "cheesy", I realized that the film felt authentic instead. I was made to feel a part of the community of Mulberry Street, so when things start to go wrong, I felt as anxious as the characters.  I like films that make me forget that I am watching a film. I like it when I get lost in the world I am watching, no matter how fantastical the situation may be. The writers / director kept a story very grounded in "reality", that could've been silly  or unbelievable. They didn't over-explain or show too much of the horror / gore of it all. I think the best horror stories are the ones where the audience feels as though they are secretly peeping into other peoples' worlds. We get to sit in our comfy chairs and watch their safe little lives fall apart in a horrific and disturbing way. This film pushes it just far enough without breaking that line where "suspension of disbelief becomes "that would NEVER happen".  If you like all things horror, old school style, I think you will like this film. It is clearly made by people who love the genre and care a great deal for the underground art of move-making. I hope to see more from these writers and director. They have a new fan.
 Both last year when I got to see the original After Dark Horrorfest in the theater and this year when I had to wait until they came out on DVD, I managed to watch almost all of this films without knowing anything about what they were.  The streak ended with "Mulberry St, because in addition to having a suggestive tag-line for the film ("There's something below us worse than Hell"), the cover of this DVD has a quote from Bloodydisgusting.com that this is "A 'Zombie' film that breaks the mold.  Last year when there were a couple dozen of us who were seeing the 8 films 2 die 4 in the afternoon one of the guys sitting in front of me (we pretty much sat in the same places each day) missed the beginning of "<a href="http
 Mulberry St. actually turns out to be a pretty decent film. I went into watching it with an open mind because some of the After Dark films turn out to be crap but with this one, you actually start hoping the characters will make it through, even though you are pretty sure that they won't.  The characters are all living in a run downed apartment building in N.Y. and there was no surprise to me that it did have rats anyway. An epidemic breaks out because rats start biting people around the city and all hell breaks loose. Certain people in the building get bit and then it's an allout race as to who can defend themselves and who can't. Check it out and watch the WHOLE film. Not once did I feel like I had to shut it off because it is THAT good and keeps you wondering throughout the whole film.  I give it a 4 out of 5 stars. Great characters, good plot(even though we know this won't happen-Rat People), great suspense building and ok camera work(could've done a little better but not all that bad). Also, it had some good gore scenes(rat people eating other people) and some ok makeup work.  One of the good films in the series.  DD
 Well this was a nice surprise in the 2nd group of After Dark movies!  I really enjoyed this flick unlike some of the other uneven offerings we usually get with this series.  This movie builds characterization, suspense, a sincere feeling of dread and is truly a "horror film!  Hallelujah!  I think the best way to see this movie is on a big screen at home, watching this in the theater I would probably have been motion sick because I don't think the camera ever stops moving but that's not a bad thing.  The story revolves around an epidemic that is breaking out around New York of random violent acts.  What is causing this?  Rats are biting people turning them into rat zombies.  Sure it may sound stupid but it is a really unique horror film and the pace is set very quickly early on.  The story is basically a rundown apartment complex is being overtaken by rats that turn people into zombies.  While this doesn't sound like much, it's the way the characters interact with each other that gets the most attention.  There are some eerie scenes and enough blood to please the gore fans but it's not just a blood and guts movie.  It really analyzes the relationships of the tenants and how they handle/help each other during the crisis.  It's really a story of how during adverse conditions people really pull together to help each other.  This movie is definitely worth your time and you will also probably find it an enjoyable way to spend 84 minutes.  The extras on the disc are minimal, I believe there were only 2 deleted scenes and just a few outtakes but while low on the special features this film really delivers a punch.
 I've been slowly getting through the second lineup of the After Dark Horror Fest library, and not finding anything particularly good either.  That was until I came across Mulberry Street, which judging by its synopsis sounded like a pure cheese-fest.  I was ever so glad to learn just how wrong I was.  In New York City, something is very, very wrong with the rat population.  The people that they bite are turning into mutant beasts with a taste for human flesh, and it isn't long before the denziens of a run down apartment building are fending them off to survive as the city soon comes under martial law.  What's the most surprising about Mulberry Street is how director Jim Mickle actually manages to get you to care about the characters, and make these otherwise cheesy horror events come off as actually scary and suspenseful.  Other than its conclusion and its tired 28 Days/Weeks Later filming technique, Mulberry Street still ends up being a solid horror flick that delivers the goods.  All in all, if you only end up seeing one of the After Dark Horror Fest flicks, make sure that it's Mulberry Street.
 I'll be brief this time. No long winded verbal exhaultations.... I loved this flick. The characters were quite familiar, as i grew up in NYC..they were very real and convincing. The film, though dark at times (even in the dark shots you could see clearly what was happening), rolled along beautifully. I felt during many moments..that i was there with the actors.  The premise wasn't anything new, but it was done in an original way. There was some blood and guts...but it wasn't important either way, I was drawn in to the film as the tension built, and it showed how vulnerable we are when we live in the city...especially in a cramped tenement.  It was good to see a horror film that was obviously done by fans who have love for this genre of film, especially in this present day mega-bucked hollywood film making that is plain garbage.  Mulberry street was a throwback joint (a back in the days flick),combined with a modern style of film making. I have a lot of love for this Indie flick which by no means was sophmoric, corny, cheesy or any other adjective you wish to hate with... Good make up effects...great acting...tension, adrenaline..and I guess im getting soft, because it had an emotional ending..  Long live Mulberry street..long live the Independents  Hollywood can kiss my A**  PEACE
 I didn't think that I would like this movie,I thought that it would be just a dumb B movie! But I was pleasently surprised by this movie! This movie really made me care about the characters and made me wonder who would still be alive at the end. It was also nice to see some Latino characters in a good movie, since Hollywood seems to have forgotten about us. But I digress, Mulberry Street is worth watching even though the premise of people turning into Rat/Human hybrids seems silly at first but then again people accept Werewolves and Vampires and other assorted creatures just fine. This movie is worth a watch, I don't think that you'll regret it!
 Growing up as a Long Islander who was born in New York City, I had a love/hate relationship with the city. On the one hand we viewed it as the centerpiece of the world - everything new, trendy, and interesting appeared there first and made its way to the surrounding tri-state area.  On the other hand, it was dangerous, dingy, and frequently disgusting.  My grandfather lived in a "railroad apartment with walls that had never been repainted and floors that were never cleaned.  And that's the setting for Mulberry Street.  Anyone who has been in one of these apartments knows them on sight, and Mulberry Street is so authentic that you can practically smell the musty rooms. The camera's claustrophobic view of the interior apartments hides nothing - this isn't a movie filmed in Canada pretending to be in New York.  It's the unglamorous, gritty side of the city that is everyday life for so many New Yawkers.  Unfortunately, Mulberry Street has several strikes against it.  Let's start with the title
 It may not be very polished, but Mulberry Street (2006) is an extremely effective little horror thriller, with true to life characters, and gritty mostly believable situations.  Shot with a limited budget, the production has a very intimate and cozy atmosphere, that adds to the believability.  Image quality suffers at times, and some of the shaky imagery is irritating, but the story is very effectively told, and barely gives you any reason to question the presentation.  The story takes place in New York City, where something that turns people into flesh craving fiends, is being spread by rats.  The events unfold over the course of one day, and are centered on the activities of some of the residents of a condemned apartment building on Mulberry Street.  Nick Damici, who co-wrote the screenplay, plays Clutch, one of the residents.  He jogs in the neighborhood, works out on the roof of the building, and is expecting the arrival of his daughter Casey (Kim Blair) an ex-soldier injured while in the service.  Bitten by a rat while doing repairs, Ross (Tim House) the building handyman, is one of the first of many victims.  Clutch's neighbor Kay (Bo Corre) follows the progress of the widespread outbreak, while tuned in to the TV news at the bar where she works.  The disease spreads fast, and the epidemic is soon out of control, with public transportation suspended, areas of the city quarantined, and people being attacked in the street.  The initial response from the government is slow, leaving the victims to fend for themselves.  Clutch secures things at home, getting friends to lock themselves in their apartments, before heading out to check on Kay.  He manages to get Kay out of the bar, and while headed home, runs into his daughter who is driving a stolen truck.  Once Clutch gets back home, things focus on the attempts of the residents to keep the infected hordes at bay.  The diseased are dubbed "rat bastards", as over time the malady causes some to resemble rats.  They are relentless, and can move quite fast.  Zombie tales seldom turn out well.  Miraculous solutions are quite rare, so the focus is usually more on the struggle to survive.  Mulberry Street may not feature actual zombies, but it follows a familiar pattern.  It's easy to buy most of what happens, as a core group bands together to survive.  The cast is very believable as working class folks, with authentic dialog that is only occasionally exaggerated.  The story unravels a little near the end, as the action ramps up to a frenzy, for a climactic finish.  There are some overdramatic elements, such as when old friends return to visit, but they are not stretched out gratuitously.  Despite budgetary constraints, director Jim Mickle tells a gripping and frightening tale very well.  The special effects are limited, you don't even see a gun, but what is presented is quite effective.  The dark atmosphere and tight framing helps to draw you into the situation.  The writing is solid, and the cast does a great job with the material.  And there's no place with the mystique of New York City.  If you accept it for what it is, you may be pleasantly be surprised at how effective a thriller Mulberry Street is.
 This movie took me by surprise.  Yes, the concept of people turning into giant, violent human/rat hybrids does seem silly on the surface, but luckily they don't spend too much time on the 'monsters' themselves.  No, the real star of the movie is Mulberry Street, and the apartment complex the characters in the movie reside in.  This isn't the santized Manhattan you have been seeing for years in movies by Disney, Woody Allen, or Nora Ephron; this is the gritty, cramped, and claustrophobic urban chaos you saw in movies like "Dog Day Afternoon", "The French Connection", and "The Warriors", and I couldn't be happier to see it (just don't ask me to live there).   Basically, the plot of the movie concerns a zombie outbreak without the zombies.  The filmmakers do create a great sense of tension throughout the film, although they can get kind of frantic at times with the jump-cuts.  The nominal hero of the movie, an ex-boxer named Clutch, waits for his daughter Casey to come home from a stint oversees in the military, while he also waits, along with the others in his apartment complex, to be evicted from their homes when the building is demolished to make way for a new developement project.  We meet several charactes who live in the apartment complex, and they are all appealing, so you feel and care for their safety when the outbreak does occur, which you can see coming from the numerous television and radio broadcasts placed throughout the film.   The movie is not perfect, though, because while I liked the idea of rats becoming infected and attacking people, I found it curious that while most of the victims became zombie-like flesh eaters, a few turned into those human/rat hybrids, with silly rat-like noses placed awkwardly on their faces.  A minor quibble, I guess, and luckily those hybrids don't take up too much screen time.  But otherwise I highly recommend the movie, if only for the setting itself.
 Zombie flicks have flooded the market over the past several years and nearly each one released seems exactly the same as the last with the exception of a few.  Mulberry Street wouldn't be any different if it wasn't for a slight "twist".  Instead of having a zombie apocalypse, the creators decided to make the undead flesh eating rat zombies.  Sound lame?  Well surprisingly enough it isn't.  The story is pretty basic, rat attacks have been escalating in the city followed by a fatal sickness with each victim bitten.  The source of the virus is never explained, aside from it being carried by rats.  This is nothing new for zombie flicks, they usually never explain the origin of the virus.  The film does a nice job of developing the characters it introduces and luckily since the acting is above par compared to many of the other After Dark films, you actually somewhat care about the characters fate.  The gore isn't anything to write home about, it's what you'd expect from a movie like this.  The majority of it are shots of the rat people feeding on dead corpses.  The movies saving grace is that it's pretty intense with some genuinely creepy scares and how oddly disturbing some of the creatures look.  I found their look to be more frightening than any zombie I've seen in a film (with the exception of the final scene of Rec).  Overall I'd have to recommend this movie to horror fans.  In's one of the better After Dark Horror Fest films and would stand pretty good on it's own right.
 How the movie was shot, it made the plot work, didnt really know what to think with people being infected by rats, but it works.  There was one scene where a guy punches a ...........rat zombie?  in the head and caves its skull, it really didnt fit in the movie, I didnt like that.  It was obvious that they did their casting in New York, which made the acting in the movie more authentic. Its a Good Pick!!
 The tenants of a condemned apartment complex are left to fight for their lives when plague-bearing rats begin infecting the neighbors, turning them into mutant zombie were-rats that quickly consume the entire island of Manhattan! MULBERRY STREET is easily one of the best independent Horror entries acquired by the After Dark Horrorfest series. It manages to create a huge look and feel on a tiny scale. What makes the film so effective is its emphasis on character, establishing flawed, raw, but genuine personas that carry the plot through its slow build. Jim Mickle also utilizes the crude look of the digital photography along with putrid color filters and dilapidated sets to give the impression of a devastating citywide epidemic much to the same extent that Danny Boyle had done in 28 DAYS LATER. The film also cleverly injects a biting injunction against urban renewal when it comes at the cost of ruining people's lives and destroying their homes. MULBERRY STREET is not a perfect film, but it does show a great deal of promise and is far above average compared to most other low budget Horror entries.  -Carl Manes I Like Horror Movies
 The story here is a little flimsy, and at times the "rat/people/zombies looked kinda silly, but overall I very much enjoyed this one. The cast was very "average joe", like you could run into any of these people on the street.  This lent a realism to the film that so many other movies lack.  I also enjoyed the cinematography quite a bit.  Instead of making everything too dark as so many horror films do, instead we get our heroes fleeing to a rooftop in a washed out shade of blue, while the government haz mat team is filmed in bright yellow and orange ascending the stairs. Doesn't sound like much but little touches like that made the film visually interesting to watch.  Another example is a very brief shot of what looks like two yellow lights on the street, then one turns to red and the viewer realizes the second yellow light is actually the moon.  Nice touch.
 Well, after my appalling experience with Camp Death earlier today, I can't believe I actually found a really good horror movie!  I was very pleasantly surprised by this one, and I have Mr. Enriquez' review to thank for it! So, thanks!  Anyway, I really enjoyed this one, and actually wish I'd bought instead of renting it. The actors are believable, the plot was fairly original, and the camera work was steady. I'd recommend this one for any horror fan who finds even reasonably good new movies hard to come by.
 PRIDE does not open any new doors in the genre of film biopics of teachers who raise the status of downtrodden students to the point of genuine appreciation of self worth.  The story has been told countless times with different characters, both male and female, different races (African American, Hispanic, Caucasian, etc), and different areas of the United States.  But despite the recurring similarity of heart-on-the-sleeve stories such as this, PRIDE stands solidly on its own merits, in part due to the well developed and written screenplay by Kevin Michael Smith, Michael Gozzard, J. Mills Goodloe, and Norman Vance Jr. based on the life and contributions to society of Jim Ellis, in part due to the sensitive direction of Sunu Gonera, and in part due to the fine cast.  The idea behind the story may not be new, but PRIDE is a fine example of the genre.  Opening in the 1960s we meet Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) as a superior swimmer unable to use his gifts because of his race.  Jump 10 years forward and Ellis has finished college as a math major and seeks to teach in Philadelphia, only to face racism again. Desperate for work he accepts a 'closing down' job at a condemned Philadelphia Recreation Center tended by downtrodden Elston (Bernie Mac) who resents Ellis' intrusion into his domain.  Ellis restores the center's swimming pool and gradually initiates a swim team for troubled teens, young boys and a girl who are new to swimming and even newer to the thought that they can become someone important and rise out of their slum surroundings and influence of drug lords.  With time Ellis teaches the team not only how to swim like champions, but also how to gain faith in themselves through PDR (Pride, Determination, Resilience), eventually winning a championship as a team of African Americans in a city still plagued by racism.  The cast is excellent
 I know what you are going to say
 "Pride is a good watch and is it safe to say the good outweighs the bad? For me it was, but it depends on what you are looking for in a film. "Pride is inspired by the true story of Jim Ellis (Terrence Howard) who starts a swim team at the Philadelphia Department of Recreation. It's 1974 and though it was a great time for music, race relations where still a scab on our country as a whole. Mr. Ellis took it upon himself to help a group of underprivileged, urban, youth, and actually a community, take pride in themselves.  That is one of the main things that work. The story. We are not talking about a high school that had a losing record but got together to win the next year. This was a group of young men who had never even been in a pool much less thought about swimming in competition. But they had a coach who believed in them and when the other side of the tracks, the city council and even their families where telling them "no", they said "yes through their actions and determination. And by using lesser known actors it brings in the realness of the story. It is like you are looking back into the '70's on their faces. Relieving a real moment in time. The music helps a lot. The soundtrack works well with the look and style to again bring home the '70's era. The O'Jays, The Isley Brothers, The Brothers Johnson, James Brown, Aretha Franklin; music that is prominent through the film and makes it classic.  What doesn't work so well for me is surprisely Terrence Howard as Coach Ellis. Howard is a fine actor but not believable in the role of coach so much. He lacks the Denzel Washington strength that most coaches exude. It doesn't have to be loud and forceful but it is there, right below the surface and Howard does not have it. Thankfully Bernie Mac is there to salvage the casting dilemma. Mac is brilliant and is an element that keeps this film from being a total acting fiasco. The other non working part of "Pride is the predictability and need to have every stereotypical character imaginable. The tough kid on the edge, the weak kid wanting to be accepted, the ladies man who just wants the hook up, and the evil city council woman bent on bringing it all down. The story alone works and the writers should have gone with that strength.  "Pride is Rated PG for thematic material, language including some racial epithets, and violence. It is safe for the family and a good way to talk to your kids about racial issues. Maybe that will keep them from making the same mistakes our parents and grandparents made. Mistakes that still amaze me to watch. The sheer idiocy of a race and culture in a modern society is baffling to the mind. I give Pride 4 out of 5 breast strokes. Though this film will not be a record breaker at times you will laugh and cry and cheer with a look at Pride.
 PRIDE realistically captures some of what it takes to build a swim team in a tough neighborhood.  It also shows realistically the interaction between older teens and racial tensions of the times (1970s). I wanted to show this film to our swim team but changed my mind because I felt the language and themes were not really PG rating material and not appropriate for children under 10-11-12 depending on their maturity.
 I enjoyed this movie and the children loved it. It was a good positive message in the movie for teenagers.
 I was looking for a sports movie and this is one of the few I haven't seen. I also swim and appreciated the authenticity and, if you have followed the sport you know that African Americans are rare even today. Set against the period it is a pretty amazing story that you could get this bunch of kids to give up other sports and in fact excel.  You will love the soundtrack and the groovy clothes and Afros of the era. Bernie Mack and Terrance Howard have some great moments. Tom Arnold sort of phones it in even for the evil guy.  There's a pretty small pool (ha ha) of swimming movies, so this one floats to the top with bonus points for being a true story. There aren't a lot of surprises; you watch these movies to be inspired.
 The civil rights movement remains an important time in American history. Blatant racism during slavery gave way to the equally humiliating Jim Crow period. Terrance Howard, Bernie Mac and Evan Ross carry this film.
 I didn't know what to expect with this movie and was very pleasantly surprised by it.  Every bit as inspirational as Rocky and just as much fun to watch.  What made it even better is the fact that IT WAS ALL TRUE!!  It really happened!!  If you want a fun, inspirational movie for the whole family to watch, you can't go wrong with Pride!
 "Pride recycles some familiar stereotypes and film clich&eacute;s to present a dramatization of some of the accomplishments of swimming coach Jim Ellis.  If a film fits easily into a formula, it should be well done or at least have something new or important to say.  I'll go ahead and admit that I'm a bit of a sucker for the underdog-makes-good sports movie, from "Rocky to "Glory Road", so in fairness I'll go ahead and admit I'm willing to accept a few cosmetic blemishes in this genre.  Terence Howard gives another excellent performance in the lead.  A competitive swimmer in North Carolina in the sixties, Jim Ellis met the inexcusable but expected prejudices.  In the opening we see Jim at a meet where competing teams refuse to swim in the same pool as a black man.  Cut to fifteen years later we see that Jim has obtained a math degree and hopes to coach swimming.  He applies to prestigious Main Line Academy where Tom Arnold's character tells him in essence that "his type couldn't coach at the school.  Jim goes to the unemployment office where he's given a temporary position wrapping things up at a Philadelphia Department of Recreation center slated for closing.  The Center is dilapidated and you can see why the city would no longer want to fund it.  Bernie Mac is good as Elston, the Rec center maintenance man who is just waiting for the ax to fall, then is mad to find out from Ellis - the new guy.  Kimberly Elise is good as Sue, the girl-from-the-neighborhood-who-made-good and understands Elston's hurt at the closing of the center.  Today a city council-woman, we're told in a scene that she "made it as a result of the Rec Center. But even Elston admits that no one has actually used the center in months, other than the boys who play pickup games of basketball on the courts outside.  The next part of the movie gives us the set-up
 This movie was good, moving, with a story and a moral.  I liked it.  Its the kind of movie you can watch with your kids.
 Pride starring Terrence Howard is based on a true story. Howard plays Jim Ellis who coaches some stubborn but talented teenagers how to swim like pros. This little film has a lot of heart, Howard always gives a flawless performance. Bernie Mac and Kimberly Elise also star. The music in the movie is great as well, set against the backdrop of the turblent 1970's. I highly recommend purchasing this under-rated gem, enjoy!
 Even though swimming isnt really something that can be prideful its the point of this story that you can be more then what people expect you to be an just because other people want to act stupid doesnt mean you have to inspiring in many way not just swimming
 Good movie about the first black swim team. Throws in some cliched elements like the nasty hoodlum which was not needed. Overall a very satisfying movie.  Frank Scoblete's new book "Casino Craps
 This Abbott and Costello Double Feature from the Roan Group offers high-quality copies of AFRICA SCREAMS and JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, two ubiquitous "public domain titles that can be found almost anywhere DVDs are sold. While it's superior to most copies in circulation, the Roan edition of AFRICA SCREAMS is not as crisp as some others. For example, the $1 disc from Digiview has noticeably sharper picture quality, particularly in an early sequence when Bud and Lou are outside Hillary Brooke's mansion at night. Curiously, both editions seem to have used the same source material for their DVD transfers, although the Digiview version cunningly edits out the copyright notice in the opening credits. (See my review for the Digiview release.)  That leaves JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, and if you've been searching for the best DVD copy currently available, this is it. (It seems to have been taken from the Image Entertainment laserdisc, which also featured some extras not included here.) The print used for this transfer was in excellent shape, and is a faithful representation of how the film was originally released in 1952
 Abbot and Costello were a comedy team for a long times until the fought more then they acted. As a result of the on-screen chemistry - many memorable moments in film history were created. (Who could forget Abbot and Costello Meet Frankenstein? A classic.) This very cheep DVD features two of their funniest films and great for kids too. Africa Screams and Jack And The Beanstalk. Africa Screams is hysterical. It puts all the stereotypical impressions of the African Culture and mixes them with Abbot and Costello. What could be funnier? Jack And The Beanstalk was cleverly written and involves music, magic harps and a lot of character performances all mixed in with the humor that is only Costello's brand. He plays Jack and boy do you realize what a mess the fantasy world would be in if he was actually there! The quality of the transfer is not the best I have seen, but the movies speak for themselves. And, it's a great price!
 Africa Screams and Jack & The Beanstalk are both what I would consider average Abbott and Costello films, not quite as good as their earlier films or the first meet the monsters series, but they are still entertaining Africa Screams has the comedy duo in Africa due to a misunderstanding looking for diamonds - this one has Clyde Beatty, Frank Buck and a giant orangutan (a nod to the 1949 Mighty Joe Young) Jack and the Beanstalk is the Abbott and Costello version of this well known fairy tale, and its in color ! Entertaining to a certain great These 2 films has been released by numerous DVD companies, but the one to get is the release from the Roan Group. The transfers are incredibly clear ( taken from a laserdisc I believe) So if you like Abbott and Costello like I do, and collect all of their films, the good and the bad, I would recommend getting this particular DVD of it.
 I agree with the previous reviewer 100% regarding the Roan edition.  It would have to be my choice because Jack and the Beanstalk includes the trailer.
 Jack &amp; The Beanstalk...an amusing film for an adult but really good for young children.  Basically it's the story of an old woman who lived in a shoe, little boe peep and jack and the beanstalk.  All of the kids fairy tales in this amusing movie.  Africa Screams here would be the better picture for adults however.  Africa Screams which features 2 of the Stooges third stooge(Joe Besser and Shemp Howard)Shemp's character is rather unamusing and Joe Besser's character is ok.  But the stars that shine here as always are Bud Abbott &amp; Lou Costello. Very funny picture and this 2 dvd combo is definitly a worthwhile purchase.
 The Charlie Brown holiday specials have been an institution since the 1960s, with the Thanksgiving episode produced in 1973.  Although arguably not as good as some of the other holiday episodes, such as Christmas and Halloween, the Thanksgiving special is still a great deal of fun.  The basic premise is silly but clever - Peppermint Patty invites herself to Charlie Brown's house (or Chuck as she calls him) for Thanksgiving dinner.  Being a pushover, Charlie cannot bring himself to tell her that he's going to his grandmother's house for Thanksgiving; thus, the basic premise of having no adult supervision is explained rather adroitly.  Charlie enlists the help of Snoopy and Linus to make a rather untraditional dinner.  Along the way, everyone learns a little about the origins of Thanksgiving, the true meaning of being thankful, and to be more sensitive of each other's feelings.  And it all comes with toast, jellybeans, and a bouncy song about Woodstock ("Little Bird").  Who could ask for more?
 Yes, you read correctly
 This is one of the better Peanuts videos. A solid story, excellent score, not seeming too rushed or too drawn out. Adults can enjoy this one with the kids.
 What I like about the Charlie Brown cartoons is that they're totally child-centered.  Adults are so insignificant that they're not seen at all and when they're heard, they make this weird "Ma hwa ma hwa hwa sound.  In this episode, Charlie Brown, with the help of snoopy and his bird pal, help make Thanksgiving dinner for his friends (all because pushy Peppermint Patty bulldozed her way into an invite). It's funny, when I was a kid, I assumed Peppermint Patty was a boy because Marcie called her "sir and because she dressed like a boy and had a gruff voice.  It wasn't until this movie where she's blatantly flirting with Charlie Brown that I realized she's actually a girl. Anyway, my favorite parts of this movie are when Snoopy is making the "meal for the group.  It's totally a meal that a kid would conjure up and I also liked how he serves the plates like a dealer serving cards.  I really liked Marcie in this movie because she's the only one who stands up to Peppermint Patty.  Charlie Brown is too timid and even Linus backs down, too. And Snoopy is funny as always.  He's kind of bi-polar in that he can be smiling one moment, then frowning, growling, acting proper, then laughing again.  What a crack up!  This cartoon still makes me laugh out loud today.  This movie comes with a bonus movie called "Mayflower Voyage that is educational, but also very boring.  Charlie Brown and his friends don't have much dialogue with each other and instead, you just hear a voice-over running off facts.  The character voices are also different, too. So, 5 stars for "Charlie Brown's Thanksgiving and one star taken off for the dud "Mayflower Voyage".
 Thanksgiving is not really something that is acknowledged and certainly not something that is celebrated in Scotland, but I watch this TV special every year in the run up to Xmas just to get me in the mood. The cartoon begins with the usual gag where Lucy yanks the football away from Chuck. I guess he'll never learn to distrust women, eh.  But his main grief in this one is the fact that all of his friends invite themselves over to his place for Thanksgiving despite the fact he's going to his grandmother's for the celebration. Snoopy and Woodstock work together (and against each other) to prepare a slapdash dinner including toast, jelly beans and popcorn. Needless to say the rest of the Peanuts gang are far from impressed with the menu, though that doesn't stop Peppermint Patty putting the moves on Chuck.  All this talk of food has made me hungry.  An episode from "This is America, Charlie Brown is also featured in which the Peanuts gang recreate the famous Mayflower Voyage and trials and perils of the passengers and crew as they make their way to the new world. Having never studied this in school I never knew what Thanksgiving was about other than eating a turkey. This episode details all the main parts of the story and is quite a history lesson.  It's a natural companion piece to A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving as is obvious by it's inclusion on the DVD. But for all of you non-American people who don't fully understand the holiday perhaps you should watch this first.  I don't get why the starving passengers didn't just eat Woodstock though.  A self-congratulatory 12-minute documentary is also included.
 This review is dedicated to Brooke Shields. (In her book, she said Thanksgiving is one of her favorite holidays.)  We may have to watch this a few times before we really understand how great it is. It's basically this. Charlie Brown and Sally are planning to go to their grandmother's house for Thanksgiving. Then Peppermint Patty, calls Charlie and says she is coming along with Marcy and Franklin to Charlie Brown's for Thanksgiving. Poor Charlie can't seem to get a word in edgewise to explain that he won't even be home. So, Linus (being on the smarter side) says to just make a quick supper for Patty, Marcy, and Franklin. (This turns out to be toast, popcorn, pretzels, and jelly beans.) Peppermint Patty gets angry when she sees the supper, but then feels bad and apologizes. (With some help from her back up conscience Marcy.) The whole gang is then invited to Charlie Brown's grandmother's for supper.  While this may seem to be a simple story, it is actually quite profound. Over time, a holiday (be it Thanksgiving, Christmas, or Easter) can develop a string of customs. And in following the established customs, we forget the TRUE ESSENCE of the holiday and what it is really about. Thanksgiving is about being thankful for things we have. And as Marcy puts it
 It's Charlie Brown and Snoopy! Who doesn't love a classic, holiday, fun video.  A great video to bring back memories and create new ones with your children.
 Remember Marcie? The bespectacled girl who's so in awe of the tomboyish Patty that she calls her Sir? Patty, who's long worshipped her "Chuck from afar blows it bigtime when she invites herself, Marcie and Franklin to a Thanksgiving dinner--and then finds fault with Charlie Brown and Snoopy's culinary talents with toast, pretzels and jellybeans. After her host leaves the table in humiliation, Marcie politely but firmly runs her "mentress through a reality check. Marcie gets 5 stars for gumption and diplomacy here, but the moral of the story is if you're so overbearing that you invite yourself to dinner, don't critique the menu.
 A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving never has gained quite the classic status as the Halloween or Christmas specials but this one is still great fun and how many Thanksgiving specials are there anyway?  Peppermint patty invites herself and several others to Charlie Brown's house for Thanksgiving.  Problem is that Charlie is going to his Grandmas for dinner.  Well, ol' Chuck just can't turn them down so he enlists Snoopys aid to throw togehter a quick feast of junk food causing Peppermint Patty to blow her top.  Grandma saves the day and has Charlie bring all the kids to her house for dinner.  At home, Snoopy and Woodstock hold their own Thanksgiving dinner.  A pretty good Peanuts holiday special.  Charles Schultz, Peanuts creator, is no longer with us but it's good he was around long enough to see that his creation had become a national phenomenon!
 I am so glad that I ordered this movie for my class. They loved it because who doesn't love Charlie Brown and Snoopy!? You can't go wrong with a classic for
 What you can you say about the characers created by Charles M. Schultz, they are classics.  Is this the perfect special no, but it doesn't mean that they aren't part of the perfection of Peanuts world.  Kid friendly with fun for parents who remember whent the world was a simpler place.  Capture a tie to that simpler world with the joy that is Charlie Brown.
 It's the classic Charlie Brown Thanksgiving...no surprises there.  Afterward, however, is a bonus feauture which I really enjoyed.  It's another 30-min (?) movie based on facts related to the Mayflower Voyage and the Pilgrim's first Thanksgiving, all with the Charlie Brown characters in it.  Well done!
 This is a classic, so you'll get pretty much what you'd expect.  Except for one thing...  there is another Thanksgiving episode on the DVD that isn't really appropriate for very young children and isn't even that entertaining for older ones.  It's a very sober account of the first Thanksgiving, complete with suffering and starving Pilgrims and their misconceptions of American Indians. It's an accurate history lesson, yes, but if you're looking for Snoopy and the gang to entertain you, ignore the 'Bonus' track.
 Though not as good as the two previous CB specials, it's still waayyy better than anything after it. "Little Birdy is cool and sounds like it should have been a Lou Rawls number. But, where is Lucy? And Marcie is so cute! When I saw this on TV this year, didn't the Snoopy, Woodstock, pumpkin pie epilogue used to be with a turkey instead of the pie? Changed to unindict Woodstock from being cannabalist? Hmmmm.
 A classic that we watch every Thanksgiving.  Five stars belongs to "A Charlie Brown Christmas and this does not come near the quality, so only four stars.
 Transfers of ECHO BRIDGE (aka "Platinum Disc") public domain movies is about average. No sign of restoration on their 60 and 70 year old films, with none dubbed from pristine studio prints. Minor downside
 Flying Deuces is perhaps the best Laurel &amp; hardy film ever.  I loved it, however it is offset by possibly the worst Laurel &amp; Hardy film ever in  Utopia , Stan Laurel looked very thin and unhealthy and old and Hardy was the biggest he had ever been in the films...although there were humorous parts to it overall it was a pretty big stinker...but  Flying Deuces  is worth the purchase by itself.
 I bought this movie for my mom who loves Laural and Hardy.  She just loved it.  I recommended it to anyone who loves a good wholesome funny movie.
 As a practitioner of Sun Pakua, I am always happy to see any material on this rare art. Most Pakua is wushu oriented  with lots of flair and little substance.This style however came about back when Pakua was still a  fighting art.This tape gives a good representation of the form and power. I  would like to have seen much more applications. Other than that it was  pretty good.
 This amusing Chinese import appeals at many levels. Dicky (the boy's name in the subtitles, at least) lives with his widowed father. The father struggles to make ends meet, while sending Dicky to the best school that he can afford, determined that Dicky will have all the chances in life that the father never had. Dicky struggles too. Poverty makes him odd kid out at school, and small size makes him an easy target for the school bullies. Almost everything more than essentials in Dicky's life comes from his father's knack for salvage - including an odd little toy ...  It would be easy to say too much about this charming movie's plot, especially if you've seen <a href="http
 Title
 It might sound unlikely, but "CJ7 is a family picture, directed by Stephen Chow who is probably best known for his two recent comedies "Shaolin Soccer and "Kung Fu Hustle. Chinese-made "CJ7 is also a comedy, and a very well-made one, but if you expect the same kind of comedy Stephen Chow had done before, you might be disappointed.  First, though Stephen Chow plays an important role, his role is a supporting one in "CJ7. "CJ7 follows the story of a boy named Dicky (Xu Jiao), son of Ti (Stephen Chow), a laborer working at a construction site. The work is hard and Ti is not rich (actually, very poor), but the father spends every money he earns to send Dicky to a prestigious elementary school. But Dicky is not very happy as he is picked on by other rich kids at school.  One night Ti finds a strange green thing in the junkyard. He brings it home and gives it to his son as a present without knowing a UFO (yes, a big flying saucer) had left the thing behind. But it is a great present for the boy because Dicky finds a new friend in a new "toy - CJ7 - a tiny puppy-like creature (?) which, it seems, has special powers - or maybe not.  It is hard to explain the charms of Stephen Chow's latest film. In "CJ7 a familiar theme of love and friendship (like "E.T. of course) is developed to make a heart-felt comedy through a convincing portrait of a father-and-son / son-and-creature relationship, but the plot also contains slapsticks, spoofs (from "MI2 to Japanese popular manga "Doraemon"), comic fight scenes created by special effects and one toilet joke.  You may take the film as satire targeting modern fast-changing society of China, and believe me or not, "CJ7 is also a serious drama (or melodrama) with tearjerking moments. The film will be criticized for its storytelling, which some may call whimsical or even slack, but others may think Chow as director is only making his film subversive, avoiding the pitfalls of comedies and family pictures, especially predictability.  [THIS PARAGRAPH HAS MILD SPOILERS] Speaking of subversive, please watch the faces of the supporting actors/actresses closely and you may notice an interesting thing. Xu Jiao, who plays the boy Dicky, is really a girl (she had to have her long hair cut for the role); Han Yong Wua, Dicky's "love interest is actually a male; and two bullying boys of the school, Johnny and his "bodyguard, are played by Huang Lei and 23-year-old Yao Wen Xue, both females.  "CJ7 is less like other over-the-top comedies Stephen Chow did in "Shaolin Soccer and his films made in the 90s (such as "Forbidden City Cop, a must for any Stephen Chow fans). In his latest film Stephen Chow takes the backseat to flesh out the characters Dicky and "CJ7 in particular and develop their stories. "CJ7 is a nice comedy, funny, and sometimes eccentric and surreal, and it also has a dramatic story driven by the characters you identify with.
 I picked up a copy of this movie from Netflix a couple of months ago for my 3rd grade son thinking it would be something to kill a rainy afternoon with.  Turns out that it is much better than that.  My son loved it so much that I had to get him his own copy.  My wife and I watched it. too, and really enjoyed it.  Besides the story, we enjoyed the look at a different culture from the everyday aspects of going to school and work.  The copy of the movie itself is great and was shipped very quickly.
 First off the negative reviews surrounding this title seem a little unfair.  After reading them, I suspected that this film contained something completely awful.  Such was not the case... though it does deal with themes that are a little mature I wouldn't say that this film is for the entire family and that is it's misconception.  The film is geared more towards adolecents and adults more so than children.  the film is quiky and what you would expect from Chow.  but it's humor is somewhat dark at times.  Either way, should you sit your 8 year old next to you and view the film? I would say it's probably not the best idea.  but it is worth watching for yourself.  CJ7 is quirky and sweet.
 Very well presented tale about a poor laborer and his child who'se lives are changed when they encounter a little alien. This movie could have gone both ways but with a experience director that wanted to make this film we end up with a pretty good little movie...good for kids and adults.
 The story was not quite what we expected.  It started out slow but DID get more interesting and eventually captivating.
 I really liked this film, which can be watched with English subtitles and original Mandarin Chinese or With English language in the audio.  If watching with the audio words in  English, it is actually really good (as many films aren't).  Suitable for children and adults, it portrays a boy who is always bullied and how an "alien dog helps him overcome the bullies--is the dog real?/imaginary?--We never really find out which adds to the magic of the film..
 Youngsters will get a real kick out of "CJ7, a delightful sci-fi comedy from China that should satisfy any child's requirements for a wish-fulfillment fantasy.  Dicky is a grade school boy who lives in an abandoned, dilapidated and roach-infested building with his father, an uneducated laborer who works construction jobs during the day so he can afford to send his boy to a posh private school, and then scavenges the local dumpsites for throw-away items (worn-out shoes, a busted fan) at night.  Due to his low class upbringing and background, as reflected in his unkempt mien and disheveled appearance, Dicky has become a constant target of bullying and ridicule at school - until, that is, he comes into possession of a mysterious "toy, or possibly an alien from outer space, that gives the lad the ability to perform feats of astonishing physical and mental dexterity, to the great amazement and amusement of his fellow students.  Yet, could this little creature (whom Dicky dubs CJ7, after a similar toy made here on earth) wind up causing the boy more trouble than it saves him in the long run?  Although the sci-fi aspects can become a bit cutesy and cheesy at times, the real strength of the film lies in its beautifully observed relationship between a down-on-his-luck father who's doing all he can to instill the values of hard work and honesty into his boy, and a son who'd rather spend his time devising ways to get out of doing his schoolwork so he can spend all his time playing with his new-found friend from outer space.  It's that father/son relationship that keeps the story grounded in reality and that gives plausibility and weight to the more fantastical elements of the tale.  Xu Jiao (who is actually a girl in real life) and Stephen Chow (who also co-wrote and directed the film) are utterly charming, winning and appealing as Dicky and his dad, respectively, and they are matched by a whole host of wonderful supporting players, both of the full-sized and the pint-sized variety.  Like all good stories aimed at kids, "CJ7 is just chock-full of rock-solid values like tolerance, acceptance, discipline and hard work, yet it never feels the need to preach or talk down to its audience.  Instead, the values filter their way through a well-told story - which, of course, is as it should be.  Sentimental in the best sense of that term - with a hint of "The Kid here, a touch of "E.T. there - "CJ7 provides near-perfect entertainment for the young, as well as those still young enough to remember what it was like to be young.
 Cute little subtitled foreign film that the whole family will get a good laugh and a cry from before the bright ending. A coolie construction worker finds an unusual toy ball at the dump and brings it home to placate his son for not getting him a CJ1 robotic dog. It turns out it is much more than a ball and although all his dreams don't come true, he learns a valuable lesson about getting along with others. The cute little alien should enchant children and adults in this often comical look at a Chinese boys life at a prep school. Good quality DVD with a few extras and fair replayability. If you enjoyed this catch <a href="http
 I purchased this with only having seen the trailer.  Having seen Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle I had no hesitation in buying this.  This movie has the same theme running through like his previous movies someone poor just trying to get by. In this case a father just trying to all he can for his son by sending him to a private school while living in an abandoned building, and scraping by. UFO sightings start to appear in his area, but seem like a hoax. While rummaging through a waste dump looking for shoes or anything useful he finds a strange ball, which he presents his son. The ball turns out to be more than what he expected and will change their life.  Do not expect to see as much crazy cgi visuals as in the previous movies, they are there but not nearly as much. This is more of a story about a father and his son, how they love each other, fight over his school work and the father wanting only the best for his son.  It has some great moments and well worth purchasing.
 This is unlike his other movies but viewing it in the proper context makes it still o.k. After all it is highlighting the misery of poverty and prejudice. Parts of it made me cry but over all it made me laugh. Also its something the entire family can view together.
 If I could sum up this movie in one word, it would be "wow". I just finished watching "Bereavement and I will rate this amongst my top horror movies of all time. From a filming aspect, I have to also agree with other reviewers that the cinematography is fantastic. I was impressed with that right from the start of the film. In terms of horror movies, this is a gem to the genre. I didn't see "Malevolence so I didn't know what to expect in this prequel. Will there be any survivors? You'll have to watch to find out. The mark of a good horror film is to make the audience care about the characters so that you feel terror if their safety is threatened. This film succeeds with that. This film isn't just about blood and guts all over the floor so if you're getting this because you want some sadistic torture copycat like the "Saw franchise, you'll be disappointed. Another reviewer wrote that they felt there wasn't enough background story to the serial killer. I disagree with that. The actor portraying the serial killer actually made me feel a little sorry for the character. He was clearly psychotic and out of his mind. He didn't seem to take joy from killing people. It was something he felt he "had to do. We the audience don't learn about this man's own childhood or how he ended up committing these horrible murders. Its a mystery but that adds to the allure of the film. Another complaint someone had is why did this new girl Allison all of a sudden was the only person in town who found the missing boy in the abandoned rundown shack after 5 years? Thats not so far fetched. If you think about your own town, how many times do you drive past an old house or building and never even give it a second look? Allison was brand new and had a fresh pair of eyes as she looked around her new surroundings. Thats why she was able to pay attention to what others ignored over the years. I will say that I agree that it seemed odd that the killer was killing locals and yet no one seemed to notice or maybe the sheriff's office is just that inadequate. That was really the only flaw of the story. Otherwise, this movie is definitely 4 out of 5 stars. Great job to all that created this film!
 A young boy is taken from his home by a madman and is forced to watch and even partake in violent crimes. This movie is for those of you who like your heart pumping and aren't looking for two hours of serenity for your evening. You could say that scenes in this movie are more distrubing than scary, but that is what gives this movie its luster. Not your typical Hollywood ending I might add.
 BEREAVEMENT  {The state of being deprived of something or someone 
 Bereavement is the prequel to Malevolence. I have been waiting a long time for this to come out and wasn't disappointed. It was beautifully shot and the lighting was great.The acting was above par ,Alexandra Daddario is not only beautiful but an amazing actress and Michael Biehn has long been a favorite actor of mine since his debut in the 1981 slasher film "The Fan". It wasn't over the top gory but it was quite bloody and there were a couple of scenes that will leave a gore hound like myself satisfied. If you saw Malevolence you will know exactly whats going on and even if you didn't see it, it won't take long to figure it out.It has a rich look to it not that cheap or low budget feel . There were many scenes that might have gone somewhat unnoticed or the importance overlooked that dealt with loss,loss being a huge part of the story in all area's.The last scene with John Savage was a very powerful scene and an important one as well.It's rare that a film is heart tugging yet filled with such real horror as well.The thing that's so scary about this is there really are people that are as mentally unstable as Graham Sutter but you might never know unless you could look into his mind.Bereavement leads us to no other conclusion except 'nurture over nature' when it comes to raising Children.
 Slasher films are a genre of their own, part horror film, part psychological drama, and all blood. These films are produced fast and heavy. With so many of them, you end up watching a blatant snuff film, or gore fest. Mena's film BEREAVEMENT transcends this pitfall, by providing believable, humanizing elements to the characters. It helps build the horror, when the audience can identify, or sympathize with the film's victums and heros. Interspliced with the shocking slaughter scenes, the film's central plot builds slowly to a finish that, unlike most of these types of films, you DO NOT see coming. (And expect no spoilers here.) Actually, the grand finale is so gruesome and creepy, I felt truly shocked, since the film subtlely works from the first moments, to bring you into sympathy with the kidnapped child, whom I thought would be saved. The psychological motives of the villian were sympathetically spelled out, thru flashbacks, and the disgusting, sad world he inhabited all his life. Most of these films dont, or cant, accomplish that--giving you humanizing connections to ALL the characters, good and evil.  The writer/director/producer/editor/music composer, Stevan Mena, by carrying all the reigns, is able to transmit his singular vision of a boring backwater town out near Pittsburg, where a panel truck, or an abandoned factory, or even the huge ominous looking electrial towers (which symbolically reinforce the nightmarish creepiness of the scarecrows made from steer skulls), become secondary characters in their own right. Even giving the child a disease which doesnt allow the perception of physical pain, a real disease by the way, makes an interesting symbolic motif for the disease of the psychopathic, where feeling emotional pain of others is absent. (And of course leads to the events of the film.) I enjoyed that symbolic level the film was operating upon. Altho its not an art film by any stretch of the imagination, its solid. The characters seem believable within the context of the plot. Even tho there is this realistic, rural setting for the film's heros to operate within, this realism breaks down within the surreal, hellish world of the severly disturbed Muller the Butcher. The film's major plot hole, was how SO MANY MURDERS of young women in a rural community, would not invite a massive legal investigation. Muller's trophy notebook with clippings from a newspaper of the various murders/abductions, makes a weak attempt at addressing the community's awareness of the abductions. Still, this lack of any detectives in the mix, remains an obvious plot flaw. Then again, in any slasher film, if you put to much logic into the equation, the film loses its focus, ie, the bloodsoaked world of the psychopathic murderer. Mena does attempt to show the bizarre, freaky inner world of the slasher, with odd strobe lighting, and a strange color pallete with the lighting inside the slaughterhouse. Inside that tortured and torturing enviorment, the whole nightmare realm of bloody death grows more powerful thruout the film, until its surprisingly brutal ending. Personally, this is more of a 3 and a half star film for me. Usually I see most slasher films as 1 or 2 star films, but this movie has plot, interesting characters portrayed by good actors, and clever symbolic devices to connect the realm of normal humanity with the abnormal realm of the psychopath. Since the film isnt dumbed down into a second hand clone of your average teen horror film, I found it enjoyable for what it was. And you most likely will too, if this is your cup of tea.
 As a prequel it surpasses its predecessor in many ways and builds upon a well-conceived idea from a director who shows much promise in the horror genre. You can see his biggest influences and that is by no means a bad thing! This movie is this generations 'Halloween'!
 You come to care for Allison and her family because so much time is spent showing their lives and the way they relate to each other, so what happens leaves you hoping for a happy ending for them.  Well, I'm not going to go into all that, so I'll tell you other reasons to see this movie.  Yes, the cinemetography is very good, but what is really the compelling thing about this film is the psycholgical gameplay that goes on between the killer and his young, unwilling appretice, Martin, whom he has snatched from his home.  Whoever said we don't know anything about the killer's background is wrong.  He doesn't enjoy the killing, which is obvious by his frenzied ravings to the bull's head that is obviously a stand-in for his father.  We can deduct that his father had conditioned him until he cracked and now he's carrying on in his place.  Since he is a loner, he has snatched the boy after studying him and discovering he cannot physically feel, speak, and maybe not even feel internally.  But he must, because he tries to help a few girls escape and he is fearful of his mentor/tormentor.  The dynamic between the two of them is compelling.  I liked the character Allison, especially when she takes compassion on Martin a few times and tries to help him.  You can't help feeling sorry for him, especially since his mentor is trying to break him down like his own father apparently did.  The process with which things take a turn for the worse is compelling to see, and a must if you like movies that involve that mindset.  True, this movie is disturbing and gory, so I must agree with another reviewer here by asking what sort of parents would let their children be involved in a movie like this?  I wouldn't, but it's not my call.  Other than that, Bereavement is a very well-done movie, and a must-see if you like pictures that also make you feel for the good guys as well as the predators.  Warning, though; much like Eden Lake, it will haunt you for quite a while.
 Bereavement begins in the winter of 1989 in the small town of Minersville, Pennsylvania where a six-year-old boy called Martin is kidnapped by a serial killer named Graham Sutter.  This terrible act has two aspects about it which matter a lot to the overall premise of the movie
 Bereavement is a horror film that seems to be a combination of "Frailty meets "Psycho with a twist of "Texas Chain Saw Massacre". This movie starts out with the dark stranger trolling the neighborhood for children when he abducts young Martin Bristol. We soon find out the stranger is a serial killer that loves to butcher and murder young women because he is being driven or possessed by the ghost of his late father.  The child has an illness that thankful causes him to feel no pain. While the serial killer continues his reign of terror over the years the young boy stands by in terror to witness these horrific crimes. Allison is a young woman who has recently lost both of her parents and she comes to the small town to stay with her uncle and his family. While Allison is exploring the new town she meets a handsome young man named William. Allison is trying to get use to everything and she soon becomes intrigued by the empty slaughter house she jogs by and wonders who is the young boy she keeps seeing in the window.  This movie has a great plot that quickly draws you in but the delivery gets lost along the way somewhere. I think that the ending leaves a lot to be desired so I was happy when I found out this movie was a prequel to Malevolence and I can't wait to watch that to see how it all ties in. Good job Steven Mena, I think with a slightly bigger budget this could become a really successful franchise.
 This is a prequel to writer/director Stevan Mena's earlier slasher film "Malevolence. Here Mena attempts to go behind the urge to kill in order to explain how a maniac's psychology is forged. This maniac follows in the tradition of Michael Myers, Jason, and other serialized killers, in most respects, especially in the sense that he is "pure evil.  I'm not sure the psychological explanation is convincing. We get something of a muddle of motive. However the main point, that by living in an atmosphere of unremitting violence, one will become imbued with it and inured to committing it - might have some validity. Attempts at analysis aside though, this is an effective thriller, largely because of its skillful photography.  Here the killer resides in an eerie, closed abattoir that itself becomes a main character in the movie. The place is replete with suspension hooks, conveyors, and an incinerator once used to process pigs and cattle. The place continues to loom over the agricultural Pennsylvania landscape where the action is set.  The rusty truck that the killer drives out in when he hunts for human prey is another prime character in the movie. It glides over a rise in the road behind the next likely victim, like Jaws cruising the waters.  The film also has an unusual arc. It doesn't necessarily proceed according to slasher film formulas when it comes to who falls prey.  There is a fair amount of blood splatter here, but Mena toned down the gore in favor of more indirect chills in a number of scenes.  The DVD includes a director's commentary, found hidden away in the "Set-Up section of the Menu. (I wonder how many commentaries I've missed by not looking for them under "Set-Up instead of in the more obvious "Extras or "Bonus Features.") There are also some other Special Features worth watching - some behind-the-scenes insights into how the actors worked and played on the set.  Overall, this film portrays a frightening, violent dementia that had me hooked from the start.
 This movie has a lot of elements you'd find in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies on a lower budget.. The picture/sound/music was quite nice and appropriate for this type of movie. The main character, Allisson had a tendency to never wear a bra, thus, this kept you glued to the screen the whole time to see what happens next in the movie.. Acting was good for the most part, particularly in her case. Micheal Biehn fell a little flat in my opinion but played a solidly.  Overall, this is definitely one to watch if your a slasher movie fan, but dont expect much in the way of a storyline nor any special twists.
 There is a refreshing and quite capable hand at work behind the story and camera in Bereavement, the follow up prequel to the surprisingly effective Malevolence.  The period that is evoked of the late 80s is done so without an ounce of music or forced nostalgia just an eye for detail and set direction.  The story that is told is effective and grounded thanks to a lack of unnecessary plot twists and crisp editing and acting.  It had been awhile since I had watched Malevolence but in a way this is more of a remake with better production values than a straight up prequel as the first movie touches on the same story arc in many places.  I am going to assume this was made on a fairly small budget by up and coming Mena and credit goes to his crew and cast for turning in a chilling and engrossing take on a not entirely fresh story.  The soundtrack and cinematography lend this film a mildly surreal air that I would have liked to have stretched further, however if you like an engrossing and harrowing film with believable characters and a little gore then look no further.
 It's hard to mark down a film that pretty much succeeds in what it aims to do. It's even harder when the production values are obviously very high. The film explores the mental illness behind the Adult serial killer ( Sutter), and also how this spawned the even more higher octane young boy ( played by Spencer List) who has a mental disease that does not allow him to feel pain; so, he can't empathize with the victim's pain, therefore he does not know what you feel. Well, we discover why the Killer Sutter does what he does, but why does the young Boy start to kill? Sutter's demons are explained as being ALL in his mind, in essence a psychological explanation in what is basically a modified slasher film that attempt's to explain why the killer kill's and why his "demon's are not real.   The sympathy for the key characters takes almost a full hour to be generated. The exposition on screen as to how someone loses empathy with people is covered at about the 46 minute mark. Overall, I would have been happier if the demon's were depicted as supernatural elements, rather than a product of the Killer's mind. In an attempt to get the audience to sympathize with the Killers POV, it loses what I think is a large part of the entertainment value. Calling this the "new Gold Standard in the Psycho Killer genre is a disappointment. If I go to the cinema, or watch a DVD, I really don't expect a film that at times borders on a documentary. The  twists and turns in the script, are very good, however, I do prefer the surreal. There is too much of the "real in the "reel now-a-days. But, as dramatically well executed as this film is, the kills are not unique, not original, and very toned down for either budget or editorial reasons; since it is a R certificate, I can only wonder why the kills were done the way they were done, especially in this movie, and especially in this genre( the deleted scenes show some significant omissions that only make sense in one case). Also, as much as the gags were done on the practical, they still did some roto-scope or CGI work to remove some elements. Anyone who has seen the extreme characters in Criminal Minds, and to a lesser extent in NCIS, will recognize the character who feels no pain, but to explore this from the Killer's POV without a Surreal and hence entertaining foil ( I expect a film to take me outside of the real, not deeply into it) is just a cheat and a rationalization of the way real life killers are. Hence, this is a higher grade of Slasher with  very good actors, but it skimps on the kills ( which would have been fine with a surreal conceit in the tone).
 Bereavement is a prequel to the painfully average slasher flick Malevolence that improves immeasurably on that predictable and formulaic film and instead follows in the footsteps of the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre while adding in deeper character work and psychological themes to create one of the better modern serial killer films.  Horror fans will not want to miss this one as it is indeed a truly nasty piece of work.  That said, there are plenty of more unrelentingly brutal, gory, and disturbing underground horror flicks out there, but this is one that takes the time to work on a storytelling and character level in addition to making you squirm and question the existence of a loving God.  Bereavement opens up with a nightmare right off the top.  A young boy with a condition that makes him unable to feel pain is abducted by a man driving a vehicle so creepy it should have "rape-mobile painted on the side in blood.  The man is a deranged serial killer working out of his family's abandoned slaughterhouse and seems to take the child's immunity to pain as a sign of divine purity and begins raising him as his successor.  So right away, you can see this won't be a film you'll want to watch on family night.  From there, the narrative splits into sections, expertly following the stories of a young waitress about to have a bad week, the boy and his new surrogate parent, and a city girl moving out to the country to live with her aunt and uncle following the death of her parents.  The stories will converge and you ask yourself once again
 Bereavement is a prequel to 2005's Malevolence, one of the better slasher movies of the last decade. While it isn't as good as Malevolence, Bereavement is a worthwhile movie. It has a good cast, that includes Michael Biehn (Aliens, The Terminator), some decent gore, and an interesting storyline. What it lacks is the fun slasher vibe of Malevolence. Malevolence paid homage to some of the slasher greats, such as Halloween and Friday the 13th Part 2, while Bereavement seems to be riding on the Torture Porn wave. There are numerous scenes of women chained up and screaming, and that really didn't sit well with me. The movie redeems itself later on, though, with some cool slice and dice moments. The body count really improves in the second half. And since this a slasher movie, that means the movie really improves in the second half, leading to a satisfactory conclusion that is creepy, if not surprising.
 I don't know if I like this movie or not? It is done slowly. The story behind it is too depressing because it is way too likely to happen. I could see everything in this story happening in real life.I thought that the plot of the movie was interesting and they really gave you the look inside the mind of a madman. Abducting a child that has no sense of feeling went well with the movie because the killer kept the child around because he could no feel anything and the killer had no feelings. The end of the movie was a little predictable to me but a good ending overall. The blood and gore was pretty good in the film and typical of a slasher/torture flick. If you are into horror movies I would give this a watch because you will more than likely end up enjoying it,but somehow didn't hold your attention much like it should.B
 17 year old Allison comes to live with her uncle in rural Pennsylvania after the deaths of her parents. She finds that her world has been turned upside down in a blink of an eye by some stranger who stole everything from her and now she is forced to give up everything that she has known and come to a new place and become a part of a new family. As she jogs around her new home she meets William, the good-looking but troubled youth who lives down the road, and sees a strange boy in the windows of the old closed down slaughter house. Unknown to her at this time, this story started long before Allison came to Pennsylvania.  The other story and main character within this movie is Graham, a loner in this small town who has some dark secrets.  A huge factor within this movie is the physiological state of Graham's mind and what he sees in the world around him. You can take it many different ways, as in multiple personalities because of the shadows that only he can see and the way his mood changes, or if in fact he really is taking to his dead father or a demon. Graham's story hints around that his own father abused him and taught him everything that he needed to know about slaughtering animals in their family slaughter house. Graham takes his knowledge and his own need on young women who he finds and then murders in his old family business. When the work is too much for him, or maybe he really just wanted someone to clean up after himself Graham abducts a small boy from another town in hopes of making him just like him. The only difference is that the boy, Martin, has a medical disease that he can't feel any type of pain which might be looked as a blessing to this serial killer.  As these two different stories combine into each other, Allison is left fighting not only for her own life but for the lives of her new family. As we travel deeper into the sick mind of a killer many secrets are reveled about the nature of why the killings take place. Graham's haunting words of "If they have no feelings, they have no fear; but if they have no fear, why do they run? are repeated many times but it not until the end when his words finally make sense to himself.  But will Allison be able to save herself and her family? Will Martin ever escape from Graham?  Not to spoil the ending, and for those who have not seen Malevolence, I will leave it up to you to see Bereavement yourselves. The actors did a wonderful job and I have to give applause to Spencer List, who plays Martin, for his outstanding and haunting performance that gave me chills that lasted long after the movie was over. Bereavement is a slasher movie at its best, not for the weak stomach, but doesn't contain an over amount of gore (just what you would expect when slashing someone up) but just enough for this horror movie loving girl to get her fix.
 Six-year-old Martin Bristol is the victim of a random kidnapping.  Held prisoner in an abandoned, isolated slaughterhouse, he is forced to watch the psychopathic Graham Sutter (Brett Rickaby of "The Crazies") butcher innocent women as though they were cattle.  Five years later, an orphaned teenager, Allison (Alexandra Daddario of "Percy Jackson & The Olympians"), comes to live with her uncle, Jonathan Miller (Michael Biehn of "The Terminator").  Jogging by the Sutter slaughterhouse, she glimpses Martin peering out of a window.  One day, while investigating the slaughterhouse, she is captured by Graham Sutter and a horrendous nightmare of events soon follows.    Stevan Mena's "Bereavement is a prequel to the slasher film "Malevolence, which was released in 2004 and has obtained a cult following.  Also written, produced and directed by Mena,  "Malevolence is a low budget film that chronicles what happens to a group of bank robbers who encounter a malevolent, Jason Voorhees-like serial killer, Martin Bristol.  Anyone who enters his domain dies.  Cursed with a rare neurological disorder that prevents him from feeling pain, he is a super serial killer.  Unfortunately, "Malevolence has the look and feel of a homemade film.  The acting is amateurish, the plot is predictable and the scares few.  It is mediocre slasher fare that had a lot of potential but the proper funding was not there.    The potential became reality with "Bereavement thanks to a higher budget, professional acting and innumerable shocks and twists that made the film extremely suspenseful, especially during the last fifteen minutes.  As with many horror films, the audio commentary and "making of featurettes for "Bereavement are not only interesting and enjoyable, but educational.  All the extra features are essential viewing.  I was better able to understand the extent of Graham Sutter's psychosis.  When he was a child, he was abused by his father, which resulted in him becoming a serial killer.  Every man desires to pass his "special talents on to his son.  Thus we have the kidnapping of Martin.  Whereas "Malevolence was strictly slasher horror, "Bereavement, as explained by Stevan Mena, is psychological horror.  He desired to emphasis the affects of a murder/death on an entire family.  Indeed, every character in the cast had experienced the death of a family member.    Interestingly enough, Mena tells his viewers that he actually lived near an infamous serial killer on Long Island.  This greatly influenced "Malevolence.  The genuine horror is when the viewer learns that the events in "Bereavement are quite plausible.  Thousands of children, and adults, disappear every year.  What happens to these people?  Also, while traveling from my hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee to Chesapeake, Virginia, I encounter a lot of rural countryside where I see many dilapidated, decaying structures similar to the Sutter slaughterhouse.  Who is living in them and what are they doing?  Conceivably, a serial killer could be living next door to you without your knowledge.    "Bereavement reminded me of such ground-breaking classics as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, "Deranged and "Three on a Meathook, which are all based on the infamous, true-life serial killer Ed Gein.  The parental abuse of Graham Sutter, and the subsequent hallucinations which he experiences, is supposedly influenced by the character of Norman Bates in "Psycho.  Due to its graphic, gory, tortuous content, "Bereavement is not intended for the timid and faint of heart.  However, I highly recommend it for fans of slasher films, especially the aforementioned classics.    If you've already seen "Malevolence, then you can easily ascertain how "Bereavement will end.  However, if you haven't, you are destined for a genuine treat. I recommend watching "Bereavement first and then renting or buying an inexpensive copy of "Malevolence, which is exactly what I did.  (Many of the same on-location sets were used in both films and the continuity is good considering the films were released at least six years apart.)  According to Stevan Mena, there are plans for a third installment depicting the final outcome of the grown Martin Bristol. I will definitely be adding that one to my slasher flick collection.  Joseph B. Hoyos
 The cinematography was amazingly good in this movie.  I didn't expect such great close ups and wide angle shots from an Indie horror movie.  The only exception was the 'in car' shots, which really could have been better and detracted a lot from the camerawork, which was otherwise just excellent.  The above poster pretty much gave a run down of the movie, so I won't repeat the plot aspects, other to say that the story was good, but the fine details got a bit thin in places - for instance - I've never known a long distance runner to wear that many clothes for a long run, and yet forget to leave her sports bra at home.  We took to calling our main protagonist "Ms. Bouncy.  One of her HIGHSCHOOL classes, we are led to believe, is talking about psychoanalytic theory.  It just happens to pertain to the story, but of course she isn't paying attention. Ok, but what makes it a really crappy detail, is besides all that wonkiness, it just doesn't matter anyway. Just little details and cliches like that detract from the movie here and there.  And what about all the missing people that no one ever seems to be looking for?  Yep, if I were the killer I'd feel pretty confident in this town too.  The violence and gore deliver very well, and the art crew gives us a creepy, dirty atmosphere that is so realistic that you can almost smell rusty blood. I think one of the weirdest emotions this movie jerked out of me was the intense desire to go wash and sharpen that man's knives. It doesn't rely on music tricks to jerk a scare out of you, but you get a few of those anyway.  The score is complimentary to the atmosphere and suspense without getting in the way or being too obvious, at least 95% of the time.  The story didn't stay with any of us.  It didn't make us 'think' or speculate or talk about it much afterwards.  It was just a good splatter flick, sorta like Hostel meets Chainsaw Massacre meets a bit of Frailty, which is a movie that REALLY delivers on this theme, if it is story and not violence and gore you're in it for.  If it is screams and blood you want, you've got the right flick.
 After watching the first movie "Why Did I Get Married", I really wanted to see where they go from here, have the characters resolved the issues or at the least learnt to deal with them. What about forgiveness - no marriage can survive unless the partners learn to forgive each other for their mistakes and move on. And what about trust, can we truly trust those in our lives and know that no matter what we can depend on them and trust them to be true to us?  I enjoyed watching this movie, I have to say the outcome was completely not what I expected, but it was good to see them deal with issues that brought them to where they are. Issues that can bring healing and closure!
 I just watched it with my wife and as usual it sparked a discussion with her. Tyler's movies tend to elicit lots of conversation and discussion. Lol. Would recommend to anyone who's watched the first one.
 Despite all the negative feedback I heard from the media and friends about this movie, I decided to rent it from the RedBox to see for myself.  I absolutely LOVED it and watched it like 4 times over the course of 2 days...LOL!  I thought the acting, storyline, cast and set were perfectly matched to make a great film!!  Many thought it was over the top drama but I found the dramatic elements to be very realistic and take away from the typical fairy tale usually shown in couples movies.  GREAT JOB Tyler PERRY!!!
 This is a good movie, even though I did not like to way the movie ended.  I really liked Tyler Perry's first one better; Why Did I Get Married?
 This was a sequel worth watching.  The characters were built upon, as well as the added value of drama and life lessons to be learned by all.  It's always a plus when the women are "easy on the eyes".
 I must admit, I'm not crazy about the ending of the movie. However, overall the movie is absolutely excellent. True events that ppl go thru everyday in their marriage and the story line was absolutely brilliant.  I still like the 1st one better just b/c it was the original  Tyler Perry can make a movie of monkeys and donkeys playing in a field together (Laughing at my own self)  and I'm still going to support it.  The man is genius
 I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE BUT I STILL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE TITLE. THE WORD "TOO MEANS ALSO. I KNOW AN EDUCATED MAN LIKE TYLER PERRY WOULD KNOW THAT. MAYBE HE SHOULD HAVE USED A WORD LIKE "ANYWAY". YEAH, THAT'S IT, "WHY DID I GET MARRIED, ANYWAY? ALSO, I AM JUST NOT HAPPY THE WAY PATRICIA JUST WENT BERSERK. FIRST SHE SIMPLY ANNOUNCED HER PENDING DIVORCE TO ALL OF THE COUPLES WITHOUT EVEN AS MUCH AS A DISCUSSION WITH GAVIN, LEAVING HIM SPEECHLESS. THEN SHE FLIPPED COMPLETELY OUT WHEN HE REQUESTED THAT THE MONEY FROM THE SALES OF HER BOOK BE SPLIT WITH HIM. AND HOW ABOUT WHEN SHE GOES TO HIS OFFICE WITH THE CAKE AND THE TRANSVESTITE INSIDE. TO TOP IT ALL OFF IN GAVIN'S ATTEMPT TO GET AWAY FROM THE ONCE STABLE AND TOGETHER PATRICIA HE GETS INTO HIS VEHICLE, SPEEDS AWAY AND GETS STRUCK BY AN ONCOMING TRUCK. NO! NO! NO! I AM NOT HAPPY AT THE WAY THIS MOVIE ENDED AT ALL. AND I FELT SOME OF THE STORYLINES WERE UNFINISHED. DID THE SITUATION WITH DIANE'S EMOTIONAL AFFAIR WITH SOMEONE NAME PHIL GET RESOLVED. AND HOW ABOUT MICHAEL? SHEILA WAS TAKING CARE OF HIM BECAUSE HE HAS CANCER. THAT WAS LEFT UNFINISHED TOO. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TRULY SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE, EXCEPT IT IS GOOD AND VERY WATCHABLE. BUT THE TITLE AND THE STORYLINES COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THOUGHT OUT. I GAVE THIS MOVE 4 STARS BECAUSE TYLER PERRY IS A GOOD STORYTELLER WITHOUT ALL OF THE UNNECESSARY PROFANITY AND SEXUAL SITUATIONS.
 Yet another Tyler Perry movie
 Let me 1st start by saying, people really need to stop comparing the 1st movie to the sequel.  They are not alike in anyway, and thats the way it should be.  The sequel is three years later with a new couple/new baby, an ex-husband and new circumstances for each couple.  The only real similarities are the problems that existed for some are still there, but thats it.  Overall it was a good movie. As much as I like Tasha Smith in the 1st one, she really irritated me in this one.  I could have done without her in many scenes, and much of her scenes were for comic relief, it was over the top this time around.  I really liked Sheila's character this time around as well.  She is definitely more sure of herself, happy being in the place she is in now.  Janet, WOW!!! she really came strong in this,  Two thumbs up for her, and I hope she continues with acting.  I also agree with another reviewer about Sheila's husband not being able to find a job as a Cop. Tyler could have done better research on this one, and just gave the man a job, and made his new job more demanding, with long hours, away from his new family, the focus of their issues.  Not being able to find a job as a cop, was just unrealistic.  I always thought Janet and Gavin's relationship was more show/fluff and there was something hiding under the surface, but I will not spoil it and leave it at that.  Adding the older couple, (Louis Gossett Jr and Cicely Tyson) was brilliant.  They were great together, and told an amazing story of how they met and married!!!  If there is going to be a 3rd movie, (the ending makes you think it will be), I would love to see how Sheila and her husbands relationship progresses.  Overall it was a good movie, and I plan to buy the DVD.
 I enjoyed this movie. It was definitely an improvement from the movie version of "I Can Do Bad All By Myself", however I did feel somewhat disappointed when I left the theatre.  There were two things I didn't like about the movie. The first one is Troy's storyline (Sheila's husband) about being unemployed was too similar to the Lem character in "Soul Food and the second thing I didn't like was the ending.  I don't want to give the movie away for those of you who haven't seen it yet, so I'll just say the wrong character was chosen for that particular scene. Maybe after you've seen it, you'll agree. Maybe, you won't but I've dealt with something similar and it takes a lot longer than a year to bounce back from that.  I do know that all movies don't have a happy ending but that whole scene should have been re-written so that the movie could have ended on a high note.  Overall, it was a very entertaining movie and I enjoyed it. I just didn't like the ending, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Also, Janet Jackson acted her heiny off. She has definitely come a long way from "Poetic Justice. All of them did a great job acting but Janet was the centerpiece. Hats off to you, Janet!  Keep up the good work, Tyler! Still a fan and still in your corner.
 Great movie and was just as enjoyable as the first. I think that the acting and the story was great. The cast put together to do this movie was outstanding
 This movie was both enjoyful and suspenseful.  It kept you on the end of your seats as you were waiting for the conclusion of the movie.  Well written; hats off to Tyler Perry.
 nice to see a moview where the black men are not the source of every conceivable ill black women face.  having said that, perry doesn't do hetero well.  his lines and demeanor are too sensitive.  angela sets the image of black women way back.  unfortunately milder versions of her temperment are ever present among black women in the real world.  too many of the lines between the couples seem to be lifted from a conversation w/ oprah winfrey or maya angelou.  example, jill scott told hubby
 I won't spoil this one for you but if you have seen 'Why Did I get Married?' you have to see this one.  This is the follow up to the first one and it really gives you a sequel that you really don't want to miss.  While I personally enjoy Tyler Perry movies and I do admit that some are better than others. This one is one of the better ones. Oh, and if you haven't seen the first one, please buy it first before you get this one.
 this movie is great it has everything thats real in todays realtionships... any girl would love this movie not only does it have some great eye candy but it also has real issues we go through and real outcomes. i definitely recommend this movie to others even my partner enjoyed watching this.
 I only got to see bits and pieces of this movie until tonight when I was able to watch this film in its entirety; I have to applaud Tyler Perry because he really brought out some issues that face married folks; He also brought out some things that make marriage sweet. My heart went out to Patty and Gavin(Janet Jackson and Malik Yoba)as well as Richard T. Jones(talk about karma) and Brian(Michael Jai White) because to be honest he couldn't catch a break coming or going although Angela kept you laughing here she really did. I loved Cicely Tyson and Louis Gossett Jr's roles as well. They gave hope that somehow life goes on and it is still good. great movie on the institution of marriage but it makes you wonder whether or not it is worth it.
 I was a little worried that Tyler wouldn't be able to pull off a sequel but he did it.  Even though it wasn't as good as the first it was funnier in my opinion.  The storyline was decent carrying over the drama from the first and the ending to me seemed like a quick way to rap it up.  I do not regret buying this movie and I would not mind watching it again.  I saw this one as more of a comedy even though it had it's "sad parts.  I would recommend it if you enjoyed the first.
 I'm not a movie person, and I am someone who tends to watch a movie one time and then, more or less, forget it. I also tend to really dislike watching "black movies, which I will explain more in a second. However, I will not soon forget this movie, and this was neither a waste of my time nor money. I will certainly watch it again. It mixes realism with sensationalism in such a way that what is real about the movie keeps you just as interested as what is there to serve as a "message or to make you react.  Unlike one reviewer, I found this to be one of the rare cases in which the "sequel is superior to the first release. One reason off the top of my head, without giving anything away about the movie
 Bertolucci's 1970 film following the life of a young student of philosophy in Fascist Italy.  Not of great film quality but the film has an excellent screenplay, a clever script, and reasonable acting.  The Conformist follows the life of Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) who was a student of philosophy and who admired his teacher Professor Quadri (Enzo Tarascio) for his standing to principle as exemplified in Plato's 'Republic.'  Marcello's dreams are shattered however when his teacher chooses to flee to exile in France to oppose Mussolini's fascist regime.  Without any other authority figure to look up to, Marcello becomes a black shirt and is approached by Mussolini's government with a special task
 This is a good transfer of a remarkable movie, HOWEVER, the "Dance of the Blind sequence, which appeared in the restored version I saw in a movie theatre several years ago, has once again gone missing, this time from the DVD. It's an extraordinary scene, only five minutes in length, so the time element could not have been a factor.  Why go to the trouble of cleaning up these movies, and then arbitrarily hack out an important piece? Another nit pick- the cut from the last shot in the film to the title for the clean up team is very abrupt, a couple of seconds of black screen would've been welcome- Criterion, are you listening???  There is a golden opportunity here...
 The subtitles are huge, yellow, and intrusive. My Panasonic DVD player can lower the subtitles to the bottom of the screen and fade them, but they're still intrusive. So, if your DVD player can't do that, you're going to be really annoyed. The film is justly famous, beautiful in style (especially if your stomach allows you to view the murder in the forest as a beautiful scene), but very negative. Trintignant kills his favorite professor and the woman he loves because of something that happened to him long ago. At the end of the movie he learns that the bad thing didn't happen after all and he killed the professor and the woman for no reason. I have trouble with Trintignant's moronic wife, but you might not. Definitely worth seeing.
 Made by Bernado Bertolucci in 1971, it is a study of a young man striving for position in Fascist Italy in the 1930s. The series of events that overwhelm him put him into the position of a willing murderer.
 Though the film has nothing to do with the Pink Panther diamond, the cartoon panther had become synonymous with the comedy series by this point.  Thus the fourth Inspector Clouseau comedy was named THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN.  Though it's a little over-the-top at times - particularly during the end - it's one of the very funniest entries in the series, ranking right behind the original THE PINK PANTHER as far as overall quality.  The plot involves ex-Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) going completely mad and retreating to a European castle, where he kidnaps a brilliant scientist (Robert Vernon) and his daughter (Briony McRoberts) and creates a ray gun which makes objects invisible.  Jacques Clouseau (Peter Sellers), now promoted to the rank of Chief Inspector, sets out to stop Dreyfus, while being pursued by assassins from governments worldwide who want Clouseau dead after Dreyfus makes a demand
 Unlike the other Panther films, which still mix in some of director Blake Edwards' skillful subtle comedy ala  Breakfast at Tiffany's,  this Panther outing is strictly high caliber slapstick. The plot, which is far-fetched, exists simply as a framework to get star Peter Sellers out of one comic situation and into another. This is not a bad thing - some of the funniest comedies are the ones that have the skimpiest storytelling. I've seen all the Panther films many times, and this is the one that I always laugh the loudest at. It's hard not to enjoy Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau and how he unintentionally outwits his former superior Dreyfus (Herbert Lom). The DVD release contains both the widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film (though no real extras)and is a step up from the old VHS release. It's always nice to have this choice on a single disc. I honestly don't know what extras could be included as most of the outtakes were unfortunately recycled in the inferior  Trail of the Pink Panther.  I recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys a slapstick approach to comedy.
 "The Pink Panther Strikes Again", though misnamed (the "Pink Panther plays no part whatever in this installment), is a very funny movie. ... The first two "Panther films had clever, relatively sophisticated plots. In the first one, Peter Sellers was part of an ensemble of stars and was not the sole focus of the story. The second was a transition, with Clouseau emerging as the focus, but with an emphasis on the story still evident. Subsequent efforts were simply vehicles for Sellers' portrayal of Inspector Clouseau. Everything else was secondary. If an Inspector Clouseau film is what you want, then the later films are for you. Personally while I enjoy the later films very much, I like the first two best... Of the later movies, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again is, in my opinion, the best. The plot is completely over the top, but that doesn't really matter. Sellers and Herbert Lom play off each other marvelously, and there are lots of very funny scenes. The opening, with former Chief Inspector Dreyfus ready to be released from a mental hospital, and, later, Clouseau trying single-handedly to break into an old castle, are highlights. This film's predecessor, "The Return... had classic bits, too, of course, but the plot was allowed to become a bit confused. Here, there is no confusion, just Sellers doing his thing. On that basis, it's funny regardless of the plot. For me, this is a strong four stars. It ranks somewhere between "A Shot In The Dark and "The Return Of The Pink Panther". Not a bad place to be. They're all very good, and there are lots of laughs to be had from each. If you are looking strictly for a Sellers vehicle, though, this might be the best one of the bunch for you. Either way, give it a try. You won't regret owning this. It's a comedy classic in its own right.
 Peter Sellers returns in this classic comedy. Dreyfus is more insane than ever! Considering the fact that he just got out of the insane asylum! The fight with Cato and Clouseau is the funniest Clouseau fight I've seen yet!  But there is a few problems, in the near end Dreyfus disappers into thin  air, yet he returns in  Revenge of the Pink Panther,  alive and  well! The movie also drags in the middle, then it picks up again.  If you  forget those parts you'll rate it 5 stars. I also thought the scene with  the President was hilarious. The line he said was,  Call the FBI, the  CIA, and the pentagon! Find out who won the game! 
 Okay, I admit this is one of the funniest of the Panther films, but I swear there have to be some deleted scenes. Newsman Howard K. Smith is given star billing in this film and is credited as playing himself, yet I don't spot him anywhere in the movie. Does this mean there may be another reissue of this film on DVD with even more footage? I can only hope.
 "The Pink Panther Strikes Again is one of the defining moments of my early film going experience.  I saw it when I was thirteen (sat through it twice) at my neighborhood bijou.  I went to my parochial school and during recess related the film's juiciest parts to my male buddies.  I was overheard by a nosy female classmate and she told Mother Superior about my off color remarks.  After getting tongue lashed about my impure thoughts I was sent home(this is punishment?) and told to contemplate and maybe make an act of contrition.  Oh, well.  The movie?  In my mind Peter Sellers is the greatest comic force to ever hit the silver screen.  After a series of box office bombs and ten years after "A Shot in the Dark"(the best in the Clouseau series) Sellers revived the character in "The Return of the Pink Panther in 1975.  That film was a mixed bag but a box office success nonetheless so another entry was inevitable.  In 1976 "Strikes Again came out.  I think this is the second best "Pink Panther film.  It's a mixture of witty verbal gags and over-the-top slapstick.  For the most part it works but there are some misses.  Sellers was incapable of phoning in a performance but to my mind seems a little tired here.  I think that has more to do with the heart attack he had recently suffered than any boredom with the character.  Herbert Lom, however, as Clouseau's nemesis Chief Inspector Dreyfus has never been better.  Lom was usually relegated to supporting roles and director Blake Edwards gives him the opportunity to chew the scenery in royal fashion and he goes for broke here.  Another bonus is the presence of the delectable Lesley-Anne Down as the Russian assassin sent to kill Clouseau but falls in love with him instead.  Down gave good performances in "The Betsey and "The Great Train Robbery later but never achieved the success that her talents merited.  I would recommend this film as a good entry level for those unfamiliar with Sellers' comic genius and then graduate them to "Dr. Strangelove".
 Well, I actually was able to sit through this film until the end. Obviously improbable story line, makes this worth seeing for funny gags, that you can't help laughing at. Almost as a diversion to something like a World War (which Sellers fought in). Includes some lines, about Sellers participation in World War II in the movie. Sellers has a gift to make people laugh probably stemming from his desire to help people after seeing the death and destruction of World War 2 bombings (sic) from his childhood. This makes him most beloved with his comic timing being done quite well overall; wish their were more comedians, but unfortunately he's one of a kind, working as it were obviously not for the money, but for truly trying to help people's hearts in trying time. The movie was not all that great in and of itself, but he's such a one of a kind comedian, it's worth seeing--- again again to the end.
 I love Anna Faris; she's such a... She is so young in this movie, it almost doesn't look like her. Anyway, have fun with parodies of the new genre of scary movies. It's stupid fun.
 This isn't in the same league as Airplane! or Spaceballs. Here, the humor is more crude and . . . well . . . stupider. You won't get much toilet humor here, though. It's more about sex, homosexuality, stupid teenage girls, stoners, and, of course, the horror films of the late 90's. From "Scream to "I Know What You Did Last Summer, It's always nice to see a spoof of these silly teenage horror flicks that give only cheap thrills. And not only that, there's even some "Matrix and "Usual Suspects thrown in. Despite its lack of originality, this is still very funny. So what if it's downright stupid? It's a comedy! It's made to make us all laugh. And MAN, did it make me laugh?  I'm not really into the more recent spoofs (like "Epic Movie and "Dance Flick") that fail in many levels, but the first two "Scary Movie flicks I really enjoyed watching. The first one, in particular, has to be the funniest out of all of them.
 This is my second favorite of all the scary movies in the series. This was when the series wasn't getting boring and repetitive. The scary movie series kind of started a new era when it comes to movie spoofs. I have to say I am a huge scary movie fan but the comedy in this movie is hilarious. They use spoofs from all kinds of movies from scream, Halloween. The movie flowed well and the content well it was a little over the edge that's what made the scary movie series great. The third and fourth one seemed softer and since they knew they were going to get viewers either way I feel they made it softer and PG-13 so more kids could watch it. Overall this is definitely worth a look for one time around. I would even recommend that you pick up the second DVD as well but I would not go buy the third or fourth. A funny movie and something to watch with your friends.
 Guys! if you have seen "Scream and "I know what u did last summer then this movie would be the best ever seen comedy movie for u. I would call it the dangerous comedy movie. It is actually the parody of classic horror movies filled with "high end vulgar comedy by Wayan brothers.
 I erased my initial 3-star review because it wasn't totally fair. I watched this a second and third time, and I tell you, I'm almost ready to give this 5 stars, but I won't. The first time, I couldn't fully appreciate the crass humor, but I realize that it is a classic. But it's still a classic I'm unwilling to give 5 stars.  Along with the Wayans' brand of comedy, comes an unshakeable annoyance at some of their jokes because of their juvenility. Unlike White Chicks, the Wayans show no restraint with their toilet and sexual humor in Scary Movie. Why does every joke have to revolve around sex? Are the Wayans Brothers that sexually obsessed? All in all, it's a funny picture if you can abandon your decent sensibilities for a little while and just have fun. That's what I did, and I'll not hesitate to watch it again and again. Scary Movie is also the funniest in the 4 part series.
 I love this movie.  I laughed through the whole movie. If you haven't watched this movie, then I suggest that you do.  However, DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH.  That is, unless you don't mind them watching 'R' rated movies.  Just remember its rating, so you can know what to expect.
 Whathever, the movie has no plot, which i think is what makes it so funny.The sex stuff is also funny!  The opening scene of the patio of drew barrymore looks just like the one in scream.The movie also makes fun of the blair witch project , i know what you did last summer , scream 2, matrix , and charlie's angels.  There is something that is really funny about Anna Farri's performance. This is great.
 Very funny. I watched it about five years ago so I do not remember a thing, but I remember I loved it and laughed with all my strength. Back then it was on of my favorite movies. I watched it almost every day. The best from the SCARY MOVIE trilogy is the second one, for me. I loved it. One of the best comedy movies ever. If you like strong crude and sexual, gross humor, you will love SCARY MOVIE, specially the second one.  Watch this one. You'll have a time full of laughter and entertainment.
 Scary Movie is a parody of several films; I know What You Did Last Summer, Scream, The Exorcist, even Matrix.  Though not a masterpiece, it is a funny movie, guaranteed to provide more than a just a few laughs.  The casting is very good, and the story very well written.  Overall, it is a movie definitely worth watching, and even though quite silly at times, it will surely put you in a good mood!
 Honestly, I wanted nothing to do with this film coz I can't stand the films it was spoofing.  It's basically doing for  Scream  era slashers(one of the worse subgenres is cinematic history) what  Student Bodies  did for heyday slasher flicks(I suggest seeing that film as well).  I did watch it though coz I was impressed with the way the Wayans brothers spoofed  in the hood  films, and I thought they just might be able to pull it off.  Well,  I found this movie funny-in fact, very funny!  Funnier than I was expecting.  The jokes are all hit and miss like a Zucker Brothers film, but the good ones are very good.  Believe it or not, it actually takes some intelligence to come up with such stupid jokes.  There are certainly those who hate it for it's crudeness, but what do you expect when you're dealing with the Wayans brothers?  I admire the fact that they don't wimp out and go the PG-13 route.  My hat goes off to the Wayans brothers-if they continue to make them, I'll continue to watch.
 It's about time slasher movies were poked fun at. They're such an old, abused form of horror.  Scary Movie  is a funny parody of the formula that works well. While much of the humor is sick and vulgar, it doesn't get over-excessive like the awful  Not Another Teen Movie.  We get pot-shots at spooky flicks like  Scream,   I Know What You Did Last Summer,   The Sixth Sense,  as well as jabs at  The Usual Suspects,   Baywatch,  and  Kazaam.  The plot is appropriately ridiculous and the humor is uproariously funny.  Scary Movie  is the best of the recent film parodies.
 This movie was surprisingly better than I expected it would be.  Seeing how those 'Scream' type movies got stale so fast, I figured it wouldn't be that good, but it was better than expected.  The directing was good, the scenes worked quite well, and the actors were all pretty well suited for their roles.  The movie was extremely funny, some of my faves included Cindy's quite 'untypical' father, and the scene at the movie theater.  The movie even contained a shock ending.  And Anna Faris has got to be the hottest actress in the business today.  However, the movie certainly wasn't perfect. My biggest gripe was the overuse of a certain part of the male anatomy. Seeing how the primary audience of this movie would be males, I don't see why they had to include that. However, outside of that, there was pretty much no problems at all.
 SCARY MOVIE is a halarious spoof on all the teenage slasher movies that have come out in the past years. The plot of this film is simple
 Scary Movie turned out what I thought it to be (a halirious movie with people getting killed off in wacky ways and silly parodies of recent horror  movies) and what I didn't think it to be (showing ...ahem... small full  frontal male nudity, and a major major gross scene). The Wayans have  majorly beat the  There's Something About Mary  creators with the  most gross-out jokes ever displayed in a movie. Anyway, Scary Movie was a  good funny movie. The acting, for a parody, was great. And even though it  followed Scream by every scene almost, there were other movies parodied and  mentioned. For example
 Hey, Scary Movie wasn't so much of a scary movie afterall. Instead, it is one helluva roller-coaster parody of the recent box-office hits like Matrix  and the likes of Scream that promises to bring you a ceaseless 1 and 1/2  hour of nauseous, dizzying, raucous laughter. Scary Movie not only spoofs  hits like Sixth Sense and I Know What You Did Last Summer, it also pokes  fun at racism and bimbo-hood, albeit done in the light of humor. To  really enjoy Scary Movie, you'd have to dispose yourself of all reason and  rationale and laugh it all down, with some popcorn and coke of course(just  make sure not to choke on it while guffawing away). The plot may be thin,  but it sure is the one of the funniest movie I have ever seen. Those in  hope of a really frightening premise would be sorely disappointed,  though. In all, Scary Movie is the epitome of parodies and brings sexual  jokes to newer heights of enjoyment. Way to go!
 Scary movie is a fun movie worth a buy or rent. It's a great movie to watch with your friends at a party. It's a spoof off horror movies, mainly I know what you did last summer and Scream. But it also mocks the Blair Witch Project and the Matrix briefly. If you watched Scream and I know what you did last summer, you'll probably enjoy the jokes better. But, the first time I saw it, I hadn't seen either but still found it hilarious. There's not really much more to say besides it's an absolutely hilarious movie that will deliver plenty of nonstop laughter. This movie throughout delivers a constant amount of laughter and afterwards, you'll be telling your friends about the great jokes.
 I was very pleased with this blu-ray transfer. This Blu-ray title looks very good on my 65 Mitsubishi 1080p DLP running off my PS3. It is definitely superior to some of the Paramount and WB catalog titles I have purchased.  I would highly recommend this purchase, especially if you are a fan of this franchise.
 In this day and age I like to watch movies that help me forget about all the problems of the world and just laugh. This is one of them. It truly shows how moronic the slasher films are. Maybe they went a bit excessive on the bathroom humor but that can be overlooked. I rarely stopped laughing from start to finish and now own this movie and have watched it several times. I recommend this movie to lift your spirits when you are feeling down because beleive me, you will laugh.
 I saw SCARY MOVIE in the theaters last summer with my older sister. We laughed, of course - I couldn't stop laughing - but it was more like sick humor. Also, all they were doing throughout the flick was offending other movies and stuff [i.e.
 I really liked this movie. The humour is black and extreme with some really funny scenes. The pace is quick with no slack or bad bits. It cruises along effortlessly with good performances, scripting and acting. It reminds me of just how ridiculous and formularised these horror movies really are. Some of the jokes are really bad taste ( think Me , Myself and Irene) so if you like that sort of stuff this ones for you. It takes a swipe at almost every stereotype, the virgin, the jock, the homosexual, the cheerleader and the ejaculation scene is unexpectadly wild ( as is the dick in the ear scene). Laugh yourself silly.
 OK, my player also showed the FBI warning thing... so, what you do is when you first put the DVD is press 'stop' so the FBI warning doesn't show up and your stop menu does... then push 'play' and voila! oh, my review... VERY funny! a must-see!
 I'm not really one for spofs but this one is great! There are plenty of cool gags and the movie doesn't go on too long or overplay anything which you tend to get in movie these days (Austin Powers!). I love the way they changed the spook's mask for a couple of scenes, especially the  Wazap  one. The film makers had a sense for what is funny and when it should be brought in. I want to see it again!
  Scary Movie  isn't scary at all,but fall on the floor funny(usually),and finally takes the wind out of all those overblown new slasher films to boot.Sure,the jokes are crude,disgusting,juvenile,almost always offensive to somebody,and most importantly,FUNNY.Whenever I've watched this with a group of people,the reactions are always wildly mixed,from people leaving in disgust,to shouts of  dude,play it again! Any film with a reaction like that has got to be worth something.The DVD is definately worth buying because you get scenes that weren't in the film,and,amazingly,are even more extreme!Buy this DVD and show it at your next party or get-together.Then you'll find out who your REAL freinds are!
 Scary Movie Score
 This is a great movie to watch with the guys, and not with your girlfriend. This movie has its moments when it makes fun of The Matrix, Scream, and The 6th Sense, among others. This movie really doesn't have much of a plot, but that's the point. If you watch this, you need to be in a slap happy attitude and it will be much better. It's sexual jokes can either add to your enjoyment, or ruin it completely. As I said, if you're watching this with your friends, it will be much better.  I added another star for all the extras on the DVD. Everyone likes extra stuff, and this DVD has it. It's special features include
 If you want to watch the movie, the only way I recommend seeing it is on DVD.  It has deleted scenes and many extras.  When I first watched this I thought I knew what I was expecting.  I thought that this movie would just be another one of those parody movies that spoof things like The Naked Gun and Airplane, but I was wrong. This movie is one of the most raunchiest movies I have ever seen.  Usually that would be a bad thing, but here it isn't.  The scenes that were nasty (and there are a lot of them) were pivotal in telling the story.  When I saw some of the scenes I thought that they would just be pointless and stupid as they are in many other movies, but these were hilarious. Many people might not understand my title for the review.  Basically it is saying that immature people would not be able to even understand most of the jokes in the movie, but a mature person would find the movie extremely funny and gratifying.  This movie has it all and I as a mature person (I think) recommend it most whole-heartedly
 Scary Movie. What a name huh? Because, unless you are a total whimp, there was nothing scary about this movie. It was however, an outragesly funny movie for the young (12+) at heart. The scenes portray such as Scream (1,2,3), I know..., Blair Witch, and many more. The actors and actresses are also made fun of in this entertaining flick.  Now, this is a movie for teens and adults younger than 40. Some  adults  won't enjoy this. But I know my mother of 39, liked this movie and certainly did get a good laugh out of it! So, if you are in the mood for a  teeny  style flick, you'll like it. Even more so, if you have seen all the  Scary Movies  that they poke fun at.  One warning however, this movie is not for those people who think things should be  proper, and respectible  but for those who absolutely love stupid (George of the Jungle) or wacky sexual pics, you should enjoy it. Not the best review, I know. But hey, It gets the point accross. I liked it, I'm 19 and I think normal people who aren't real bent up about sexuality and stuff, should see it.  Blessings~~~
 All around great time. The only reason I would say don't buy the DVD is because mine has a 17min30sec long FBI warning at the begining and there is no way to get around it. The movie is non-stop laughter. some parts are kinda dumb humor but it's still a great movie. Gunslinger
 Wow... just when I thought nothing more could be done with the sight-gag-laden genre-satire flick, 'Scary Movie' ended up being a pleasant surprise! Although I'm not terribly familiar with the subject matter being parodied (the 'Scream' flicks, 'I Know What You Did Last Summer', etc.), I did manage to bust a gut more than a few times. So, even if you're not all that caught up with those 90s-glamourous-&amp;-fashionable-twentysomethings-playing-glamorous-&amp;-fashionable-suburban-white-bread-teenagers-getting-stalked-and-killed-one-by-one horror flicks, I'm sure you'll be more than entertained!  Also included are a few shots at 'The Matrix', 'Blair Witch', 'The Sixth Sense', and those unbelievably annoying 'Wazzzaappp!' beer commercials. There's the usual visual gags that you've come to expect from the genre, as well as a surprisingly large amount of uncovered male naughty bits for the flick to get a mere R-rating! Um, which is cool if, er, you're into that kinda stuff, that is, ahem. Oh yeah, plenty of cannabis humor as well! Wait'll ya see the aquarium bong! But in my opinion, the best parts involved Doofy, the- um, 'special' brother of one of the unfortunate victims-to-be. His lack of prowess in the grey matter made for some real howlers here! Oh, one more thing
 This is with out a doubt one of the most funny movies out there.  If you do not own this dvd you are either a male over 40 which if you are you probably own an old Clint Eastwood movie or a female over 40 which you probably have Steel Magnolia's.  But if you are young then you should definately own this DVD.  Very, very funny and unforgetable scenes.
 I have to admit it, despite my best efforts. Scary Movie is a hilarious film. Well maybe not hilarious, but very very funny. The first time I was it I couldn't stop laughing, funny joke after funny joke. I mean it was so shocking and over the limit, yet incredibly funny that I couldn't stop laughing. The main problem with "Scary Movie is simply that the second time you watch it, it isn't that funny. Alot of shock value comedy just becomes disgusting.  Overall it is a good, very funny movie, but a) it's only funny if you see Scream, Scream 2, and I Know What You Did Last Summer first and b)after the first veiwing many jokes get old and just plain disgusting. Still a great comedy though.
 Before I start ranting about how funny this movie is, I have to get this off of my chest - Scary Movie is one of the worst movies ever!  By far and away, this is complete trash.  It is just that as another member of society, trash like this is not only acceptable, it is extremely entertaining.  There, I said it!  Scary Movie is awful as a movie, but you will be laughing like a trippin' hyena while you watch this.   Do make sure you know a few quick facts before you buy this though
 You have to decide whether its to new hights, or new lows.  There isn't really a plot to this movie, it basically threads together the plots from  such recent teen horror movies as SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST  SUMMER, but plot doesn't really matter in a spoof movie anyway.  The only  thing that matters is getting laughs, and it probably will as long as you  aren't offended easily.  This movie has an incredible range of things to  offend even the most unoffended people.  Violence, Drug use, Bad language,  Retarded police officers, and even the old death by penis.  This movie is  much funnier too if you have seen Scream recently, because there are lots  of references to it and they will be funnier if you know what they mean.  This movie will almost definately make you laugh if you are a teenager, but  if you don't find violence or nudity funny, then stay away.
 well I wentt o see Scary Movie..... really looking forward to it after watching the commercials and stuff. but not knowing really what to expect. critics were all over the place on this one. Ebert gave it a thumbs up said it was funny. cranky hates these types of movies but enjoyed it.... blah blah blah.... not bad reviews I guess, TIME said it was good too.  so off the SCary Movie.... (Oh yeah saw the trailer for Blair Witch 2... bought chills down my spine). well off to Scary Movie..... right off the bat it's a parody of Scream... nearly exactly the same.... with an extra fart joke here and there. hahaha the movie is gross right in the first  5 minutes .... if that grosses you out, then leave immediately... cuz it gets grosser!!!! the movie is a take on most popular movies, like I know what u did last summer, Urban Legends (I think), Scream 1 &amp; 2, Blair Witch, Matrix and a few other movies which I won't mention. it's just joke after joke.... some work, and some don't....  the movie parodies are great... they are very perfectly timed.... my friend who was sooooo hesitant on watching it, laughed hard (the guy who told me to watch Titan AE, Gone in 60 Seconds.... ugh!)  the gross factor in the movie is UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!! if you thought, something about Mary, Road Trip or American Pie or South Park was gross. this movie is far worse~!!! I won't spoil it.... but the sexual nature of this movie is all over the place!!!! I was grossed out like twice.... which is saying a lot!!!  but all in all, if u like the Scream movies... then you'll like this.... if you can pass the gross factor. I laughed fairly hard since there were a lot of jokes I got since ethey were movie related. but the story was just a Sream parody.
 Relax--accept this movie for what it is
 After the huge success of "Scream and other popular teen horror films, it wasn't too long for Hollywood to create a side-splitting parody of the popular movie genre with the blockbuster comedy "Scary Movie". A group of dim-witted teens (oddly played by actors and actresses in their 20s and 30s) are being murdered by a masked maniac. "Scary Movie is a hysterical gross-out parody that ranks as one of the funniest comedies of 2000. Though I'm not a fan of teen horror movies, there are enough unforgettable and wildly entertaining comic scenes that will keep viewers laughing from start to finish. Director Keenan Ivory Wayans (Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood) has surpassed the Farrelly brothers' unique talent for crude humor with some of the most outrageous comic scenes in years. The comic cast includes Marlon Wayans (Senseless), Shannon Elizabeth (American Pie), Jon Abrahams (The Faculty), Cheri Oteri (SNL), Lochlyn Munro (Dead Man on Campus) and Carmen Electra (Baywatch).  If you're a fan of crude humor and film satire, then pick up a copy of "Scary Movie on DVD. The 2000 smash hit comedy is presented in 2.35
 Too much adult male humor for my taste. It's expected with the Waynes Brothers, but I love the comedy from the "killer Its the best part in my opinion.
 This movie made fun of movies that scared some people but I'm one who would really prefer to laugh...and that is exactly what 'Scary Movie' did for me.  I laughed from about the first thirty seconds until the end and that's not to say that there weren't parts where it lagged, but what movie doesn't(besides the Matrix).  I loved Keneen's little part although Shawn's part was a little unbecoming and I think that Marlon's part could have been a little deeper.  I watched this movie twice and I was going to go back again but I couldn't afford to go three times in one week...and that is my opinion.
 OK, this is probably one of the most vulgar movies out.  It even beats the apple pie scene in American Pie.  But, come on, you have to admit you can't help but laugh.  It was funny.  I really feel this should have been an NC-17 rated movie from the get go, but I'm not in charge of that department.  Don't let your kids watch it, but take a chance, rent it and let your inhibitions fly out the window.  I'm not sure if this is one I'll add to my collection.  But if I do, it'll have a nice place next to my copy of American Pie. BTW, my favorite scene was probably the most disgusting, so I can't describe it.  But I'll never look at chainsaws the same way again.
 Saw the movie in the theater, 2nd time around. Laughed until I cried. A must see, only if you have seen 'Scream' and 'I know what you did last summer'. Most of the scenes are spoofs of the original movies. Anyone not seen those movies may not understand the real humor of this movie. However, I dropped one star because it was a lot cruder than it needed to be. I will definately buy this DVD when it releases, but keep the kids away!
 This movie isn't really a scary movie, but it is a spoof of mainly I know what you did last summer, and scream, it's hillarious, but it has blood,  violence and nudity of male genetailia(ok i miss spelled that), not suited  for anyone one under 17
 ok this film was funny and somewhat clever...it had some great moments and made fun of movies like Scream 2, which I did not expect...but there is  nothing here other than a few laughs...its an ok time passer, but it is  nothing special...some moments are really shocking and attention grabbing  however, especially the scene with the gym teacher(he he) this film is good  for a few, or if you are in a silly mood, many laughs...but these are  laughs that will probably not be there at a second viewing...it was  enjoyable enough for four stars, so i would recommend it to fans of the  recent string of horror movies, as it doesnt really make fun of much  else...
 In most Tom Cruise movies, he is in earnest, with his Julia Roberts smile often carrying the day.  It is to his early films that the viewer must turn to see him enjoying himself.  In COCKTAIL, director Roger Donaldson shows a side to Cruise that seems to have disappeared shortly after the release of this movie.  Cruise is a bartender who hooks up with fellow bartender Bryan Brown in what at first seems to be a buddy movie.  The chemistry between the two is palpable with Brown as the sage guru of alcohol and Cruise as his quick study grasshopper.  Had the movie limited itself to that level, the result almost certainly would have been more of interest with Cruise taking on the George role and Brown as Lenny from OF MICE AND MEN. Enter rich girl Elizabeth Shue as the romantic interest for Cruise.  She tries mightily to generate sparks but she is overshadowed by the male bonding between Brown and Cruise.   What makes this movie sizzle is not the plot, in whose predictability one has seen dozens of times before, but in the dazzling melding of song and surprisingly competent acting by all concerned, especially by Bryan Brown, who shows one happy side to the world but does not permit anyone to see the darker layer underneath.  In a film that is clearly designed to appeal more to a music hungry audience than to a critic who seeks traditional ways to judge a movie, COCKTAIL stands as a vastly entertaining movie that, if you delve beneath the color and noise of a throbbing musical score, you will also see a film that has a few enduring comments about the need of one man to find respect from his peers even if it means that this education comes at at high price.
 It was purchased as a gift. I recieved it on time and in good shape. What I remember from the movie it's a good flick.
 Always liked this movie from 1987..Tom Cruise and Elizabeth Shue are great in this film..Always liked it and a good story!
 A great love story with a happy ending.  I love the way they handle the bottles, such a hard an act to do! Love when they do it together.
 Cocktail was an entertaining movie that probably didn't have some of the commercial success as some of the other better known Tom Cruise movies but it was alot of fun. Great music and a very realistic look into the bar/nightclub scene back in those days. A good date movie and ofcourse Tom Cruise and that  million dollar mugging. Maybe not the strongest storyline in the world and kinda jumps around a bit but still an entertaining hour and a half.
 My boyfriend really wanted to rent this movie, but we could not find it anywhere-- so I went ahead and bought a copy here on amazon. I didn't know what to expect, my boyfriend was a 'flare' bar-tender while in college (he does those amazing stunts while making drinks).  Anyhoo. I can typically figure out the plot, the intended morals of the film- and most all the corporate sponsors of a film in about 15 mins of the start. This one was much more difficult-- it portrayed the way, I am sure many, 20-somethings feel when getting into the 'real world'. What to do with your life, how to get there. The lead character starts down one avenue, the military where we begin the movie. Then he goes to the big city imagining life at the top only to realize he will need some more education to get there. Gets into school, but needed employment. He stumbles into a bar where he learns very quickly the skills of the trade. Sleep deprivation and his own idealism screw him over in college.  So the character still has a goal of getting to the top and creates another idealized plan for getting there without a degree. His partner betrays him as a way to teach him a lesson about love *cruel, but... you'll see* So the hero of the story continues his plan for success alone. Life is great, if not lonely. He meets a girl. *awhhh*  The cruel partner shows up again... but he's a gold digger now! And gets the hero into trouble again... *hearts get broken*  Plot shift again... totally new lifestyle, but the hero remains faithful to his plan of getting to the top (very '80's movie). But more heartbreak, a death and a few fist fights later he learns lessons about money, love and friendship... *cue cheesy music* the things that really matter in life. ---------------------------------- SPOILER ALERT!!!! -- ---- ------ --------  Over all the movie was fine, but if you think deeper than the average movie viewer you will note that they sugar coat the true economic hardships of living in the city as a student; and completely ignore the issue of alcoholism as a disease. You will get annoyed by the fact that the partner of the hero can always manipulate the hero by 'betting' with him. And unplanned pregnancy is completely glossed over as something that happens with no options available to the woman... and the man is not expected to participate-- or even be aware-- of the pregnancy or the child. However because he does want to be in the woman's life he is a hero, and of course just because they spent a few sweaty nights having unprotected sex on a beach they will have a satisfying marriage in the city... regardless of the fact that he is a bartender/owner of a dingy bar, regardless of the fact that this woman was the daughter of multi-millionaires who was disowned because she stayed with the Hero of the story. Not to mention that they are expecting twins... and that she hangs out while pregnant in a smoky bar (but hey it was the '80s).  I realize that I was born in '84, and I don't entirely understand the ethics of the decade-- but there is so much more to being successful in life than being idealistic. However I imagine it did help him that he was attractive, white and male... I would love to see a sequel to this film
 Just a great favorite of mine from a while back.  Always loved Elisabeth Shue!
 I bought this for my wife ( I swear it )I never watched it, but this is one of her favorites. if you like Tom cruise and the 80's type movies you'll like this one.
 It's ridiculous how many times I have come across this movie on a weekend on cable and watched it.  I can never tire of this movie, maybe it's the get rich quick schemes the Charlie is trying to cook up.  I can envy how Charlie can get over a break up and move to Jamaica to bartend on the beach.  This movie is a classic for me.
 I love the Takacs Quartet. They are technically brilliant, and have a good understanding of the music. The violist Roger Tapping is my favorite element of this group. He is an outstanding player as are the others, but he really stands out. These are not the cleanest performances, in terms of intonation and ensemble clarity, but satisfying nonetheless.  What really irked me was their ridiculous pouffy pirate shirt getup. They are very distracting. It really takes some getting used to. Oh well, I guess we all have an inner pirate. Yarrrr. I hope Mr. Tapping didn't leave the group over their choice of costume.
 It wasn't the best movie we've seen, but it had plenty of action and we did enjoy watching it. The movie was entertaining even though you might say some of the action was a little far fetched.
 Movie came as advertised and in a timely fashion, would purchase from seller again. Great movie, definately recommend seeing it and buying it, Fast and Furious movies just keep upping the ante.
 I had actually gone to the movies and viewed the movie there.  The movie seemed a little long at the time and I knew I did not catch everything... That is why I purchased it!  Overall great movie!
 Excellent movie fast paced and worth the watch!  This movie is great for car lovers!  This movie is great for all ages,
 Fun, stupid low-brow movie. Like The Onion joked, this could have been written by a five year old, but it had hot women and cool cars, and stupid-fun chases. Not bad.
 *I am a fan of this type of movie.  I've seen all of the Fast & Furious flicks.  This is the best one so far.  Dwayne Johnson adds a new dimension.  He plays well against the other characters. If you like lots of action, gun fights, car crashes and stunts, then this is your movie
 Loved the first one (The Fast and the Furious), skipped 2 and 3 because, well Vin Diesel wasn't in them........... got #4 (Fast and Furious) so I couldn't pass this one up!! The gangs all here, well most of them anyway (with a little teaser at the end) and Dwayne Johnson is added to the mix. This is just a fun, action adventure move. Don't expect anything to much but it's the same caliber as the first and 4th title. Crazy ridiculous, impossible car stunts, chases, fights, hot guys, hot girls and cool cars!! Enjoy!! Oh, and I don't recommend getting behind the wheel of a car for at least an hour after watching this movie, for some reason, people tend to drive faster after watching. ;)
 I had not seen any of the "Fast and Furious movies, but pre-ordered this one on Amazon.com when I saw that two of my favorite actors were in it
 Fast Five adds an interesting twist to the Fast & Furious franchise, leaning more towards heist flick than a street racing film.  Universal Studios has breathed new life into the series by switching up the formula, and Fast Five won't disappoint action junkies.  Fast Five reunites Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) with cop-turned-racer Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro.  Diesel reprises his role of Toretto, this time on the run from a high-octane federal law enforcement team led by Luke Hobbs, played by Dwayne Johnson.  Complicating their situation further is Brazilian drug kingpin Hernan Reyes, portrayed by veteran actor Joaquim de Almeida of "Desperado fame.  The only way to dig themselves out of their hole is to pull off a final caper to the tune of $100 million, aided by a variety of former series characters.  What makes the latest addition to the Fast & Furious franchise a success is the amount of adrenaline injected into the film.  Fast Five is chock full of tense moments, fast cars and shootouts.  Adding a bit of levity to an otherwise hardcore action flick are the duo of reggaeton artists Don Omar and Tego Calderon, who return to the series with comedic relief in tow.  Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang, and Matt Schulze also reprise their roles to offer a sense of familiarity to viewers.  Fast Five's musical score is a mix of high-energy tracks with greater variety than other soundtracks from the franchise.  The film's score doesn't feature as much American rap as earlier films, though it makes up for it with the inclusion of urban Portuguese-language songs from Brazil.  International music ranges from Rio's rap to Brazilian Funk, plus the infectious "Danza Kuduro by Puerto Rican reggaetonero Dom Omar, who returns to the film as the pessimistic Rico.  Fast Five is the third film of the franchise that composer Brian Tyler contributes to, with songs ranging from cinematic to industrial rock.  There are two elements of the film that stand out.  The first being the too-good-to-be-true clash between Dom and federal strike team leader Luke Hobbs.  The two reaching their inevitable on-screen collision hits with the force of a scud missile soaked in testosterone.  The other element is the final car chase of the film.  Gone are the intricate CGI shots of the mechanical workings of the cars involved. But what Fast Five loses in computer imaging, it makes up for with hardcore driving.  The ultimate chase scene in the movie is far from what you've seen in other heist flicks, and is sure to please even the pickiest of action junkies.  That's not to say that Fast Five is Oscar-quality, of course.  To truly enjoy this film, you have accept in advance that this isn't Shawshank Redemption.  While much of the cast have experience in film and television, the majority serve up averageacting at best.  I'm a huge fan of Vin Diesel's movies (Pitch Black FTW), but he looks all of his 44 years in this film, and his acting ability hasn't improved much.  While he and Paul Walker both are well-suited for action flicks, don't expect profound performances from either of them.  Diesel is given more of an opportunity to flex his acting chops in Fast Five, with it's emphasis on relationships and heartbreak, but I honestly wasn't too moved.  Dwayne "The Rock Johnson carries the greatest screen presence of the entire cast, giving off an air of intensity that resonates throughout every scene.  But that being said, he wasn't given an opportunity to show off any real range of emotions in the film.  Despite Fast Five having it's fair share of action and suspense, the film does drag on a bit longer than necessary with it's runtime of two-plus hours.  While the film's conclusion is fairly clear, it's also given an open-ending that paves the way for the franchise's sixth effort, and the possible return of a significant character from the series.  Overall, Fast Five is simply a fun watch, a guilty pleasure if you're a fan of heist flicks or action movies in general.  If you're a motor head, you might be a bit let down at the abandonment of the franchise's original formula, though the change still make for a welcome spin on the series.  Definitely give this one a rent, or get the Blu-Ray/DVD combo to own one of the better movies in the series.
 For the money the blue ray DVD combo is awesome. And it really is a great movie I enjoyed it
 It was a decent movie. Not sure if all the hype had me expecting more. For the most part, it's an action packed flick with some cool rides. Liked the twists and turns in the storyline and the ending after the credits. Can't wait to see what happens next.
 Michael Bay could learn a few tricks from Justin Lin who directs his 3rd franchise hit.  Lin brings back Vin Diesel as Dom who is clearly in charge of the operation once set free from a prison transport bus in the dynamite opening sequence.  Most of the usual crew is back including Paul Walker and Jordana Brewster.  They and a few others end up in Rio.  Once there, needing money, they hook up with a local crime mob to heist a few high end cars.  This sets up another remarkable stunt sequence that is as exciting as those usually reserved for James Bond movies.  Before I get too gushy about the movie, let's get one thing clear.  It is implausible, improbable, and perhaps even impossible.  The acting isn't all that great, the plot is stupid and the science behind some of the stunt work ain't there.  Yet, after being drawn in during the first 20 minutes, you're hooked. You will also see some of the best stunt driving ever.  I've said it before and I'll say it again.  Park your brain and settle in for the ride.  This is the best of the "Furious films...by a long shot.
 Great movie and be sure to watch the race between Dom and Brian when the credits roll, there's an interesting clip right after it.
 I really liked this sequel even more than the original and the other sequels so far because the scenery in Brazil and the music were so amazing. Also, I loved to see The Rock and Vin Diesel doing the action scenes together, BUT I felt they got a little too carried away with breaking walls in the fight scene. The cars and the driving were great, of course; and then the little teaser at the end was a welcomed surprise. Looking forward to the next sequel. 
 It may be the best in the series...so far. This really is an ultra macho action movie. Good chases, fights, shootouts, and of course extremely expensive ultra fast cars doing all sorts of crazy things (amazingly w/ very few pedestrians or traffic). They blended a lot of the actors from the previous movies into this one. I enjoyed the Rock's character (Luke Hobbs), he played a real bad ass here and Vin as always plays the group's leader, the deep voiced, muscled up tough guy Dominic "Dom Toretto. This film really makes the police in Rio de Janeiro look foolish and corrupt. Do they really drive those suped-up dodge charger police interceptor cars there? Somehow I doubt it. Apparently every city has an underground race club behind fences w/ hot girls that race thru the streets for "pinks (a car's title). I don't know, I never see them. It's interesting they named the movie fast five rather than the fast and the furious 5. Anyways, it was a good action "guy movie". The downtown streets & bridge scene w/ Dom & O'Conner is killer. The guy who played the bad guy, Joaquim de Almeida, was also very good in his role. Very cool ending as well, although I wish they showed the final race instead of cgi everything. If you watch past the first few seconds of the credits they show a teaser for the next movie (scheduled may 2013) where apparently Michelle Rodriguez's character "Letty is alive, Eva Mendes' character returns as well.
 "The guys we're after are professional runners. They like speed and are guaranteed to go down the hardest possible way so make sure you've got your funderwear on. We find 'em we take 'em as a team and we bring 'em back. And above all else we don't ever, ever let them get into cars.  After breaking Dominic (Diesel) out of the jail bus Brian and him move to Rio to start a new life of robbing and stealing.  After Brian gets news that makes him want to stop running the team decides to pull off one last heist.  I have never been a real big fan of the series.  They are good but have mostly been "I have car...I go fast.  The fourth one was the best because it actually had a story to it.  Then I saw this one.  Far and away the best of the series so far.  For those that watched them for the racing I should warn you, there is only one scene in this one.  This one was more in the style of "Oceans 11 then a "Fast & Furious movie.  I'm not sure if the sixth one they are making is needed, but like all movies lately they will make them until they make one too many...then the remakes start.  That reason aside this is a very fun and exciting heist movie very much worth watching.  Overall, I surprisingly liked it a lot and highly recommend this.  I give this a B+.  Would I watch it again? - I think I would, I can't say that about the other four.  *Also try - Fast & Furious 1-4 & Takers
 The Fast and the Furious franchise seems to be getting better with age. The first on was a good movie. Then the second one came out which was average at best than Toyko Drift came out and that was just plan terrible. I considered the franchise dead after that but then I saw Fast and the Furious and it gave life to the franchise. It's rare to see a franchise getting better with age. Usually Things start to go down hill after the second movie of a franchise. From the Lethal Weapon movies, to the Terminator movies and of course all of the horror genre. So it's surprisingly rare for a franchise to survive the test of time and you wouldn't expect this franchise to be one of them and Fast Five might be the best movie of them all.  Fast Five has a above average story. Starting almost directly after the first one. The overall story is about the core group trying to find a way out of the endless running from the law and family. There's another plot about a drug lord and a missing computer chip but it isn't very good. That shouldn't matter to most simply because you don't go to see this type of movie for a amazing story and great acting. You coming to see the great action, cool cars, and hot women. You get plenty of all three in this. Still I'd say this is the best story of all the movies since the first one.  The acting ok but look at the actors none of the are great actors and none of them are going to win Oscars in their acting career. Still all the actors from Paul Walker to Tyrese Gibson to Sung Kang to Dwayne Johnson aka THE ROCK are having a good time and have great chemistry which makes up for the acting.  Now for what everyone goes to these movies for the action. Which is mind blowing. From a scene where a group steal cars from a moving train. Another was a on foot chase in slums of Brazil(Which the movie was filmed and is beautiful.) where Dwayne Johnson and Vin Diesel go one on one in one of the one one action scenes you'll see with out CGI. Finally there's the climax which I won't say anything about but will blow you away.  Also there is a scene after the main credits that will imply what the inevitable next movie will be about.  Overall this is the best of the franchise with great visuals and action and a above average story and decent acting.
 The Fast and the Fiveous is a high octane thrill ride that speeds along at a frantic pace, leaving plot and character in the dust. But that's ok, because all we care about is who wins the race. The movie gets into gear with the opening scene and never lets up. Sure, it's low quality. I know, the writing is bad and the characters' choices make no sense. And yes, watching Vin Diesel try to smile is a painful experience. But in the end, you'll find the whole thing stupidly entertaining.  In fact, it was so stupid that my brain sort of shut off while I was watching and I'm having serious trouble coming up with anything useful to say. Did I already mention that Vin Diesel fights The Rock? Basically, if that sounds good to you, you're gonna love this movie. Otherwise, steer clear. But if you feel like reading on, be warned that my mind is not firing on all six cylinders. Five Fast Five Furious picks up where the last one left off (as if anyone's keeping track), with Dom (Vin Diesel) in jail. It takes all of 30 seconds for some stunt driving to flip the prison transport bus he's on, sending Dom twirling towards freedom--and man does it flip, over and over and over and over, until it comes to its final resting place. Boom
 I was alittle bummed that it didn't come in a purple blue ray case even though it is a blue ray/dvd combo, it comes in a dvd case. Thats the only reason why I gave it 4 stars, the movie was a 5 star.
 Great addition to the Fast and Furious movies. Bringing The Rock into the series was a great move and I can't wait to see him in another sequel. Awesome action and good story.
 movie rocks...digital download takes FOREVER....thanks universal for saving a couple dimes on cd discs...i'm gonna send you the bill for the 17+hrs required to download this bad boy
 i say this movie was the best one out of all of the others. this movie have less racing but more explosions and fighting so if you like seeing things blow up you probably like this movie. what i didn't like was they exaggerated on some of the stunts.
 Lots of action, decent plot, all the stars back from the other movies, what more could you ask for? They set it up nicely for the 6th installment also. Looks as though Letty will be back also which would be good. Eva Mendez looks to be reprising her roll as well in the 6th installment. If they keep putting out good movies like this keep it going.
 I remember seeing the first one and being wowed by it. I was just a kid, so of course it was something for me. I was 10 and saw it with a few friends and loved it. However I can't recall being impressed with a single sequel since then. Especially the puke fest that was "Tokyo Drift". 2 Fast was boring as hell and FAF seemed very slow and unfocused.  So I didn't expect much from this movie... and all I can say is WOW.  This movie was actually not bad for once. I can't believe for the first time I am able to say I enjoyed a TFATF sequel.  The plot isn't anything original or groundbreaking- but the movie is well aware of it, and just piled on the action. That said, even the unoriginality was entertaining- the setting of Rio, a mob boss' money, the robbery of the money, etc.  The action is intense and involving- I hated the shaky camera and quick cutting in movies 2-4, so this was much needed. Furthermore, the finale, where two cars transport a bank vault (not ridiculous enough for you?) was incredibly fun, as was the shootout and roof-jumping scene.  The humour was evident- the script was like Aaron Sorkin wrote an action movie. I loved the scene where the bomb goes off in the toilet pipes, causing a rain of poop in all the stalls, as was the police car racing scene, etc. Great balance of humour and action.  The cast was great too- Vin was his usual cool self, but gotta say, Tyrese Gibson stole the show!!! I loved how he said "Say What? at every impossible situation. The Rock was fantastic as well- I was looking forward to seeing him in it, and he did a fantastic job.  My one complaint was that the movie was a smidge too long- maybe 10 minutes should have been trimmed, but ah, what the hell I had fun.  You know what... give the crew a cookie, they did a good job with this movie, they made it fun and entertaining, and therefore even if you hate the franchise, the movie stands out on its own well.
 Most movie franchises, by the time they reach the fifth entry, have lost a lot of the original luster.  This is one of the excpetions.  There is nothing particularly new--the characters are still on the wrong side of the law, they still do things with cars most of us wouldn't dare to dream about and they look good while doing it.  The new wrinkle in this one is The Rock--excuse, Dawyne Johnson--as a super Fed hot on their tails after they get wrongly accused for the murders of some federal agents.  But rather than running, the crew decides to pull "one last job so they can retire".  None of this is original, and plot and logic errors abound, but they still manage to put together a very enjoyable film, especially the third act, which gives us the most vehicular mayhem seen since <a href="http
 As understood, nice police officers had justice taken in their hands by stealing voult of not nice guys from a storage.  Near a sci-fiction story with blood, murdering and questionable moral.
 Just got out of the theater & I must say- This movie ROCKS!!! Great Plot/Story Line... A lot better than the last 3... This movie is full of Thrills, Action, Drama & great sound!!! The special effects are AWESOME, but not too over the top!!! It was a Huge Bonus bringing the Originals back!!! All of the original actors fit their roles perfectly & the Dwaye Johnson fit his new role great! He added a lot of Intensity & his usual Flair... He also brought extra action in a Fantastic Fight scene with Deisel... Muscle vs Muscle!!!  There is some Racing like usual, but this installment has a lot better story & is more of COMPLETE movie... Paul Walker & Diesel didn't miss a beat with there on screen chemistry like they had in the First movie in the series!  The Chase Scene at the end of the movie is the BEST CHASE SCENE since The Elanor Chase Scene in the Gone In Sixty Seconds movie with N.Cage!  Also, just like usual many people left when the end credits came on, but if you stay through the credits,  you will be rewarded with a nice little SURPRISE!!!  I give this movie an A & would recommend going to see it on the Big Screen!!! I might just go and see it again!!!  Thanks for reading my review!
 I only went to see this in theatres because friends where going, and I had nothing better to do. I expected this to be just another installment of the Fast & Furious franchise of movies, with a few drag races for pink slips, a brush with the law, and a few action scenes... and yes, that all was in this one, too... but there was so much more that I was not expecting to happen, and by end of this film I was glad I had gone to see it.  The movie kicks off right where the last left off. Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) is broken free from his jail sentence with the help from Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) who has now instantly gone from a cop to a wanted criminal. They head down to South America and cook up a scheme to make a few bucks to start a new life. So the plot doesn't sound like much, they never really did before, did they? But I can assure you that the movie has some great action scenes, and not just involving the cars this time. Now that Brian is a wanted man, Dwayne "The Rock Johnson is added to the franchise as a special forces (CIA?) cop named Hobbs. The Rock seemed too buff for the role, and seemed to be overacting the stereo typical role of the muscle buffed military style leader who will not take no for an answer, but he didn't take away from the acting anymore then Vin Diesel does... ok, enough bagging the acting, because it's been no better in any other one of these movies... so why am I saying this movie is rated 3 and a half to 4 stars? The ACTION! Some of the chase scenes in this movie are the best I have seen in years, even fans of car chases in James Bond and Death Race should enjoy the ones occurring in this movie, or in particular, the closing few minutes of the movie. It really came as a surprise to me, as the movie kind of started off with action, then had some more action, then got a little boring with all the sentimental characters manly love for each other, then in the end all of a sudden ....BOOM!!!!... and I wondered to myself "Where did that come from?". It seemed like something fans of Oceans 11 (the remake) would love. A cleverly put together little plot that is full of twists, turns, explosions, crashes and a whole vault of excitement.  I don't know if everyone will agree with me, but this Fast & Furious, for me, is the best of the whole series. I definitely recommend you see this, if you enjoy the types of movies I mentioned, and this will sure be a DVD/BlueRay disc or two worth purchasing in a few months time.  The reason I can't give it 5, isn't because of The Rock or Vin Diesel trying to out-do each other for an Academy Award, but because a few scenes in the middle needed to be trimmed down, and the final scenes after the awesome car chase needed to be shortened way down... the whole "where are they now"/ "And they lived happily ever after things shouldn't go on for as long as they do in this. But apart from that, if you do see this, expect to see one of the best car chase scenes in a movie... EVER!  Update
 The original cast is back (sans one) and they are aiming to pull off a heist after putting together a team. The Rock is a welcome addition to the franchise as a federal agent who specializes in tracking down fugitives. There is a lot of excitement in this one, with the distinctive storyline of the bad guys being the good guys because they are stealing from worse guys. It makes sense when you see it. Are there some improbabilities that occur during the course of the action? Certainly, but if not taken too seriously, this is a good old-fashioned action film.  Car chases, gun fights and explosions are ubiquitous in Fast Five, and if that is your idea of a good time, sit back and enjoy the ride.
 The last three sequels hardly offered anything new, you just had more fast cars and more races. So I didn't expect much from Fast Five at all. However the movie is surprisingly fun and exciting, due to better writing and direction.   The fast cars and races are still in the movie of course, but here you have the addition of a Ocean 11 like heist plot and the Rock as a relentless special agent named Hobbs that will do anything to get Dominic Torretto (Vin Diesel) and his team.   I just don't understand why Han (Sung Kang) from Tokyo Drift is back with no explanation to how he's still alive, since didn't he die in that movie ? But that's easy to ignore since Fast Five is fun either way and the best action film of the year so far.
 I have a real `love/hate' relationship with `The Fast and Furious' franchise.  I absolutely loved the original when I was like fifteen and still consider it one of the best films in its genre (thus, my five star review).  `2 Fast 2 Furious' was a tad overblown and nowhere near as fun without Vin Diesel.  Still, it had some great moments and I like it.  `Tokyo Drift' made no sense whatsoever and had none of the original cast, so it seemed wholly unnecessary and yet it was far more entertaining than the initial sequel and had a great star making turn (if you call this a `star making vehicle') by Lucas Black, so it was forgivable and certainly enjoyable.  `Fast & Furious' was cheap and ridiculous and a gross underachievement and a major disappointment.  It had almost no merit whatsoever.  After that bitter pill, I was ready to write off `Fast Five' before it was even released.  I mean, as much as I loved the original, do we really need five `Fast and Furious' movies (six now that the sixth film has been greenlit)?  Alas, I gave in to temptation (much like I did with that terrible `Transformers' movie) and found out that my expectations were surpassed, in a really good way.  The worst thing I can say about `Fast Five' is that it is too long.  The film itself is probably the best in the series, maybe even better than the original, but it needed to be edited slightly.  The ending just drags out, and it doesn't have the level of polish needed to justify an elongated story.  It is similar to 2006's `Casino Royale' in the way that it is expanded storywise, but `Casino Royale' justified it's extensions with sharp development.  `Fast Five' can't do that, because this story lacks the depth it wants to have.  It is fun, but it isn't particularly smart.  That said; every other element works really well here.  Having nearly every member from the original and sequels come together for this really big heist in Rio was pretty cool and helped aid in the nostalgic feel (it made me want to rewatch the original) and other aspects of the film really soar, like the crisp cinematography and the visual effects (that train sequence was FLAWLESS).  The acting is decent, Paul Walker still as wooden as ever, but this is Diesel's wheelhouse and so he does what he does better than The Rock.  Seriously, it's a shame that The Rock stole Vin Diesel's career.  It's funny to see them opposite each other.  They are basically the same person and yet Diesel's career, which seemed so promises, has pretty much dissolved and The Rock has arguably received every role Diesel could have and should have gotten.  It's fun and exciting and bold and sets us up for the third (sixth) installment that Diesel promises is going to be amazing.  I can't really see how they can take this any further since all five films so far have pretty much consisted of the SAME THING, but this one places all those elements in the best possible order.
 Ordered this DVD for my husbands birthday. The movie is great! Fast cars, great action and a good cast. Got this from Amazon as they can always get it for me at a few dollars less than I would have to pay in a store.
 The title for this ongoing sequel to Fast and Furious is, it seems, related to the number of films based on this fast driving bunch of car fanatics than to the number of people in the tribe. What makes this series of Pow and Wow action flicks stand above many of its competitors is the tremendous sense of fun the cast seems to be having - leaping over rooftops, driving fast cars, pulling off impossible heists. It all ends in a sense of fun and introduces the teaser for the next in the series (a bit with Eva Mendes and Jason Mignot in a brief talk after the credits run pretty much guarantees the next installment).  This time the guys and girls - Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel), his sister Mia Toretto (Jordana Brewster), her boyfriend ex-cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker), Vince (Matt Schulze), Roman Pearce (Tyrese Gibson), Tej Parker (Ludacris), Han Lue (Sung Kang), Gisele Harabo (Gal Gadot) Tego Leo (Tego Calderon), and Rico Santos (Don Omar) - gather in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil - each in various stages of running from the past - hunted by FBI Agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) and in desperate need for money to escape Rio to countries where they cannot be extradited. They discover the one last job opportunity - taking away the money that billionaire Hernan Reyes (Joaquim de Almeida) takes from the money houses in the infamous Rio favelas district.  It takes the talent of the entire crew to make the heist of heists as the safe where the illegal money is kept is in the police station in a huge vault that is impenetrable - until our gang takes over in likely the most interesting and entertaining chase scene on film.  The rest of the story is fluff but nice - with a little love interest thrown in for good measure.  This cast is strong and they pull of the fine line between comedy and drama very well.  In the end this is a fast and entertaining escape film. And #6  will probably come soon!  Grady Harp, October 11
 Fast Five adds an interesting twist to the Fast & Furious franchise, leaning more towards heist flick than a street racing film. Universal Studios has breathed new life into the series by switching up the formula, and Fast Five won't disappoint action junkies.  Fast Five reunites Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) with cop-turned-racer Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro. Diesel reprises his role of Toretto, this time on the run from a high-octane federal law enforcement team led by Luke Hobbs, played by Dwayne Johnson.  Complicating their situation further is Brazilian drug kingpin Hernan Reyes, portrayed by veteran actor Joaquim de Almeida of "Desperado fame. The only way to dig themselves out of their hole is to pull off a final caper to the tune of $100 million, aided by a variety of former series characters.  What makes the latest addition to the Fast & Furious franchise a success is the amount of adrenaline injected into the film. Fast Five is chock full of tense moments, fast cars and shootouts. Adding a bit of levity to an otherwise hardcore action flick are the duo of reggaeton artists Don Omar and Tego Calderon, who return to the series with comedic relief in tow. Tyrese Gibson, Ludacris, Jordana Brewster, Sung Kang, and Matt Schulze also reprise their roles to offer a sense of familiarity to viewers.  Fast Five's musical score is a mix of high-energy tracks with greater variety than other soundtracks from the franchise. The film's score doesn't feature as much American rap as earlier films, though it makes up for it with the inclusion of urban Portuguese-language songs from Brazil. International music ranges from Rio's rap to Brazilian Funk, plus the infectious "Danza Kuduro by Puerto Rican reggaetonero Dom Omar, who returns to the film as the pessimistic Rico. Fast Five is the third film of the franchise that composer Brian Tyler contributes to, with songs ranging from cinematic to industrial rock.  There are two elements of the film that stand out. The first being the too-good-to-be-true clash between Dom and federal strike team leader Luke Hobbs. The two reaching their inevitable on-screen collision hits with the force of a scud missile soaked in testosterone.  The other element is the final car chase of the film. Gone are the intricate CGI shots of the mechanical workings of the cars involved. But what Fast Five loses in computer imaging, it makes up for with hardcore driving. The ultimate chase scene in the movie is far from what you've seen in other heist flicks, and is sure to please even the pickiest of action junkies.  That's not to say that Fast Five is Oscar-quality, of course. To truly enjoy this film, you have accept in advance that this isn't Shawshank Redemption. While much of the cast have experience in film and television, the majority serve up average acting at best. I'm a huge fan of Vin Diesel's movies (Pitch Black FTW), but he looks all of his 44 years in this film, and his acting ability hasn't improved much. While he and Paul Walker both are well-suited for action flicks, don't expect profound performances from either of them. Diesel is given more of an opportunity to flex his acting chops in Fast Five, with it's emphasis on relationships and heartbreak, but I honestly wasn't too moved.  Dwayne "The Rock Johnson carries the greatest screen presence of the entire cast, giving off an air of intensity that resonates throughout every scene. But that being said, he wasn't given an opportunity to show off any real range of emotions in the film.  Despite Fast Five having it's fair share of action and suspense, the film does drag on a bit longer than necessary with it's runtime of two-plus hours. While the film's conclusion is fairly clear, it's also given an open-ending that paves the way for the franchise's sixth effort, and the possible return of a significant character from the series.  Overall, Fast Five is simply a fun watch, a guilty pleasure if you're a fan of heist flicks or action movies in general. If you're a motor head, you might be a bit let down at the abandonment of the franchise's original formula, though the change still make for a welcome spin on the series. Definitely get the Steelbook Blu-Ray to own one of the better movies in the series.
 Thanks for sending me an email to review a film I seen 4 months ago! Reviewed on 3/27/12. It was a great movie for what I can remember. Alot of action scenes and stunts! The film was entertaining throughout. The stunts were thought out extremely well and executed perfectly. I recommend this film
 It was good movie with a lot of car chases, fight scenes and good story line.  However, it was pretty predictable how it was going to end.
 I have been a fan of the Fast and Furious since the beginning.  They lost their way on Tokyo Drift so I am glad to see redemption with this movie.  Great cast, it is the best of the best!  Action is amazing and the fight scene between Vin Diesel and Dwayne Johnson is one of the best I have ever seen!  This movie is great eye candy for the ladies and all the action for the men!
 A very good action movie... good cars and effects!!! The extended part I never see it, but the movie it's good!!!
 well worth the cash... loved it in theaters and just had to buy the blu-ray. i cant wait for the sequals.
 This was a good fast and furious movie. You should watch it. We thought it was one of the better ones in the series
 I really encouraged people back in the summer of 2011 to see Fast Five on the big screen.  This was a movie made for the movie theaters with larger-than-life action and characters (Diesel's Dominic Toretto and Dwayne "the Rock Johnson's Luke Hobbs).  It was a dizzying and jazzy and thrilling mash-up of the previous Fast/ Furious movies with a painted overcoat of the Ocean's 11 franchise.  More of an action heist movie than a race-the-mean-streets gig Fast Five lets the viewer in on the fun that the actors and producers were obviously having while making the movie; by the time the gang gives up on the original heist plan we have given up too, believing that they just can't pull it off, and so we readily jump into the absurdity and audacity that follows as two cars and some sort of super-cable manage to yank a vault the size of a large bathroom out of a police station and then rumble it demolition-ball style throughout the streets of Rio de Janiero!  Did I mention absurdity and audacity yet?  This was one of my favorite, if not my favorite, movie moments of 2011.  It was gonzo and they went for it.  I knew after seeing this one on the big screen that it would lose something in its transfer to our television screens and it sure did (I would have given it 5 stars for the big screen); seeing it in such a greatly reduced scope and for a second time simply reduced the thrill.  But this movie still entertains madly!  From the King Kong versus Godzilla duel that the battle between Vin Diesel and the Rock suggests (and delivers!) (BTW, have you ever seen a movie where you thought, "Man, I'd like to see those two go head-to-head", and they didn't and you were disappointed?  I'm looking at you "War"; Jason Statham and Jet Li starring together in a movie and not fighting!?!) to the planning of a ridiculous heist stealing money out of a police station to the ripping cars off from a moving train this movie has moments that make you go, "No way they just did that or are going to try that!  But yes they did and yes they are.  Oh, and did anyone else wonder, as my wife did, if the Rock felt pain when he stood in those chest-and-legs-out poses?  Me, I wondered how he got his arms to that ungodly massive size!
 Great action movie! Scored it for a super good price. Came in three days earlier than expected. It's one of the few movies that I don't mind watching over and over.
 Without  The Rock  then i would never buy this movie DVD. The Rock is number one action star of Hollywood so others are number two/2nd in this movie. Best of  FAST...MOVIES.
 Slow to get going but after that.... lots of bullets, fast cars, screaming tires, car chases, explosions, car crashes. Hardly need the sound to be on as dialogue is nothing to write home about but was dialogue even expected??? For what it is, it was fine.
 FrightWorld (RedScream Films) has plenty of blood and gore to satisfy any splatter fan. There is more blood and gore in the first ten minutes of this movie than most movies have in their entire running time. There are a few boobs and thongs, but there could have been more skin. The film quality throughout was much better than the average no-budget film. The lighting was impressive in the intro and added a lot to the artistic look. There were plenty of cool shots. Some of the dialog audio was muffled and difficult to understand for a short time after the opening credits, but it got clearer as the film went on. Even though it probably had a smaller budget,  Fright World was as good as a lot of cable B-movies that I've seen.  The basic story is about a group of people who are mostly Goths previewing a haunted house inside a warehouse while a psycho killer who may have magical powers is brutally murdering them one by one. The acting is surprisingly good. The directing isn't bad. The dialog isn't very impressive, but hey, it's a splatter movie. If you want Shakespeare, you're on the wrong website!  My two biggest problems with the movie were the stylistic shift about twenty minutes into the film and the film's length. Imagine someone deciding to make a DVD of techno and goth music videos. About twenty minutes into the project, they realize that they don't have enough videos to fill a DVD, so they decided to fill the rest of the space with a splatter movie. Watching that DVD would probably be a lot like watching FrightWorld. Artistically, there are a lot of very cool visuals during the first twenty minutes, but then there is a major style shift that makes the movie feel fragmented. The stylish, gory, blood-soaked and artistic introduction sequence gives the back-story...sort of. This intro, the opening credits that follow, and even the lettering are presented like a music video in the style of Nine Inch Nails, Ministry, Tool or Rob Zombie. The music, which was ok, sounded heavily influenced by the same bands. Then about twenty minutes into the movie, you have a whole set of new characters and the entire style changes from that of a music video to your standard dark B-movie. Neither style is bad, but the shift from one to the other makes you feel like you changed the channel. After the change, you have another ten minutes or so of build up before anything happens. Then the movie really picks up and settles into a solid story for a while; chainsaws, blood, gore, boobs, screaming, running, etc. Unfortunately, the final scene drags out for about ten minutes of dialog. Although the does tie things together with the beginning, it felt like too much talking. You've already seen just about everyone die and the climax is over. I think if the filmmakers had an outside editor, they probably could have cut a good size chunk out of the movie and it would have flowed a lot better.  Overall, FrightWorld was a pretty good movie. If you're looking for blood and gore, you'll find plenty of it here.  Gore-o-meter rating
 This isn't really a review. I just feel that Amazon doesn't give enough information about this DVD collection. I'm adding this so any potential buyer might to be able to make an informed purchasing decision. I hope it's useful.  Night of the Living Dead (1968) - 96 min - Horror / Sci-Fi - Director
 When I popped Tiki into my dvd player, my expectations were not very high but I was hoping to be entertained. Truthfully, this is a low budget picture with average actors. If this fact is enough to scare you away, avoid this movie. If you are okay with this, then give it a shot.  The plot of this movie centers around a Carrie-like theme. Nerdy girl is humiliated by snobs and gets revenge by use of a tiki doll manifestation of her anger. Most of the murder scenes are brutal, creative, and sometimes comical. I could not help but laugh at the absurdity of the murder methods and the gibbering of the tiki throughout the movie.  Don't expect a lot of extras or a widescreen presentation. There is a making of featurette and trailer.  This is not a knock your socks off surprise, but I was definitely more entertained than I expected to be. If decently executed stupidity is what you are looking for, then you will probably find this movie worth a viewing. I am being generous with the four star rating because I typically dig independent films with limited budget and talent because I am pretty tired of the schlock out of hollywood. I like giving my money to people who will more likely appreciate it.  I had fun watching it, and I hope you do too. I am not comparing the movie to cinematic masterpieces. This to me is a four star independent horror picture, which is totally different from a four star big hollywood production. I rate with consideration of budget, personal expectations, and overall entertainment value.  If you watch this and hate it, remember, this is my personal opinion of this movie and I apologize if my review causes you to watch it and feel as if you have wasted 80 minutes of your life. Remember, it is a great privilege to live in a country where we have the ability to watch what we want, when we want. That in and of itself is a beautiful thing. Just knowing that I have that opportunity is enough to make watching any movie time well wasted.  Thanks for reading the review. Now go tell somebody that you love them.<a href="http
 Okay. My Father was told that it was a good movie. He didn't enjoy it.
 What I like about this movie is the honesty about addiction. It is very much like portrayed in this movie. And yes, woman do go down quicker. And AA doesn't work as well for woman. Bill W. didn't want woman in the fellowship and the bias is evident in the Big Book (the nickname for their manifesto).  It's heartbreaking to see Lee Remick walking the street alone in the dark leaving her husband and child. AA needs to treat woman better than they do instead of the "tough love that is given.
  Days of Wine and Roses  might be one of the least pleasant movies you will ever watch. But one of the main reasons to watch this wonderful film is the great interaction between Boston natives Jack Lemmon and the late Lee Remick. Lemmon plays busy-body Joe Clay, a very agreeable man who ends acquiring a decidedly UNagreeable habit while pressing flesh with business peers--alcoholism. Joe finds time to court pretty Kirsten (Remick), and she finds herself trying to keep up with Joe and his crazy nightlife. In the span of a couple of months, Kirsten is herself caught in a maze of booze and sleepless nights. Soon, the happy couple are both victimized by their addiction to drink, but are slow to realize it. Slowly, painfully, each scene of their lives is shown to revolve around the bottle; even their time alone is marred by a bottle of champagne.  Joe is the first to hit rock bottom. He finds assistance and solace by a member of Alcoholics Anonymous (Jack Klugman). Joe sets his sites on getting his wife free of the disease, but finds it will not be easy.  The scenes of Joe going through his final binge are scary indeed. The second half of the film is quite different from the first in mood. It is not pretty to watch such self-destruction, and director Blake Edwards (known for producing much lighter, screwier fare in the late 70's and early 80's) makes his audience feel the pain deeply; he succeeds to the point that we, the audience, can sense some urgency in Edwards' emphasis. There is a tendency for too much preachiness in a story of this magnitude. However, Edwards does a good job in maintaining the plot line, letting IT tell the story. Klugman is a great supporting actor in this film. It's his performance in the second half that gives this film a better than average rating, as the voice of conscience to Joe Clay, setting the stage for the final, inevitable reality.
 This early depiction of alcoholism was also among the first to present its sufferers as real people with souls and some dignity, and it remains a timeless and relevant film. Ingeniously, this film not only is about alcoholism, it is also about recovery, and that both are told earns the film classic status. The film's leads, Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick (sadly, neither of whom is with us anymore), got Best Acting Oscar nominations, Lemmon for his frightening depiction of one man's descent to hell but who, leaning heavily on AA philosophy, earns his recovery. As Lemmon's screen wife, Remick is her husband's antithesis, and her final scene leaves us with no hope for her character. Though firmly on the path toward sobriety, Lemmon's character nonetheless injects the warning that even the rosebed of recovery has its thorns. Just as the film's subject remains pertinent, so does Henry Mancini's haunting musicial score. A spate of drug and recovery films have come out through the years since "Days of Wine and Roses, but none have equalled the film's painful honesty and realistic depiction of addiction and recovery.
 Cousin Larry and I saw this blueprint of how not to live. Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick become alcoholics and separate after having a child. Lemmon sobers up. Remick does not. I had a drinking problem in my 20s. I should have given this film more thought. Lemmon was a great actor, the average businessman struggling to make it in the city, funny and tragic at the same time. The title was taken from a poem by Ernest Dowson. "Vitae Summa Brevis laments the brevity of life
 jack lemmon stars as 'public relations' executive,joe clay, who has a problem with the sauce due to part of his job being to 'entertain' the executives of the companies that his company handles.he meets kirsten,played by lee remick who is a goody goody,total opposite to joe.somehow they end up clicking,marry and have a child.eventually joe turns kirsten onto the drink and soon they both become slaves to the bottle.lemmon and remmick are great in their roles and deserved the recognition they got as they are both extremely believable.i would definitely recommend this to people in recovery as well as those who don't think that they have a problem as this movie shows what can happen if you take drinking to the limit.i wouldn't recommend seeing this for the first time if you are depressed as this film is quite depressing and emotionally draining.i don't mean to take anything away from this film because it is really good and probably the best about alcoholism,just be in the mood for a drama.
 Don't expect a happy ending, this is a story about alcoholics. Lee Remick was a beautiful woman, I would have liked to have seen more of her.
 If you're looking for a pick-me-up movie--or even a film with a feel-good resolution--then by all means pass by DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES.  The timeless story about a couple floating in a sea of booze, as their lives subsequently unravel, is harsh and bitter; in a word, sobering.  Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play Joe and Kirsten Clay, an up and coming couple about to pursue the American Dream.  Except Joe can't resist those company martini lunches and after-hours excursions; soon he's convinced Kirsten to join him, and before long the alcohol has taken center stage in their lives--with both in denial there's a problem.  As the couple becomes more dysfunctional, as their lives spin further out of control, Joe realizes they need help; he even climbs on the wagon a time or two, always to fall off at Kirsten's urging.  As the film concludes, Joe realizes he must make a choice--Kirsten, or sobriety.  His decision is, again, in a word, sobering.  Lemmon and Remick give excellent performances as the besotted couple, yet had the gushy melodrama been dialed down a notch the story would have been so much more believable.  For example, Joe not only gets drunk--he gets maniacally out of control to the point of violent destruction.  I realize the film's premise is to establish the horrific byproducts of alcoholism, yet the over-the-top antics fall well short of believable (Which certainly doesn't make DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES unique; all films during this era were guilty of offering excessive doses of contrived melodrama.).  Despite such purple-ish production DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is a powerful and riveting attention-getter.  For a more contemporary, albeit even more somber, portrayal of alcoholism, <a href="http
 Jack Lemmon's character in this film used this phrase
 Having grown up on the more well known films of David Lean, from his 1940s period pieces, like Great Expectations and Oliver Twist, to his famed epics, The Bridge On The River Kwai, Lawrence Of Arabia, and Dr. Zhivago, I was surprised to learn that he even made comedies. In fact, he only made two, 1945's Blithe Spirit, based on a Noel Coward play, and the film under review, 1954's Hobson's Choice (Lean's last black and white film), also based upon a play- a 1916 play of the same title by Harold Brighouse. While this film is not in a league with the aforementioned classics, it is a very good film, and often quite humorous; yet this is all due to Lean's direction and trimming away of some of the narrative fat from the play in favor of unique cinematic expression, starting from the opening shots that define the workplace of Henry Hobson (Charles Laughton, in one of his better late roles, after his career started a long, slow fade) to the many precise positionings of characters within the film frame, to the degree that many scenes play out as living detailed paintings from the very era the film is set in- the late 19th Century. One particularly well wrought scene comes near the film's end when Hobson's oldest daughter confers with a doctor about her father's condition, and instead of the camera following them for what will be a perfunctory exchange it stays with Laughton, who gives a bravura scene of underacted rage and calm in one.  Hobson's Choice is not a highly regarded film in Lean's canon, and in comparison to some of the aforementioned classics, the reason why is obvious- it's only a very good film in a career littered with great works. But, it was recognized by the critics of the time, and won the 1954 Best Film Award from the British Academy of Film. The only negative in the film is the over the top burlesque music of Malcolm Arnold. Yes, the film is a comedy, but it's nowhere near slapstick. That said, it is also an enjoyable film, and dominated by the female presence in the film, a rarity in Lean's canon. A good film, an excellent ensemble of DVD features, and this bit of minor English film history becomes one of the better DVD releases in recent years. See for yourself, as it will soon be released to the general public. Now that's a choice old Hobson could live with.
 Laughton is a bore in this one.  Always the same, never changing, no nuance.  A boring narcissist...  Mills moves a million miles in character, from totally subservient to being the man of his own house......and wife.  And for an English movie this is quite amazing as there is so much emphasis on keeping in one's own class.  Here in the USA we dont think of class as limiting.  So we miss that aspect of the story.  Of the three daughters stuck with Hobson for a father, slave driver, as they work all day for no money when he just goes to the tavern and gets plastered.  The younger daughters are pretty dumb, but Di Branzie applies her brilliance at running the bootery to her own unfulfilled life.  She carefully plans and bends everone to her will.....and for everyone's benefit.  But most important, she brings Mills out of his tight cocoon and teaches him to have pride, confidence, and ......to love her.  He doesn't love her and says so, but that doens't stop Di Brenzie......she has it all figured out and has an answer for everything.  A super survivor.  Mills is brilliant as the changeling.  In fact, you hardly notice him early in the movie.  Then each little push to his self respect and self-sufficiency is a joy.
 This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.  Hobson's Choice is a 1954 film directed by David Lean and stars Charles Laughton in the title role. It is based on a play by Harold Brighouse.  The story is about Henry Hobson, a boot maker and town drunk who is quarreling with his daughter over her desire to marry a man who works for her father.  I liked the film and thought the humor was very clever.  The supplements are as follows
 Typical understated British comedy, that grows on you.  Some over acting in places, but Michael Redgraves performance is spot on for the charicter he is playing.  If you like British comedy, and some I do and some I don't, I think you will enjoy Hobson's Choice.  Worth taking a chance on.
 Merchant & Ivory turned Ishiguro's elegant novel into a quiet, stylish movie that is thoroughly gripping if you're even remotely responsive to truly great character acting. The only thing that is conspicuously absent from the film while being one of the main attractions of the novel, is the at times outrageously funny element of comedy that lightened the generally melancholy tone of the story. All that's left of it is the butlers cumbersome attempt to acquaint his Lordhip's nephew (Hugh Grant in pre-celeb days) with the facts of life; which, standing on its own as it does in the movie, seems misplaced and fails to be funny at all. Hopkins and Thompson however work miracles and are the engine of the movie
 Based on the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro ,this film is an atmospheric wonder. Anthony Hopkins gives arguably his best performance as the head butler in an English estate house during the 1930s. His dedication to his duty to Lord Darlington of the manor is demonstrated by his indifference to almost anything concerning his own personal life. As WWII approaches and his employer is involved in some dubious diplomacy with the Nazi regime he runs the house with an eye to old world efficiency even though to the viewer that old world order is clearly dying. Hopkins is flawless in his portrayal. Almost equally matching his performance is that of Emma Thompson who joins the staff as the head housekeeper. This is a period drama that moves along at a literary pace and some may find sections of the film slow. I did not and enjoyed the performances as much as I enjoyed the writing and beautiful cinematography.
 "Dignity in Remains of the day   by Shahzada Gofran An American mother lost four out of five of her sons at war in Vietnam during 1954. Yet her head is as high as Mount Everest with patriotic dignity. But it's not the same dignity that we see in Stevens's life depicted on both in Kazuo Ishiguro's novel and James Ivory's film Remains of the day. It is Stevens' dignity that provokes questions to the readers and the viewers mind. It poses them to ponder what dignity actually means in life when they read or watch the film. Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) is the protagonist whose dormant feelings and self-indulgence have been suppressed by the concept of "dignity that he cherished with profound delicacy throughout his service life at Darlington hall. But unfortunately, that "dignity has brought little meaning and many unhappy moments in his life. His dignity has existed like a mist in a winter morning that goes away in the glare of a dazzling sun. Nearly at the end of the novel and also in the film, the viewers get to see how dignity plays a treacherous role in Stevens's life. Nevertheless, the film did an excellent job in changing some scenes to emphasize and show dignity that is so ingrained in Stevens' life. Although the book has a greater detail of events than it is in the film, the director kept the central themes congruent.  In the realm of modernism and capitalism, the English aristocracy and the formality of a butler's profession remain as an interesting story, but not as a pervasive manner of lifestyle for today's' generation. The modernism, individuality, and freedom of expression took over the habitual human thinking that was existed during the Darlington's era. Generally ordinary citizens have little right to express their opinions on issues of politics. The English colonialism and their mannerism have also had an impact on the people during that time. According to Bert Cardullo the elegiac representation of the British imperialism and celebrates its heyday by depicting a return to the practice of social hierarchy"(The servant,1). We also have seen in the movie that the international delegates are so secluded from the touch of the ordinary people. However, one may argue though that the impact of Modernism we have seen in Remains of the day would shape and mold the English civilization gradually rather than occurring as a revolution. There were people during the Darlington era who also have similar mannerism and modern thinking as today. For example Miss Kenton who believed on her opinions and has the dignity of choosing for her own as oppose to Stevens. She opposed the idea of firing those Jews servants and she chooses to marry and quite the job for her own happiness that was impossible for Stevens. For her it is the confidence in what she values has the high dignity and self esteem just as we would in today generation.   The dignity is a quintessential idea in the novel. In the film it is undeniably repeated many times in order to simply establish the importance of it to the readers and the viewers of Remains of the day.  The idea of dignity here has revolved around from the perspective of professional success and achievements. But both Stevens and his father have been a merciless victim of "dignity". Stevens father also suppressed his feeling for dignity. He served indifferently to the general even though his son died in war because of his absurd decision ( the remains of the day).  But the dignity is nothing but merely a product of social and traditional legacy passed on to the so-called English gentleman's society, which was an impediment to the growth of individuality.  Nonetheless, dignity is not a valuable security that Stevens had thought about throughout his youth while providing service to Lord Darlington. It is unfolded at the end quite dramatically in his life. Because of the dignity he had lost an opportunity of having an affair with Miss Kenton who is Emma Thompson in the movie. Miss Kenton has implied her interests and feelings to him couple of times and tried to convey her love. Once she was invited to go out for a dinner with Mr. Benn and later proposed to marry him. And when she got back to Darlington, she asked Stevens about his opinion on it. But Stevens remained cold and formal as usual and expressed only congratulation that was inadequate and ignited subtly Miss Kenton's emotional feelings( film- remains of the day). It is his dignity once again that has not only left his life sad and gloomy, but lonely as well. Stevens' dignity was all about Lord Darlington. His satisfaction comes from providing a better service without making silly mistakes. But the honor and dignity put Stevens in an awkward position. According to one of the critiques of the Remains of the day, Jennifer Bussey  what a terrible mistake he realized that he made about both his failed romance with her and his support of Lord Darlington's Nazi sympathies. This may be no more than denial and evasion in Anthony Hopkins' performance, but there is more at work in the novel"(critique on Remains).   Eventually, Steven's remuneration of service to lord Darlington has become a nostalgic memory only. Because of his dignity, he remained with the international congregation and did not go to see his dead father. He even had to keep his identity secrete from the outside world because disclosing his identity and his former employer Darlington would demean his value to the people of England. Essentially, his dignity made him a man who has no room for learning his feelings until the end. The director of the movie James Ivory says "he portrays a kind of butler who does not talk or share opinions, but observes and sees ways to serve the master (ljlkjljlkj). Thus, his "dignity and professionalism demolished his life that he could have had throughout his youth.  Bibliography  Ishiguro, Kazuo
 Love or Loyalty   Kuldip Kumar Garhwal   When we talk about Love, don't we think about two persons love towards each other with loyalty? Love and loyalty are interrelated. The pillars of love are made by the bricks of loyalty. Love and Loyalty go together. But it is not true in the case of The Remains of the Day by Kazuo Ishiguro. Mr. Steven is loyal towards Lord Darlington and he loves Miss. Kenton, but if he gives more weight to love, he won't be able to be loyal to Lord Darlington because "Steven thinks that such abandonment of a professional post for marriage is irritating and thoroughly unprofessional. (Spark Notes 1)   In The Remains of the Day there are two stories going on, first the love between Stevens and Kenton; and second the loyalty of Stevens towards Lord Darlington. In real life love and loyalty go on collectively. For example marriages fall apart if there is no loyalty between partners. In The Remains of the Day love and loyalty does not go hand-in-hand, because if Stevens loves Kenton and wants to marry her, he cannot keep up with his position of well-contended-service towards Lord Darlington. That is because if Stevens wants to continue with his love life he has to leave his current job as a butler at Darlington Hall and which will prove him to be disloyal towards Lord Darlington. "In the totality of his professional commitment, Stevens fails to pursue the one woman with whom he could have had a fulfilling and a loving relationship. His rim mask of formality cuts him off intimacy, companionship, and understanding. (Plot Overview)   Stevens values dignity, loyalty & respect more than love. He believes that love & loyalty cannot go together. It's not only Stevens who value this but other people from the same era also believe in this concept. Take the example of Mr. Benn, who was also a butler, he resigned from his job and went to some other city to start a new life, when he found out that he loves Kenton and they would like to marry each other.   Stevens believed in 'dignity in keeping with his position'. He talks about dignity throughout his narration. What does that 'keeping with his position' means? In Steven's context it basically means to be loyal to his Lord Darlington. Now if Steven loves Miss. Kenton he will not be able to keep up with his current position as a butler of Darlington Hall and therefore he cannot continue being loyal to Lord Darlington. Loyalty comes in the way of Stevens love life and he chooses loyalty as he values the quality of being worthy of esteem or respect.   "Butlers cannot choose whether or not to react to any given situation; they are always expected to repress their own feelings. (Spark Notes 2) Stevens follows this rule of gentlemen of stature, and which is why he never expressed his own feeling towards almost anything in general except in his area of expertise, which is taking care of the household. But this does not mean that Stevens did not love Kenton. Stevens loved Kenton a lot but could not express his feeling towards her because of loyalty. "Despite the fact that the two frequently disagree over various household affairs when they work together, the disagreements are childish in nature and mainly serve to illustrate the fact that they two care for each other. (Plot Overview) There are many incidents in the story where Stevens and Kenton disagree over each others decisions or opinions, and most of them were not even worth quarrelling, which show a "notable relationship by far, however, is his long-term working relationship with Kenton. (Plot Overview)   Steven loves his father also but does not put it down in actions or words. "Stevens says that he will come up and see his father in a little while, but that his father would have wanted him to take care of his duties as a butler first. (Spark Notes 1) Steven knows that even his father would want him to do his duties towards his master first. Again loyalty comes in way of love between father and son.   John Rothfork, a critic, says, "For most of The Remains of the Day, Stevens feels that his tragic and wasted life resulted from mistaken loyalty, so that if he had backed a different horse or had played different cards, he would have been a winner instead a loser. (John Rothfork) There are two scenes in the movie which I really liked, and they are the best examples of Stevens putting forward his loyalty and backing up with his love. Scene one is when Kenton caught Stevens reading a romantic novel, the room has a dim lighting to create a romantic atmosphere. In this scene Kenton and Steven get so close, which calls for a kiss to express love, but Steven played a "different card by staying silent. Scene is two is when Steven goes to fetch a bottle of alcohol from the cellar for the dignitaries. After Steven return from the cellar, he hears the sound of tears from Kenton's room, so he slowly opens the door and go inside the room, and he finds that Kenton is crying. Instead of sympathizing Kenton, Steven told her about some dust which she should clean. This shows again that how Steven respects loyalty more than his love. But still there is love existing here, because if Stevens would not care about Kenton, he would not have entered the room.   Steven goes all the way to Cleveland to see Kenton, from outside he pretends that he is going to hire a Kenton as a housekeeper at Darlington Hall, but from inside he is more interested in seeing her, as they have not met from the last twenty years. "Although it might appear that end of the novel leaves Stevens a wreck, regretfully cynical of his misplaced trust, this is not the case. Stevens talks about hoping 'to make the best of what remains of my day,' in a tone that is not glum. (John Rothfork) Steven wants to lead his remains of day serving his new employer the way he (new employer) wants it to be. So Steven is trying to learn the language of "bantering to please his new employer and being loyal to him.   _____________________________________________   Citation   1. Spark Note 1, Summary, Day Two-Morning / Salisbury,   2. Spark Note 2, Analysis, Day One-Evening / Salisbury,   3. Plot Overview, Spark Notes,   4. John Rothfork, "Zen Comedy in Postcolonial Literature
 This is a great movie to watch in sections.  There is an onslaught of beautiful scene after beautiful scene with subtle brilliance by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson shining through.  The dynamic created by their characters is spectacular.  Anthony Hopkins does a better job in this movie than I have ever scene of someone remaining stoic in the face of situations that would rock anyone to his/her emotional core.  His character is constantly hiding from everyone including himself.  It really is a unique, stellar performance.  Watch this film.  You will not regret it.  The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because the movie feels just a little bit long (but if you watch it in sections it goes very smoothly).
 I found this dvd to be very interesting,as well as beautiful.The scenery and actors are superb,As a child of WWII survivor's,this really brought home,and to the screen,many of the stories that I have heard,for many ,many years.It made that time in history come alive for me.In many ways we can take those lessons and apply it to ourselves,in our times.I would advise those who are interested in seeing a beautiful well thought out feature with marvelous acting and scenery,and so true to life--this is for you.
 This movie has a great message.  It shows, how loyalty, to a profession, nullifies and does not allow for expression of any emotional involvement with others, whether that may be a family member or possible romantic interest.  It also shows, that one has to live with the choices one makes.  Hopkins, again, gives a star performance as Stevens, the British butler.  To me, it was sad to see how a "fanatic devotion to his work, did not leave any room for him to experience love.
 When a down and out Private Investigator (Mickey Rourke) has been hired by a slighty odd sinister man named Louis Cyphre (Two Time Oscar-Winner
 Full of atmosphere, style, and topped with a genuinely surprising ending,  Angel Heart  can be said with certainty to be one of the most underrated films of the past 20 years.  Perhaps it was the combination of Mickey Rourke and Alan Parket, two Hollywood outsiders (at best) or the controversy over the no-holds-barred sex scene between Rourke and Lisa Bonet...but there is real style and smarts under the surface of this one, not to mention some great imagery and a jazz soundtrack.  As steamy as summer in New Orleans, the influence of  Angel Heart  can be seen in movies as diverse and popular as  Sixth Sense  and  Seven. 
 I watched the film a few days ago and it seems to me that some reviewers cannot separate reality from fiction. If Paul B. does not like the characters played by the actors in the film, fair enough. But we have to give credit to the actors for their performance as  "scum of the earth because they do it very well. I admit that I did like the Character of Robert de Niro, good old Robert, always has the knack for picking peculiar characters and I found his part of the cool, creepy Lucifer hilarious.  Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke's) is hired by a New York Lawyer, Louis Cypher to track down a singer, Johnny Favourite who disappeared several years ago without paying his debt back to Cypher. Angel's search for Johny takes him all the way to New Orleans where he is suddenly caught up in a series of gruesome ritualistic murders.  As the film progresses Rourke's grubby Character becomes more and more dislikeable (we know now who Bruce Willis modeled himself on) with his self-obsessed attitude and obvious lust towards anything with a pair of ti.s and pretty face regardless of age or motherhood. You soon start to wonder how true is Harry's apparent innocence especially as he starts to become tormented by those violent "voodo-charged visions and flashbacks that take him closer and closer to his "true identity and that of those in Favourite's entourage. The film is atmospherically amazing with its haunting imagery of evil, sex, darkness, violence, horror that gives you an exotic picture of Parker's vision of Hell. The use of blood and violence is abundant but not abused which keeps the feeling of mystery throughout the film.  At the end of the film you will kind of think that Harry deserves everything he gets and understand why he is such an "as..ole". I couldn't help but finding it funny, almost ridiculous but it's a classic ending and it fits perfectly with the story even if it still leaves you with a few unanswered questions. It is definitely a cult film rather than a blockbuster, one of those films that you have to watch again to spot the details you missed. I can see how an American audience would not appreciate and why it would shock some viewers but for fans of Alan Parker, this would be another one to own from his diverse collection.
 Despite the fact that this movie virtually tiptoed in and out of the box office limelight when it was released, it is still a very watchable, and often scary detective style thriller. What seems a simple missing person case brings Mickey Rourke to steamy (and often seamy) New Orleans and Harlem in the fifties. Working for a curiously menacing but well spoken client called Loius Cyphre, played superbly by Robert De Niro, our gumshoe must dig and delve into the past and try and retrace the steps of the disappearance. Cleverly twisted, and at times a little hard to follow, it transpires that the aforementioned Mr Cyphre (Lucifer in case you missed it) is actually on a harvest of souls that have been previously owed. The closer O' Rourke gets to the truth, the more horrifying it becomes, for him and everyone around him, in a very suspenseful, and often quite disturbing way. A young Lisa Bonet appeared in a fairly graphic, explicit and questionable sex scene in the original movie, which brought much controversy upon it, but has been restored in the unrated version. Despite the unlikely 80's designer stubble sported throughout by our hero, being fashionable in even the shadiest areas of town in the 50's, O'Rourke plays his part extremely well, often bemused, and superbly portarying genuine fear at the revelations he uncovers. Sure to thrill any audience today who likes the supernatural/thriller/mystery drama, it's still highly watchable. Perhaps enjoy is the wrong word here, but worth a visit!
 I hated this when I saw it years ago.  On second viewing last weekend, I found it much more fascinating then I had realized, even more imaginative than I had recognized.  It is not a film to make one enjoy it or to feel "good or "happy since the plot is unpleasant, the characters pretty much reprhesible; but the exceptional acting by Rourke and DeNiro...Ah!!!!!!!!!  Even Lisa Bonet seemed better in the second viewing.  It was worth the two viewings; maybe a third down the road a piece.  And the ending...well, evil is punished as it should be, but so are the innocent.  How true to life that sometimes is.
 Set in the mid-1950s, sleazy private investigator Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is hired by mysterious Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to find a singer who owes him money. Enticed by a $5000 retainer, Angel's search leads him to a hospital which covered up the singer's release years ago, and then to New Orleans and bayou country where Angel's probe leads to voodoo worshipers and a trail of brutal ritualistic killings. Along the way, Angel manages a brief but raw encounter with the singer's young, sexy daughter played by Lisa Bonet.  The movie is entertaining to watch if you don't mind a little brutality and gore now and then, and has an interesting plot twist of deja vu and self-discovery. I did think that the glowing, piercing eyeball display on several characters at the end was silly and unnecessary, since an assoociation with the darker side of things had already been established. While De Niro's character appears mostly at the beginning and end, Rourke carries the film and gives the movie it's vitality. Charlotte Rampling also appears in a minor role.  The blu-ray transfer is mosly excellent but with typical grain in the blue/grey skies. Special features include comments by Rourke and director Alan Parker.  Tidbits
 I think the movie a psychological thriller which is a reaction to the idea of the modern society as "good.  The movie seems to hint at a deeper level of consciousness in which the average person see's good as bad and vice versa.  The "good man is a moralistic individual trying to forget his evil past.  In the end, it is the moral individual who goes to hell.
 Alan Parker at his most zapadacious.  Bling Blam Mickey Rourke zezzerfozzen!  Cinematography to set your grandmother's clock with the silly dragon painting the barn by. Although I don't really like pickles, I  loved this movie.  Frip.
 One of the greatest aspects about this film (to me) is that it is not quite a horror film, not quite a straight supernatural thriller and not totally a gritty detective movie either. It has elements of all three but does not stay consistently with the theme of any. The critics who called it "provocative and original were correct because if nothing else, _Angel Heart_ is indeed those two things. On the surface, the plot seems simple. A private investigator named Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is hired by Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to find a big band singer from the 1940s, Johnny Favorite. Angel is hesitant at first but he accepts the job because it pays well. From the beginning of the investigation, Angel learns that Favorite must have had plenty of secrets to hide. I don't want to give too much of the plot away so if you want to watch the film without knowing much about its twists and turns, don't read on. Anyhow, it seems that Favorite had powerful friends who took him out of the hospital he was staying at after the war and he disappeared. Because he had been badly injured, his face was still in bandages when he left so it was possible that Johnny didn't even look like Johnny anymore. As Angel probes deeper and deeper, dead bodies begin to pile up and Angel gets involved with Epiphany (Lisa Bonet), a voodoo priestess who could well be underhandedly included in a diabolical scheme with Favorite. In the film, Angel leaves New York for New Orleans to learn more about the occult practices Favorite was part of. This differs from the novel in which the setting stays in New York throughout. By the last twenty minutes of the film, the audience will discover the dark truth about Johnny Favorite at the same time (or maybe before if you've been paying attention) Angel does.  Mickey Rourke does an excellent job of portraying Harry Angel and Robert De Niro, though not an obvious choice for bringing to life the book's version of Louis Cyphre, is fantastic. De Niro plays Cyphre with such skill that even if you find the supernatural premise to be hokey or contrived, you will feel intimidated by his commanding prowess. As one reviewer already mentioned, the cinematography is excellent. The setting, lighting, and lack of bright, vibrant colors give the film a dark, noir feeling that it retains all the way through. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys trying to crack how movies will end, anyone who likes detective stories and anyone with an interest in the supernatural.
 I saw this and thought it was one of the "style over substance movies that were really beginning to emerge strongly back in the late 80s, though it was still fairly creepy. Nevertheless I've never really forgotten it, and was eager to see it again when I found it on DVD for $5.  It's 1955 [I TOTALLY did not remember it as taking place in the 50s] and Mickey Rourke is Harold Angel, low-rent private detective. He is hired by Robert DeNiro as Louis Cyphere to find a singer called Johnny Favorite. He has vanished, and DeNiro wants to know if he's still alive.  Already one can tell that this is a modern noir, what with the low-rent detective and all the shadows in the photography. Rourke finds that Favorite was checked out of the hospital he was supposedly in, and hunts down the doctor who was in charge. He interrogates him, then leaves for a while, and when he comes back the man is dead. So he begins to think that someone is following him, killing the people he talks to after he finds them. Upon hearing this, DeNiro ups the price to $5,000. Rourke's search leads him down to New Orleans, where he witnesses some creepy voodoo rituals and gets involved with the beautiful Lisa Bonet. Finally his search ends with a surprising revelation that really ruins his day.  If you've never seen it, that's all I can tell you. If you like spooky movies with lots of atmosphere [it's not really scary, just very creepy all the way through], you should definitely check this out. It has good performances, a fairly tight script, and a good twist at the end. Okay, bye!  SPOILERS > > >  Okay, now for the rest of us who have seen it... I was interested to see how this would hold up after all these years, and particularly after knowing what was coming. I'm pleased to say that--it does! In fact, it may have a little more power and poignancy, as if you DON'T know what's happening you have to look back on everything, and it seems to me that your real satisfaction comes from looking back on the movie afterward. If you do know what's coming, you can admire DeNiro's devilish [arr! arr!] sadism in making Harry hunt himself, and have a little more feeling for the clueless Harry as his blas&eacute; world weariness is slowly drained away and he begins to really panic over what's going on.  DeNiro was even better than I remembered [aside from looking HOT and exuding that whole `menacing mobster' thing that I like], especially after you know the story and realize that he is just toying with Harry from the start. His whole air of amused sadism and absolute still confidence really works. That said, in retrospect I think the movie kind of overdid the whole "I am Satan thing with the extended shots of his pentagram ring and long fingernails and cane and throne and especially the "this egg represents the soul"...CHOMP scene. I can see how those things might seem evocative if you were just trying to piece this whole thing together, but even so I think it could have done with less of them. There's a note in the IMDb trivia that says DeNiro was doing an imitation of Martin Scorsese in his performance, but it doesn't say where that information came from. Anyway, good one Robert!  Mickey Rourke is also fine. He handles his role without a hitch, but I think a lot of the mileage he gets out of it is due to the script and plot. Lisa Bonet is also on hand, presented in a very sexual way from the very beginning, when she appears in a wet t-shirt with her nipples out to HERE. And Charlotte Rampling is very well deployed as an imperious fortune teller, which works, as she seems so otherworldly anyway.  One of the things I remember from watching it the first time is--well, Lavern Baker's recording of "Soul On Fire, which has become a staple of my record collection--but also the extensive shots of FANS. At first I thought that was just a somewhat arbitrary piece of atmosphere, but in retrospect I think the fans receive a loving close-up [as opposed to just being around, as they are throughout] when Harry loses consciousness and becomes the person who is killing all of his informants. I would have to watch it again to make sure--which I'm not going to do for a while--but look for that and see what you think. My first clue about that was the shot showing the fan reversing direction shortly before Mickey finds the dead doctor.  I watched this with my boyfriend, who had never seen it, and he figured out the twist about five minutes before it is officially revealed, which I think is perfect--you figure it out on your own, which is fun, just before it is revealed, so you don't have too long of knowing the secret while the movie thinks you're still in the dark, which is annoying.  Anyway, it's still good! If you're interested in seeing how well it's constructed and admiring the performances in a way you can't really when you don't know what's going on, I'd definitely recommend giving this one another look.
 When originally released in the late eighties, this movie fizzled out of theatres faster than Rourke fizzled out of Hollywood. Although Rourke only had himself to be blame for a ruined career, this film owes its lack of early success to..well..coming out too early. After all, nineties blockbusters such as Silence of Lambs and Seven seemed to have borrowed heavily from it. A dark dreary backdrop didn't appeal to the eighties masses, who were all about wearing neon colors, driving red Pontiac Fieros, and watching Top Gun on VHS.  Thank the Lord for DVD because now we can rediscover this little lost relic that never found an audience in the eighties. Everthing about this film emotes the creeps. From chicken blood to Robert Deniro biting into an egg as if it were a human heart, there's more than enough to freak a person out.  DVD extras include interviews and commentary. Rourke's commentary is hilarious because he basically has nothing to say. He had so little to say, his commentary really amounts to nothing but a short interview.
 Superlative performances by Mickey Rourke, Robert DeNiro and Lisa Bonet in a downright dark story make this one creepy, albeit excellent movie.  The story line goes, Mickey Rourke's character is a PI hired to find a person who disappeared 14 years ago.  The story twists and turns and mixes in southern voodoo until it reaches a show-stopping climax. A little slow at times, which can make the complex plot tough to follow, but everything comes together in the end. Clearly one of the all time great underrated films.
 Angel Heart is what director Alan Parker envisioned a brilliant mixture of Raymond Chandler film noir mixed with the Gothic and occult. Mickey Rourke in one of his best performances plays Harry Angel. Angel is a private investigator very low on the food chain in Brooklyn. He only gets work based on his last name starting with the letter A. However a mysterious and dangerous businessman named Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) finds him and contracts him to track down a crooner from the thirties named Johnny Favorite. All Cyphre will tell Angel is that Favorite owes him big for a deal that was struck before Johnny hit it big. Cyphre wants to collect because he doesn't like  messy accounts. Cyphre isn't sure if Johnny is still "amongst the living since no one has seen him in over twelve years when one night he got in a car and disappeared. Angel begins his investigation in New York but soon relocates to New Orleans when it is obvious that the people behind Johnny's disappearance are heavily involved in voodoo and the occult. In New Orleans he meets Epiphany (Lisa Bonet) the daughter of a woman rumored to be Johnny's lover who is now dead. Epiphany has her own strange connection to Johnny and to voodoo as well but her and Angel begin a relationship. Cyphre comes to town and pretty soon Angel discovers what Cyphre really wants  and who he really is. This film is so atmospheric and has so many unusual shots that it really does get to you. Rourke is fantastic considering his lack of interest in the role as he reveals in the extras. Lisa Bonet in her first film and only nineteen years old is very sexy and actually a good actress. Her sex scene with Rourke is notorious and so good that it not only had to be trimmed to avoid an X rating but got her kicked off the Cosby show as well. De Niro with the exception of the Bonet nude scenes is the most perverse pleasure of the film. With his long nails, neat beard and long hair he is fascinating. It is pretty well known who he represents in the film but I won't give anything away. Two fun facts of trivia instead
 Mickey Rourke is a small-time private detective hunting for the whereabouts of a missing man on behalf of secretive client played by Robert DeNiro. A trail of gruesome murders and black magic take him from New York to New Orleans, to an alluring voodoo priestess played by Lisa Bonet and a truly shocking end.  Not for children or young teens - the original (uncut) version was edited to avoid an NC-17 rating due to explicit sex scene, and murders are of a brutal nature. However, the uncut version is definitely better than R-rated. Scenes are not gratuitous - this a very dark, creepy tale of evil with enough mystery that you want to watch to the very end to find out just what the hell is going on.  Excellent acting by Mickey Rourke - nobody else had the acting intensity to play this character in my opinion.  Good use of sinister lighting and images to give film a darker, creepier aspect throughout.
 A Faustian spin through post-war New York and Louisiana, 'Angel Heart' tells a very old story from a surprisingly original and wonderfully chilling angle. The plot, focusing on an increasingly violent missing person's case, is reasonably simple, but the backstory which triggers it is remarkably complex. When you reassemble the pieces at the end it does make sense, but only just. De Niro is superb as Louis Cyphre, the 'businessman' with some collateral to collect, infusing the role with just the right balance of sardonic humour and demonic threat. Mickey Rourke gives what will probably always be his best performance as Harry Angel, a shell-shocked war veteran and disheveled P.I. The supporting cast is excellent, especially Charlotte Rampling as an occultist, and Lisa Bonet as a teen voodoo witch. But the real star here is writer/director Alan Parker. He has an extraordinary talent for the simple but powerfully unsettling image
 For those of us who have long been obsessed with William Hjortsberg's unique merging of noir gumshoe and Satanic Horror (Falling Angel), this special edition of Alan Parker's film version is most welcome.  Personally I had been hoping that someone would put together a package like this for a long long time, since my original VCR and DVD editions had no extra material on them at all.  This one certainly makes up for it.  There is plenty here to keep fans happy.  Four short documentaries on voodoo, original behind the scenes footage, several original featurettes, and full text commentary by Parker and Rourke.  Parker's narrative is most forthcoming and insightful, and I really enjoyed having him talk the viewer through every scene, giving intimate background details which really evoke a sense of time and place, as well as some interesting observations on the working relationship between himself, Rourke and De Niro.  Parker also reflects on his dealings with the author and how Hjortsberg was kind enough to allow him to take a lot of liberty with the original text.  I can vouch for this as the film is vastly different to the novel, without losing the basic tenets of the story.  It's a pity Rourke himself is a lot less forthcoming in his analysis of the film and his role in it.  In fact he seems rather reluctant to speak at all, and one wonders why he even bothered.  This is a shame, as Rourke is an incredible actor and a unique enigmatic figure.  To me he will always be Harry Angel/Johnny Favourite, and I was always struck at how his real life experience to some extent mirrors that of the title character here.  Overall, the combination of period background material from 1987 in conjunction with the more recent (circa 2006-07) commentary makes for a really good package of what in my view is one of the best horror films of all time.
 No other film will ever give you the sensation felt at the end of this one!  Mickey Rourke stars in this scary as hell film of lost souls and dirty deals.  Rourke is a gritty private investigator that is hired by De Niro (The Devil) to go and track down a man named John Favorite.  Mickey follows the clues left behind by Favorite, and becomes more and more drawn into the man's past.  Every witness that Mickey interviews suddenly ends up horribly mutilated and without a trace of why!  I will noy give away the ending on this one! But I can say that it is plainly one of the scariest movies ever made, not with gore or anything stupid like  monsters , but phycologically, it contains an incredibly frightening premice.
 "Angel Heart is a very sordid story. I usually don't go for that sort of thing, but there are a lot of other good things about this movie that made me add this to my collection.  I just watched it last night, for the fourth time.  One of the attractions is the outstanding cinematography and camera-work in here, made even better by this special edition enhanced-for-widescreen DVD transfer. This is a film with big-time visual appeal and is wonderfully directed. I just marveled at what I was seeing, shot-after-shot.  I liked the old film-noir type atmosphere in the story, which is an interesting one overall.  There are no really good-guy characters in this film. Mickey Rourke plays the star of the movie
 Re- Hutzler review below*   I have the identical problem on my dvd where the vision freezes temporarily and the sound drops out during the transition between chapters 1 & 2, yes v.annoying! Seems OK elsewhere.   btw, being a  Special Ed.  I would like to have seen some extended scenes, alt takes or deleted scenes, as I know many were filmed but were edited out. An opportunity lost..   *Great Dvd, but........., July 25, 2004   Reviewer
 I admit picture and sound are exemplary but could someone out   there please clarify and or confirm a serious problem that I   have with my disc. Immediately following the director's credit   as the camera is moving out of the dark alleyway onto the busy   downtown N.Y. street filled with traffic the picture stops or    pauses  for a few seconds before moving forward. Has anyone   else encountered this problem? Help! please let me know as this   is a major debit for this film fan!
 I can't believe they went to all the trouble of transferring this to DVD and then didn't release the 'Not Rated' version! The R version is great, though, and I highly recommend it. It's fantastically filmed... very atmospheric.
 This is one of those few movies which you can watch more than once and it is probably advisable to do so.When seen again it becomes evident how well the various elements have been brought together to accentuate the story.The soundtrack,the use of surreal images and the acting indicate the depth of talent involved in this production. The choice of songs truly captures the era,but for me it is the background music used during Harry's flashbacks and his symbolic dreams that make the movie as far as the soundtrack is concerned.It creates the impression that there is a malevolent presence over Harry and that the case has initiated images of a past come back to haunt him. The flashbacks and surreal images make it a beautiful movie to watch and these images play on your mind as if they a making a psychological impact on yourself.These images are well timed and do not fragment the film nor does it come across as pretentious art. The actor's performances are very strong in this film and there is not one actor I feel I could criticise.Robert de Niro's cameo appearance is brilliant and he portrayed his character as being a man of mysterious origin and is utterly confident in himself.This portrayel of the Devil is preferable to Al Pacino's more animated and comedic Lucifer.Pacino's character seems to be engineered for mass appeal in a blockbuster movie while De Niro's is created for suspense and chill factors.Mickey Rourke is superb and it is a pity that we do not see him in more movies. Anybody wishing to view this movie should watch it again to analysis the story and only then can this production be truly appreciated.I gave this movie 8/10.
 Very well done. All the actors are very good, But Mickey Rourke is especially a stand out in this cast. He shines in this one. A combination HORROR/NOIR that will keep your attention and not "miss a beat. The special features have a very interesting current day interview with Mickey Rourke. Interesting time lines and locations. EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED!!
 A dark film noir tale of a New York City gumshoe (a young Mickey Rourke) who is sent down to the New Orleans area to track down a a big band crooner named Johnny Favorite but in doing so he gets involved in bigger things which includes meeting the supernatural (so film noir meets horror). His investigation eventually takes him to New Orleans where he encounters seedy night clubs, mysterious musicians, an angry patriarch with hired goons and the sensual Epiphany Proudfoot (played by Lisa Bonet), who is the daughter of a former lover of Johnny Favorite. You will have to watch this picture closely or maybe even more than once to pick up on all the details of the clue trail. Some will say they figured out the ending all along yet I suspect that number is lower than expected so some of said people are lying. Heh.  This film was adapted from the novel Falling Angel by William Hjortsberg. Some very interesting minor characters are included in this film, unlike many others. I really liked the couple on the beach near Coney Island, especially the husband. Lisa Bonet's controversial sex scene led to her dismissal from the oh so popular family comedy TV show, "The Cosby Show or so some say. In her day she was a young clean sex symbol and people weren't happy when she did this picture. The interracial sex scenes may have been an issue as well back in the conservative 80s. The budget for this film was $17M but it only made a tad over that number at the Box Office (IMDB).  CINEMATOGRAPHY
 This is one of the best unsung movies to come out of Hollywood. Mickey Rourke and Robert DeNiro at their best. Got a little scare when the DVD stalled and we had to restart it, but it worked the second time.
 This is a great movie. In my opinion Underrated at the time it was released. The Blue Ray disc has a kind of 3D quality that takes away from the film look, but that could be the settings on my TV. The sound quality is very good.
 Indeed the Devil does care in this flick. Another oddball movie that stirred a bit of controversy and i think got evil enough to scare the actors themselves. Diabolical. Mickey Rourke is an amateur in this, but not bad, really, it's worth watching just for DeNiro playing Satan.
 Top Stars for a great drama with lots of thrills. Love The Black Magic perspective. Bounty Hunter with an attitude!
 Alan Parker (Pink Floyd
 Here's a movie that combines suspense, creepiness, and violence. It's shortly after World War II. A New York detective goes in search of a missing person, on behalf of a mysterious client who claims that this person owes him a huge debt.  The detective makes his way to New Orleans, visiting a world that is now mostly gone.  Like Chinatown, this movie takes you to places that you never imagined at the beginning.  The end is unforgettable.  And the music is not only good, but enhances the peculiar, atmospheric quality of this strange film.
 This movie mixes the genres of a mystery, horror, and the paranormal into one very odd but very satisfying movie.  It contains explicit violence and sex, so kiddies should not really see this movie.  The movie also caused a scandal for (at the time) Cosby girl Lisa Bonet. Mystery man Robert Deniro hires gumshoe Mickey Rourke to find a man who owes him a really big debt.  Big surprise twist in the end!  Heartbreaking scene when Rourke actually finds the man.  Mickey Rourke has been in many [bad] movies, but this is one of his best.  He gives a great performance.  Deniro is pretty scary in the end also. Give this movie a chance.
 It appears Asylum is into the mega/super shark movie business, apparently having invested in a prop or graphic that still hasn't paid for itself. What is the size of this thing? Initially (see front cover) this thing attacks and swallows two skiers whole. Then the next thing you know a far smaller version has a hold of a guy's leg while he attempts to punch it in its nose. In one scene it has a hold of an underwater diver's leg then in the next frame the diver is swimming away with no visible damage to the leg. And how does something this big do shallow water attacks?  Once we get past the typical Asylum bad production stuff, we have a decent "B- grade shark movie. The sound track was fairly decent. I like the metal to give the film a grindhouse feel. A crew of hard body college students get stranded on what could be "Gilligan's Island in the South Pacific, one that had former residents. They talk about shark feeding frenzies and cannibals. Girls in bikinis and guys with developed pecks. The island shows signs of fairly recent habitation and is manicured. There are boats that need repair at a dock. Once fixed they can be used for rescue or for boat races to litter the sea with shark food. To add to their woes, the tropical paradise is subject to tremors. The shark special effects ranged from laughable (head on 2 headed shark swimming) to pretty decent (stock footage of a real shark). Ample cleavage shots of Kate (Brooke Hogan) throughout the entire film (Hulk's daughter who also can't act).  Island tremor special effects consisted of rumbling noises, camera shaking, and people falling down. The funny part was the scenes of people being eaten. The second head added the needed camp cheese for the film that was missing in "Super Shark".  F-bomb, girls kissing/groping, nudity (Anna Jackson, Amber English)
 By far the most accomplished (and, it appears, expensive) movie in The Asylum's b- and c-movie library, "2-Headed Shark Attack establishes early on its intention to be a valentine to cheesy movie lovers, and delivers well on that promise.  Director Christopher Douglas-Olen Ray has learned the craft well from his father Fred (director of genre faves "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers and "Evil Toons"). He's loaded the film up with bikini babes, guys with washboard abs, stupid dialogue and, gloriously, copious gory 2-headed shark attacks. He even finds room for a lesbian nude scene, which he ends with the most memorable shark-kill in the film.  "Sliders"-and-nothing-else star Charlie O'Connell is (yeah, he wishes) a college professor who is married to (yeah, he wishes) Carmen Electra, who is (yeah, she wishes) a doctor. The two take a bunch of sexy ninnies on a "Semester at Sea field trip for some unspecified class, but all those hot coeds would rather (surprise, surprise) go skinny dipping instead.  Helen Keller could see where this is going.  The 2-headed shark appears out of nowhere (and indeed exists for no reason other than it's the film's titular star) and starts eating people who, conveniently enough, tend to fall into the water two at a time.  After their boat stalls, the prof and his hapless crew find themselves beached on an atoll which looks like an abandoned Gilligan's Island and which is, preposterously, slowly sinking.  Of course, it's no spoiler to reveal that all the ninnies get eaten, the two plucky outcasts win in the end, and that there are plot holes even a three-headed shark could easily swim through. One literal one involves a gigantic hole the group comes upon on the beach, wonders about for a little while, then moves on. What is it? I don't know. It's never seen or mentioned again. I'm gonna lose sleep over that one.  Anyway, The Asylum's obviously spent more money on this movie than its previous DTV flicks, suggesting it's investing its earnings from its earlier cheapies in making slightly better films, which is a positive thing, to be sure. The shark effects are quite passable, much better than The Asylum's "Mega Shark sillies, and the extra dough spent on location shooting and some good helicopter shots serve the film well. Even the sinking atoll effects are convincing, even if the reason it's sinking isn't.  While "2-headed Shark Attack succeeds well as a DTV b-movie time waster, its greatest success is that it's the Asylum's best example of el-cheapo movie making that exposes its big-budget brethren for the foolish films they are. Nationally released "Shark Night is just as poorly made, but not nearly as fun as "2-headed Shark Attack. The Asylum's "Princess of Mars cost a tiny fraction of Disney's quarter-billion-dollar monstrosity "John Carter and is every bit as pulpy. And I can't wait for The Asylum's upcoming "Abraham Lincoln Vs. the Zombies to show Hollywood that it doesn't need to pay Tim Burton megabucks to make something silly, preposterous and enjoyable.  A rare four stars from me for an effort by The Asylum that's actually worth the DVD's cover price.
 Look, this isn't winning any awards in any universe, parallel or otherwise. It's craptacular and it has what you expect from the new age of b-movie schlock
 for me and my family we thought this was good due to the special afects they put into this. we thoght of this as a good movie.
 I love terrible movies, so Asylum is, as you may well imagine, one of my favorite studios.  Anytime I pop in a movie and see "The Asylum listed in the opening credits, I know I'm in for a treat.  That said, their movies tend to be rather average as far as terrible movies go.  Every once in a while they put out a real gem like their version of Sherlock Holmes or 30,000 Leagues Under the Sea, which really go above and beyond in the way that awesome terrible movies should, but for the most part you know exactly what you're getting into with one of these, and 2 Headed Shark Attack is no exception.  You go in expecting a terribly animated two headed shark eating its way through scantily clad co-eds whose acting skills are about on par with your local college's rendition of Macbeth.  And that is exactly what you get.  And it is just as awesome as you would expect.  If you think that sounds awesomely stupid, then you'll like the movie.  If you think it just sounds stupid, then you should probably stick to whatever hideous dramas you usually watch instead and leave the awesome two headed sharks who ride tidal waves across an island (excuse me, atoll) to those of us who appreciate things of such caliber.  The plot of the movie involves a college class in something or other which is on a sea cruise (for educational purposes, of course!) with the stupidest professor who ever lived and his Carmen Electra.  I mean wife.  Anyway, they hit the most poorly animated dead mega-mouth shark that has ever existed, poke it with a long stick, and somehow make a hole in their hull, so they head for a nearby atoll.  Unbeknownst to them, the area is home to a two headed shark whose origins are never even guessed upon in the movie.  It just exists and no one questions it.  The professor suggests that they look around for... scrap metal... on an uninhabited tiny island.  Which goes about as well as you would expect.  Then the island starts collapsing into the sea for no reason while the shark eats everyone.  Did I mention that the island (sorry, atoll) is magical and constantly changes sizes and shapes depending on the angle they are filming at?  One second it is about the size of a shopping mall, and the next you see it in the background and it looks like the coast of Florida.  And then it sinks and later is back above water so it can sink several more times.  It is glorious.  In short, who cares what the plot is.  The more ridiculous the better.  And this is certainly ridiculous.  All that you really need to know is that a bunch of hot girls who packed nothing but bikinis are stranded on a deserted island with a couple amazingly stupid roiding jocks (which makes for awesome dialog, by the way, such as one of them excitedly shouting "Protein! when a giant squid washes up on shore) being hunted down by a giant two headed shark that roars like a lion.  What more do you want from this movie?
 I have to see anything that has Shark in the title so I couldn't wait for this one.  It was surprisingly enjoyable.  I don't usually laugh during horror movies but I giggled throughout this ridiculous thing.  The acting is truly horrible, like 1st grade play awful.  The shark changes size throughout the movie.  First it's the size of a speed boat or even bigger then it sneaks up on some boobs in 3 feet of water!  If you're into cheesy movies and don't mind nudity then you have to rent this.
 Starring
 While I consider this the best of all the Dick Tracy serials I have to say it's not faithful to the comics. To begin with Tracy was changed from a police officer to a FBI agent for all four films. None of the characters from the comics except Tracy himself appear in all 4 serials. Even Tracy's sweetie Tess Trueheart had her name changed to Gwen for the first 3 serials. And Gwen was played by 3 different & very unattractive actresses to boot! The final serial saw this lady's name changed again this time to June Chandler. At least June is played by a very beautiful blonde actress named Jan Wiley. The Ghost wasn't a villain from the comics but he may as well have been. He's every bit as bizarre & deadly as the Mole Pruneface Flattop etc. His ability to make himself invisible makes him even more fascinating! The serial also has some of the best cliffhangers I've ever seen. Be sure to check this one out! It's the best of the batch!
 Sort of miss these guys. Let's face it, they were a good grunge / alternative act. 'Live At The Metro' is a good twenty-two song DVD that's sure to fully satisfy any true fan. The gig was taped on September 27, 1995. Soon there after, vocalist Shannon Hoon was found dead on the tour bus from a drug overdose, effectively ended the band's career. Have to respect that. I mean, at least they don't vow to go on, like Inxs does. Tracks of this performance that I thoroughly enjoyed were "Tone of Home", "Soak The Sun", "Lemonade", the unforgetable "No Rain", "Paper Scratcher and Lou Reed's "After Hours". Picture quality on this DVD is really quite good. Check out the wide angle shots when several patrons are being passed over the crowd like that of a lifeless dummy. It's ironic, because when I saw the band, a year eariler, I remember the EXACT same behavior from the crowd. One thing you might notice about a Blind Melon concert, they sure know how to charm their audience. During a couple of songs,I thought they sort of sounded like Jane's Addiction. You'll see what I mean when you see this DVD. A should-have.
 This is a great DVD. They play their favorite song "No Rain". I just wish Shannon Hoon (lead singer) didn't get his hair cut so short.
 This is a great live show.  I would recommend this if you liked the band, and if you don't, well then, you don't know what you're talking about and why are you wasting time reading this review- go search for Maneudo you pansy!  Anyway, this was a small venue show and really does a great job of capturing the feel and the energy that was in the room that night.  I wish I could have been there.  You really get to see how talented they were as a band and how truly strange Shannon Hoon really was. He was a great loss to the music world.
 "Alphaville does rely pretty heavily on a wide source of literature (Orwell, Huxley and French surrealism being the obvious influence), however it is Godard's entrancing visual style and clever blend of high art and pop culture that makes this film seem so refreshing and prophetic.
 Great overall movie, especially for the sound and light.Good for architectural college students and architects too. If there is a list of the movies recommended based on the browser history that will be even better.
 It's a great movie and this is a decent price for this rarity. My only complaint is that it's in French with no option of subtitles. Thankfully I've seen it before and know the story, so no harm done and I'll keep it. But unless you're fluent in French (and you should be, it can come in handy) I'd just keep looking for Mr. Lemmy Caution with some little words flashing across the bottom of the screen.
 This remarkable film defies genre conventions as casually as its hero encounters oddity after oddity in the strange other-world of Alphaville. Filmed on the cheap, the use of street signs and neon lights defamiliarizes the standard "city at night"and reshapes it to unusual effect. Alphaville is a town where love is prohibited, where yes means no, where political assassinations are orchestrated like sporting events. It happens to be run by a computer that will challenge our hero (Lemmy Caution -- what a great name!)to an interview in which our rough looking protagonist reveals himself to have the soul of a poet. This marks him as especially suspicious. The influence of this super-computer on Kubrick's HAL9000 is unmistakeable. If you've done any reading at all in the work of influential French philosophers of the 1960s (Foucault, Barthes, Derrida) you'll pick up on dozens and dozens of clever, even witty, references to their ideas in this film. Visually noteworthy are the circling movements that characters and cameras make, often delightfully disorienting. A pity that Criterion has lost the rights to this title -- One can only hope that it will not long be out of print, and that any subsequent editions will be as clean and crisp. Buy this while you can!
 Interfusing science-fiction with noir, this French picture, directed by Jean-Luc Godard, acted as an influential foundation for the style and tone with which Ridley Scott directed his classic genre epic, Blade Runner. Despite its other-planetary setting, Godard shot every scene on location in France, and did so without the help of visual effects or large set pieces. A true original, Alphaville seems to steer clear of most genre themes, using only the future and a fictional planet as its sci-fi foundation. As one may have rightly assumed, the Criterion print delivers an uncanny package for a modest classic.
 "Alphaville (1965) is directed by Jean-Luc Godard (Breathless). It is witty take on sci-fi, and film noir. This is a sci-fi film with no special effects except for the polarized images towards the later part of the film which seem to represent the view of, and the failure of, the computer Alpha 60. This is a film about films that is referencing a number of genres. It is also a film of ideas. It is about the suppression of the human will by systems that demand order. Most of the people in the film, except for the lead character, Lemmy Caution (Eddie Constantine), are either robots or humans that have been drained of free-will. Lemmy is a pulp character that Eddie Constantine has played in previous movies who represents a kind of virulent, rebellious life force. The fascist computer that oversees everything is Alpha 60, and it has outlawed thought and feeling. People are executed for crying, or feeling compassion for another person. It is a book of surrealist poetry that Caution reads from that facilitates in the opening of the doors of thought and feeling, and eventually destroys Alpha 60. Faux-quotations from Paul Eluard's book "The Capital of Pain represents an opposition to the role of logic imposed on the inhabitants of Alphaville. The use of poetry to open up human emotion also references back to Cocteau's 1950 film "Orpheus where Orphee's recovery of his poetic powers results in his victory over Death. Another source for Godard and his stylistic construction of this film are the writings of Jorge Luis Borges, who weaved stories together from various genres. Many of the quotes in the movie are from Borges own writings, such as "A New Refutation of Time", including the opening line of the film.  References throughout the film emphasize this technocratic dictatorship as a lifeless world inhabited by zombie like beings, or by the living dead. Caution notes that teeth of a girl are small, and pointy, like those of a vampire. Professor Von Braun, the creator of Alphaville, is also know as Leonard Nosferatu (a reference to director F.W. Murnau's 1922 film). In a reference to Cocteau's "Zone de la mort people stagger down corridors or cling blindly to walls when Alpha 60 is destroyed.  This DVD is presented in a 1.33
 Alphaville is both a strikingly original film, and a Sci-Fi clich&eacute;. There is no linear form taken in the unraveling of the story, but that's what allows this film to work. The idea of technology taking over man has been a staple of Sci-Fi since Lang's Metropolis (1927), but in Godard's hands it all becomes an odd, cerebral journey. Godard used great locations in Paris that look futuristic, and the absence of special effects only heightens the films unwillingness to be normal. The performces are good, and Anna Karina's face can say or mean just about anything it's so beautiful and mysterious. The cinematography by Coutard is good as always. Alphaville is to Sci-Fi, what A Woman is a Woman (1961) is to the musical; it's Godard's own unique take on a genre, and that's always worth the price of admission.
 As a great admirer of Dave Matthew's song writing and performing abilities it was a real treat to listen to this excellent double cd of an acoustic show that he and fellow guitarist Tim Reynold's performed at Radio City back in 2006. There are some fantastic versions of songs like stay or leave, crush, lie in our graves, two step and also there is a beautiful rendition of the Neil Young classic 'down by the river'. Also included are a few rare tracks such as sister, still water and eh hee. The quality of the recordings is excellent, though my only criticism with the production is that there is some talking and chatter that if edited out would have made the cd flow more smoothly. Apart from that it is a fantastic collection of DMB and Dave's solo songs.
 Great production and even if you don't know this artist and you love acoustic music concerts, this is a great one.
 Overall an excellent live performance.  Dave puts togehter an incredible set mostly comprised of his deeper/moodier songs.  The integration on these two disks is great, the songs flow from one to the next seemlessly.  It almost as if this performance reflects your own mood.  If your happy, it will come of as uplipting.  If your in a bad place, these songs will allow you to wallow in it, as they seem darker.  Tim Reynolds is always incredible, these guys make great music together.  My only beef is that Dave gets a little preachy... talking about Iraq and other issues.  Sometimes you just want him to shut up and play.
 I've seen Dave and Tim twice. Once at Radio City in 2003 and at West Point the same year. Maybe having seen those shows makes me biased, but in my opinion Dave's singing sounds a little flat on this recording during some of the classics like #41, Bartender, Grace is Gone and Lie on Our Graves. Compared to Luther College Dave almost sounds like he's a bit bored or just going through the motions at times and as others have said, Tim doesn't shine on this recording. Fortunately, the new tracks are very good and there's plenty still to enjoy.  For the DMB fans out there who have a collection of shows which might include some D&T recordings from the past, this set might be a little disappointing. It doesn't compare to the Boone performance from 2003 widely available thru legal trading for example where Dave sings with amazing energy and Tim shines as the guitar virtuoso that he is. This one is still worth picking up, but it's not the best example of a D&T show out there.
 This is great. I mean a must have for any DM fan especially with Tim Reynolds' accompanyment. However, Dave treats this performance as a Storytellers X 10 type of show. Beautifully treated tunes are interrupted by minutes (sometimes over 10)of speech- while Tim probably showers & naps before being cued for the next one. The bathroom lines must have been great with all the down time but it's one of those DVD's you wished had the 'songs only' menu.
 As always, Dave rocks.  Did not received 5 stars because it does not have the lyrics.
 To me the Cortez the Killer version of Neil Young's song in Central Park needs to be on BluRay and many disks will be sold!
 This is a very nice sounding BD. If you have a quality HT system to enjoy this, this gets even better.  This BD houses Lossless audio at a 24bit/96hz! The sound is captured at its best and you can hear the distinctive sounds from both guitar players. The vocals are also very well mastered. It feels almost as if you are there in the live concert.  I am not a big fan of Dave in general, so I gave it 4/5 stars. But, if I was, it's an easy 5/5! I'd more of avid Jazz fan, and Chris Botti BD excels in that regard. But then again, I really enjoyed this BD also.. So, be your own judge..
 I think this is a fine release.  The comment that "Tim doesn't shine on this one as he does on Luther College is absolutely true.  But more than this, Luther had an innocent, fun quality.  This release sounds more of experience.  The more recent songs work surprisingly well in their acoustic form.  The "too much talking comment is also absolutely true.  Davespeak was once fun and funny and we couldn't get enough of it...but that was then.  Now that we are experienced...
 All in all a great concert captured quite well on Blu-Ray.  Tim Reynolds is a phenomenal guitarist and his solos are quite entertaining as well as his work with Dave Matthews.  The Blu-Ray pircture is slightly soft but not distracting.  While I'd like there to be a bit more use of the surrounds, the Dolby TrueHD mix sounds very natural, not the least bit harsh.  Bottom line, the disk sounds great on Blu-Ray using the Dolby lossless mix.  I briefly tried the 2 channel PCM mix and it sounded quite good as well.  I'd have rated this disk 4.5 stars but this option is not available.
 Great quality audio and video here. Dolby True HD doesn't automatically default, so you need to set it in the home screen on each disc. Also, the quality of audio on the homescreen is very fuzzy and sounds terrible, however once you play the first song on the disc, the sound improves significantly. Video quality is outstanding in HD. Highly recommend if you like Tim Reynolds.
 I liked the way Dave and Tim were doing with their guitars. It is amazing what you can do just with 2 guitars. The blu-ray format is incredible. I won't write too much about Dave's singing skill. There are plenty of them. But just assure you that you will not regret your purchase, if you like good vocal, realistic lyrics and good guitar playing...
 I have truly enjoyed listening to this CD.  It has many different versions of his most popular songs.  He has a great sense of humor in this particular performance, and the acoustics are sensational.  I believe anyone that likes Dave Matthews Band would enjoy this CD.
 Is Disney afraid of a lawsuit?  They sponser gays rights and open their doors to Disney Land speacially for gays when they say they are a family oriented business. Why not put a classic film back on the selves and let the public decide if they want to buy it or not. You can not please everyone and no matter how hard you try someone always gets offended. PUT IT ON VIDEO!!!!
 DISNEY, WHATS WRONG WITH YOU !  Michael Eisner. Walt made this wonderful film.  It won an academy award.  It starred some wonderful actors, both black and white.  Michael Eisner should be ashamed to withdraw this wonderful fantasy from public viewing.  Eisner is ruining Disney and its reputation.  The Uncle Remus story's are timeless and will outlive Eisner.  Unfortunately, Eisner and his comittment to Political Correctness keeps this enchanting film from the public.
 "Song of the South is such a beautiful movie for young people to see,and why is it not available any more.Is it because ignorant liberal Hollywood Disney management has lost touch with common sense when it concerns the American people.This movie is not offensive,it is a wonderful movie about love,friendship,great songs,and nature's beautiful forest animals.Disney management...your blind and you don't even know it.Maybe if this movie were more violent you would make it available.Keep up the good work.
 The 16 animated shorts on this DVD represent a wide array of animation styles, all Academy Award winners and nominees from 1978-1990. They are
 If there is any confusion between this DVD and 'The Complete Works of Bill Plympton', relax, this is very nearly the same DVD.  The "Classic Works differs from "Complete Works in that it is a more complete version than the previous VHS and DVD editions of "Plymptoons". The director's commentary, which was badly needed in the first transfer to DVD, finally makes an appearance in this version. Bill's commentary is the reading of some notes at the beginning of each short, some technical, some biographical, all interesting in spite of the monotone in which it is delivered. But, hey, Bill never claimed to be an actor. This version also has a few more 'extras' in the form of a stills gallery. The gallery has some key frames, as well as concepts passed over from "25 Way to Quit Smoking". Also, at the end of "Plymptoons 1990 there is a little extra film footage. There are also a few additional shorts in the 'Rarities' section.  This version is also more NC-17 than the older releases, which are more PG. NOTHING Bill does should ever be called PC, so please don't expect moments of happy smiley crap to come floating out of the screen. The interviews are frank, with some colorful language and explicit footage of some of his later works. For those wishing to encourage the younger animator, the "Complete Works version is much better suited for the younger audience.
 Thanks to frequent exposure on MTV and several touring animation festivals, Bill Plympton's distinctive style is now widely recognized, even if the man behind the pencil isn't.  While it's not really 'the complete works,' this DVD collects an hour's worth of his early short films, from his cut-out animation piece  Lucas, The Ear of Corn  from 1977 to 1990's  Plymptoons,  a medley of his numerous 'microtoons' that were featured regularly on MTV's  Liquid Television.  He earned a 1988 Oscar nomination for Best Animation with  Your Face,  a musical short scored and sung by Maureen McElheron (who Plympton would work with again on his feature film  The Tune ). For the sake of completeness, we also get his television commercials for  Trivial Pursuit  and  Nutrasweet,  a public service message on acid rain (another MTV staple), and his 1987 TV pilot for  Love In The Fast Lane,  a series that never got picked up.  Whether you already know the man's work, or you just enjoy attending animation festivals, this disc is a decent showcase of some of his short films.  For more by Bill Plympton, check out  Mondo Plympton,  which features more of his recent work.
 You either love these cartoons or you hate them, but I use them when doing lectures or presentations.  As examples or parodies, they work well.
 This is a very well-written film with strong performances by an excellent cast. If you are a racing fan, you will like the film all the more. The race track scenes have a very authentic feel to them and were clearly shot at real tracks with real crowds. It takes me back to my teen years when I spent a lot of time at race tracks. I love the big, bouffant hairdos of the ladies. You can almost smell the hairspray, racing fuel, and rubber! Pop some popcorn, sit back, and enjoy this DVD!
 Probably the best racing movie I have seen. Most of them start to bore me when they get to soapy with the love stories, but that isn't the case here. We watch one family that are moonshiners go through the father being arrested and the two sons trying to pay the bills and keep the farm running for the year he is away. Junior Johnson is an excellent driver and ends up racing cars at the track to keep the family afloat. Good acting by Jeff Bridges, Gary Busey, Valerie Perrine, Ned Beatty, and the rest the cast. Fine directing by Lamont Johnson and good story and consulting by Tom Wolfe. Worth at least a rental, but if you enjoy NASCAR movies this probably should be added to your library. If you enjoyed this catch "Six Pack".  CA Luster
 I have not read the Tom Wolfe essay this story is apparently based on, but as a film it works quite well.  Jeff Bridges, looking like a rougher member of the Beach Boys, is effective as a young guy from a small-town moonshining family, who decided he's going to take the world by storm as a champion driver.  Great supporting cast includes Ned Beatty, Gary Busey, and Valerie Perrine.  Kind of a cross between Monte Hellman's Two-Lane Blacktop and Rebel Without a Cause.  And understand that you don't have to be a NASCAR enthusiast to enjoy the film - it's just a great drama.
 Recently got tagged pretty hard with a slew of unhelpfuls when I lodged my entry to the Steve McQueen film '<a href="http
 Being a nascar fan I had pleasure following the career and familiar ways of the "hero"...
 This DVD shows Bobby Short at his best.  He is really the last of the great "cafe society entertainers.  The songs selected are terrific and the fact that his audience is shown around the piano makes the whole event quite wonderful.  You have the feeling that you are actually in attendance.
 I have seen this band twice live and this DVD is a nice way to relive those memories.  The music is great and the film makes it fill like your right there.  I would have liked to seen more shots of the crowd and the bar but overall I loved it!!
 Good video, like being at the club (except the room was lit up a little more; understandable). The acoustic bonus track was no "bonus though. Would have preferred something else (interview would have even been better).
 I saw this movie serveral years ago on T V and just fell in love with the story of a loud mouth girl from the wrong side of the tracks that fall's in love with the handsome GQ guy of her dreams. The love story is sweet and the actors are all good. I was so happy to see that I could get it on DVD and watch it whenever I like rather then hoping to stumble upon it on cable.
 So we all know the classic cheesey 80s movies...from the rat pack movies like "Sixteen Candles to the others like "The Secret of My Success and "Working Girl. If you're looking for another romantic comedy, this is a true gem from that genre. And yeah, I know it's from the early 90s, but really, let's be honest, sometimes you can't tell the difference. So we all know it's no Oscar/Academy Award winning movie. And maybe it's  predictable too. But there is something to be said for a cute movie that just makes you smile. Another plus is that it stars a young Dylan McDermott. He's pretty adorable and yeah, he smiles a lot, but it's all part of what makes this movie endearing. And now, after seeing this movie, I'm suddenly a fan of his. I've seen my share of random 80s flicks both good and bad and this one really surprised me. So take a chance on this one.
 Although not a great film, Jersey Girl is a well-done -- and very enjoyable -- version of the classic Cinderella story. In this case Cinderella (played by beautiful Jami Gertz) is a very pretty but very unsophisticated girl from New Jersey who sets out to find a Prince Charming in Manhattan. She succeeds in meeting him by accidentally wrecking his new Mercedes with her dilapidated Volkswagen. The subsequent events in their developing relationship are similarly unconventional, and even nearly disastrous. Nevertheless -- as it must in any good telling of the Cinderella story -- love wins out in the end. This movie isn't quite on a par with Pretty Woman, but it is an awful lot of fun.
 Jami Gertz is perfect, just luminous as a flashy, loud single girl from blue-collar Jersey looking for a rich Mr. Right.  She meets the man of her dreams when she causes a car accident with his fancy car.  I love her clothes, her hair and nails, her mannerisms.  Her girlfriends are just fab with their own big hair and brassy personalities. I know these people and I like them; every town has it's own Jersey girls.  The story is one that's been told many times but this one is more fun to watch and has great heart.  I just wonder where the Bon Jovi music was because that's the music these girls would have listened to.
 This movie is very sweet and you gotta love Dylan McDermott. Even though the movie was filmed in the early 90's ~ it brings back a little bit of nostalgia ~ wardrobe that is ~ especially if you were born and raised in Jersey!  All Jersey Girls will love this movie.
 I love this movie! It's a wonderful, love story. Probably one of my favorite movies. I actually recorded this movie thinking it was the other Jersey Girl movie with Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck. I totally liked this one better. The girls voice was completely annoying, along with her choice of style. But all in all, this movie is amazing =]  and for the guy i'm assuming who would make such a comment  saying its a fantasy and no guy in their right mind would give up money for some trailer park looking chick, THATS why its a movie NOT reality...
 Found it surfing the cable channels - but - hope they release it on DVD - I'm done buying VHS tapes.............
 One night in Detroit, during a shoot-out at a chop shop, Detroit cop Axel Foley sees his boss, Inspector Douglas Todd, getting killed by a well dressed man. Using his last breath, Inspector Todd tells Axel to get the man who shot him, and Axel says that he will do that. Axel does some looking around, and finds the killer's vehicle at Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California. In Beverly Hills, Axel is reunited with his friend Billy Rosewood, who tells Axel that John Taggart is now retired and living in Arizona. Billy is now the deputy director of operations for joint systems interdepartmental operational command (JSIOC). Billy also has a new partner named Jon Flint. The action is good. Beverly Hills Cop III is a good enough sequel, just not as good as the others.
 I didn't think it was that bad! I love that it takes place at an amusement park! When his boss, Inspector Todd is killed, Axel goes back to Beverly Hills to find the killer that works at Wonderworld. It mostly has action and suspense than it does comedy. I highly recommend BEVERLY HILLS COP III!!!
 Detroit detective Axel Foley(Eddie Murphy) comes back to Beverly Hills to conduct an investigation at an amusement park. This most recent installment was directed by John Landis,whose previous credits include THE BLUES BROTHERS,ANIMAL HOUSE,OSCAR and TRADING PLACES,the latter which starred Murphy. Many of the cast from the first two films had bowed out of this installment. Judge Reinhold reprises his role of Beverly Hills officer Billy Rosewood. Axel learned that Billy's partner John Taggart,portrayed by John Ashton,had retired from the force to move to Arizona with his wife and kids(he was separated from them during the second film) and concentrate on his passion for golf. John's brother Joey Travolta,who hails from Engelwood,New Jersey like his brother and Murphy appears in this film. This film came to theatres around March 1994,nearly a decade since the release of the first film. I figure Paramount wanted Landis to have a turn since Martin Brest and Tony Scott already had theirs. I wonder if Eddie had a bunch of friends who worked for Paramount Pictures. He starred in many other Paramount properties including 48 HRS.(his starring debut),its sequel ANOTHER 48 HRS.,THE GOLDEN CHILD,COMING TO AMERICA,BEST DEFENSE,HARLEM NIGHTS,BOOMERANG and others.
 This video gives one opinion about the 7 day theory which I found very interesting and I believe is on the right track. This movie makes you want to tell people about His coming. Irma
 51 minutes long without credits. Would have given 5 stars if the first 25 minutes were cut and it had subtitles.  A very different way of looking at biblical times lines.
 <a href="http
 The 1935 comedy A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is a grab bag of a movie that includes physical gags, verbal gags, a romantic subplot, backstage intrigue, an operatic aria, an elaborate dance number, stunts, absurdity, and sentimentality.  The main attraction is, of course, the patented zaniness of The Marx Brothers -- the acerbic Groucho, the mute Harpo, and the dim-witted Chico -- whose unique brand of comedy is often edgy, subversive, and even surreal and other-worldly.  Count me as one of those who thinks that such style of comedy loses some edge in A NIGHT AT THE OPERA, where the comic trio seem out of place in a methodical plot, realistic settings, and among ordinary people.  These mundane elements are also, surprisingly, engrossing enough to often upstage the comedians.  Groucho's usual anti-establishment stance also seems softened in order to give way to crowd-pleasing sentimentality.  The Marx Brothers, like Jacques Tati, are creators of their own comic universes, and that's where they need to inhabit, such as in the whimsical delight DUCK SOUP, the Brothers' previous film, where their presence is more dominant.  With that said, A NIGHT AT THE OPERA does have some of most memorable gags in the Brothers' history.  A verbal confusion with Santa Claus, a tiny room cramped with 15 people, mixing opera with baseball, and Harpo's stunts with the ropes are some of the highlights. The new Warner DVD of A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is encoded for Region 1 and 4, and has a cleaner video transfer than I expected considering the age of the film.  Obviously, a video restoration has been done, as were the cases for many of recent Warner DVDs of old movies.  The original mono audio is fine, save for some age-related hisses in the background.  There are some jarring momentary losses of frames in a few places, such as in the scene of Groucho riding a carriage early in the movie.  However, I noticed these  jumps  in older video versions as well.  Both English subtitles and closed captioning are present for the film's dialogs.  The lyrics to the songs  Alone  and Cosi-Cosa  are also captioned, but not subtitled.  During the Verdi opera sequence, the caption simply says  [Singing in Italian].   French and Spanish subtitles are also provided, but, of course, many of the wordplays are simply lost in translation ( C'est ce qu'on appelle une clause 'sanitaire'. ) None of the supplements on the disc are subtitled or captioned, however.   Leonard Maltin provides an engaging and informative audio commentary for the film.  He points out that the film was cut for its 1948 re-release (the version used for this DVD) in order to remove all references to Italy, which fought against America in WWII.  The original opening was supposed to be a musical number showing people in Milan singing, thereby establishing the setting of the film.  Although wishing to avoid analyzing the film, Maltin does try to elucidate some of the ingenious touches in the comical gags.  In the famous stateroom scene, he points out the way Groucho talks at just the right moments and all the people seem oblivious to the situation are what make the scene funny.  He praises the great pantomimic skills of Harpo, and thoughtfully suggests that although he might have been a great silent film star, his talent really belongs in a sound world.  He gives his thoughts on Chico's patently fake Italian accent.  He also laments that in the age of political correctness, Marx Brothers' films may seem pass&eacute;.  He says although there seems to be improvisations, the dialogs are often so intricately constructed that improvisations are often not possible.  He also recounts a few anecdotes, such as the Brothers' showing up naked in producer Irving Thalberg's office at one time. The disc includes a typical half-hour making-of featurette  Remarks on Marx, which is interesting, for me, mainly for the few minutes of appearance by Kitty Carlisle, who recalls how she was originally not allowed to sing with her voice.  A 20-minute musical short from 1937,  Sunday Night at the Trocadero,  is included, and it features performances by Connee Boswell, The Brian Sisters, George Hamilton and his  Music Box Music  Orchestra, and a cameo by Groucho.  The audio quality is so poor on this piece that I can only hear every other word.  An amusing ten-minute short  How to Sleep  from 1935, starring Robert Benchley, is also present, as well as the theatrical trailer for A NIGHT AT THE OPERA.  There is also a 5-minute TV appearance by Groucho in which he also recalls the naked incident in Thalberg's office.
 Many have argued that A NIGHT AT THE OPERA is the Marx Brother's finest film, pointing out that it combined the best of the Brother's comedy with the biggest and boldest in MGM production values.  Personally, while I really like the film, I wouldn't quite put it in the top slot.  Any of the sequences containing the Marx Brothers themselves are gold, but I find that I'm not as enamored with the romantic subplot and singing as other reviewers have been (notably Leonard Maltin in this DVD's commentary).  Still, arguing about which one of the fine films is actually the best is a little pointless.  This is a great movie, regardless with how it compares to the others. The biggest thing this film has going for it (outside of the wonderful Marx Brothers themselves, of course) is the big production values that MGM splashed out on.  I have mixed feelings about this.  On the one hand, it's nice to have some great big sets for the Brothers to clown around in (Harpo's stunt double swinging through the rafters is great), but all things considered, I think I prefer the tongue-in-cheek send-up of the big dance numbers (as done in DUCK SOUP) to the production dances which are played straight here. Margaret Dumont is underused, which is a shame since her dignified outrage usually accounted for big laughs.  She gets a good scene at the beginning, and a handful of opportunities to look indignant later in the film, but she isn't the constant presence that she had been in other films. Still, while I can pick out a few flaws here and there, this is overall a hilarious and fun movie.  Much of what is considered classic Marx Brothers material is from this film
 IF YOU LIKE THE MARX BROTHERS, THIS IS GREAT. SOME OF THIER BEST STUFF.
 Though I don't like "A Night at the Opera as much as the Brothers' "Duck Soup and "A Day at the Races (for some reason it feels too static to me, and a bit claustrophobic, like that famous state-room scene), this is still a terrific film. In fact, to think that that state room scene is still a hoot almost 80 years later! Amazing! Anyone who's a fan of the Marx's (and even those who aren't) should have a blast with this film and the others mentioned above, what with the charming word play, and the endless chaotic shenanigans that are the hallmark of the boys known as Marx. (Btw, even with all the verbal linguistics going on, I always thought Harpo was the cutest of them all.) It's a pity we don't see this kind of cleverness in Hollywood comedies today.
 I didn't fully appreciate this film until my second viewing. Now I think it's one of the better Marx Brothers film. The film - filled with funny lines - has all the familiar MB trappings
 When the Marx Brothers came to MGM in 1935, boy wonder producer Irving Thalberg had the good commercial sense to package them in a genuine musical comedy. Their anarchic comedy may have been slightly better served in some earlier Paramount comedies but never were they better showcased than here, their most popular film because of the balance of entertainment on offer and the quality of the production values provided by MGM, the Rolls Royce of film studios at the time.  For those who know the Marx Brothers, there is little to say.  Furthermore, there are lots of excellent Amazon reviews which can fill you in. For young people who may not know the team, do yourself a favour and have a look. You may baulk at the love interest sub plot and the music but don't miss some of the very best comedy ever - the stateroom sequence is as hilarious today as it was when it first appeared. The Brothers were specialists at sending up pomposity and convention and setting them among the New York Opera set was a great idea.  This DVD is a comprehensive package. The weakest aspect is that typical of the MGM films which appear on DVD, it has not been restored and is grainy and dirty in parts. Also, there are clearly a few places where the film splicing is less than perfect with jumps in the continuity.  The extras, however, are excellent. Leonard Maltin provides a beautifully paced commentary, confining his comments to suitable background information and the sheer pleasure at the delights on view. It was particularly interesting to learn that the film was cut when it was reissued during World War 2 when every reference to Italy was removed. I have never understood why the film starts so abruptly and now I do. I can't help but hope that the cut footage may one day re-appear. An adequate documentary is included, the best of which has clips of Kitty Carlisle Hart who played the romantic lead. Ms Hart was a very elegant elderly woman with excellent memories of the film and its subsequent elevation to genuine classic - delightful. Dom Deluise appears too and he is embarassing. The DVD also includes a Robert Benchley short which is droll and amusing and an Oscar winner. The other short is a promotion for the Trocadero restaurant and it is worth seeing singer Connie Boswell but the rest is awful. Last of all, there is a portion of a TV interview with Groucho in which he tells my favourite Marx Brothers story. Don't miss it.  This is an good package of a timeless comedy but the print should have been restored.
 I happened to catch this on tv the other day and I thought it was pretty good. Groucho Marx is extremely funny! I need to see more of his material eventually, but that's another story for another time. Groucho plays Otis B. Driftwood, which was used in Rob Zombie's 'The Devil's Rejects' Groucho, Harpo, and Chico screw up an opera until Riccardo and Rosa become known. If you love classic comedy, you'll love A NIGHT AT THE OPERA!!!
 We'll leave the "which-is-the-best-Marx-brothers-movie argument to the philosophers. As a long-time Marx Brothers fans, my wife and I recently showed this to our 11- and 9-year old children. We all loved it. My son was laughing so hard after the stateroom scene that we had to pause the DVD ... so he could race off to the bathroom! ;-)  My daughter enjoyed the whole movie, finding the scene in the apartment particularly hilarious.  My wife and I laughed the entire time.  Forget Shrek ... and Monster's Inc ... and the kid's movie du jour. For the real classics in humor, show your children A NIGHT AT THE OPERA.
 After 70 years, "A Night At The Opera is still considered one of the finest comedy films ever made, and is often called the funniest film the Marx Brothers ever made; there's also a handful of fans who consider "A Day At The Races to be the funnier of the two. Die-hard fans already have them both in the five-disc box set; if you've only got room on your shelf for one Marx Brothers film, this review should help you decide between the two.  Both films were supervised by Hollywood genius Irving Thalberg, who realized that the Marx Brothers' raucous style of humor was not enough to sell tickets; it was his insistence on adding glamour and romance that made the films successful. Both films feature Allan Jones as the handsome singer who needs a break so he can marry his sweetheart. Both films feature Groucho and Chico as fast-talking con artists; Groucho swindles Margaret Dumont while Chico swindles Groucho. Both films feature Harpo as a mischevious mute who is sadistically whipped by the villain. Both films end in surrealist chaos, devilishly orchestrated by the brothers Marx. Of course, all is forgiven before the closing credits roll.  In "Night", Margaret Dumont can barely tolerate Groucho's incompetence; in "Day", she blindly ignores it because she's in love with him, allowing him to get away with a lot more comic mischief. In "Night", Allan Jones and Kitty Carlisle are both given ample time to sing, bringing the action to a halt; in "Day", Kitty is replaced by the non-singing Maureen O'Sullivan, a better actress who never wastes screen time with a sappy duet. In "Day", the Marxes get revenge on crooks who want to fix a horserace and build a casino, in "Night", they get revenge on a mean opera singer who wants to steal Allan's girl, making him less of a villain and more of a pest. The songs in "Night are far more tolerable than the music in "Day", but let's face it - the only songs you need in a Marx Brothers movie are the ones played on piano and harp.  Extras on the "Night disc include a witty essay on curing insomnia by humorist Robert Benchley, along with a Leonard Maltin commentary track. His remarks lack the spontaneity and informality of the commentary track for "Day", suggesting that it was scripted by Maltin or his research staff. At one point, he suggests that sharp-eyed viewers may be able to spot the father of the Marx Brothers twice in one scene
 There were NO songs by Queen on this DVD and I watched it twice.  It was pretty funny.  I started partying.
 Great movie! it is in the lines of Romeo and Juliet, so if you like romantic drama and action you can't miss it!  *sponsored post
 I love romantic tales.  Even though I liked it, there is room for improvement.
 I am new to yoga and I thought that this was good for beginners. Of course I was not able to move as much as Ms. Deason but I know that it will take  some time to be just as good. I felt very relaxed at the end of the tape  and I have noticed that I am more flexable. Some of the camera angles were  not all that great. Sometimes her back was toward the camera so you really  don't get to see the move correctly and that's the only flaw. The  modifications at the end were also very helpful, for a beginner.
 I agree with some of the other reviews.  I consider myself a yoga beginner but I've been doing yoga for a couple of months before I got this tape.  I knew some of the poses and had seen pictures of others but never attempted them.  I think some understanding of yoga is required for this tape because of the speed of the routine.  Sometimes it goes too fast from one pose to the next without explaining the pose in detail.  I'm glad I bought this tape used.
 Before I got this video I read these reviews. I was spurred on by the undertone of vigorousness in some of the reviews. I am not a beginner in terms of physical activities so that yoga presented here is not a first timer kind of challenge. Though  not unaware of what the less thrilled reviews had to say. I got the tape and the first time I worked along with it to see how I like it...I give this video a 4 stars rating!. I find it invigorating and a challenge because I know how to deal with it I think. It has a lot of good poses/combination of, to offer and in a niffy 20 minutes as well. I am very glad I lessened to what turned out to be my better judgement. Contrastly, here are the problems
 I absolutely love the video, but I do think that if you have never done yoga before this is not the video for you.  Maybe The Living Art AM/PM Yoga would be better.  This video is a workout, and will help build the lower body.  I had to do the video several times before I could hold some of the poses.  Luckily, there are modifications for some of us beginners, and they do make the video a little easier.  This is a fun intense yoga.  I would suggest viewing the video before attempting to do it.  Do not get discourage by the fast pace.  After a few times you will be anticipating the movement and it will be easier!!  I love the video and I feel great when I am done.  I feel am really working and I am already seeing better strength and felxibility in my legs!!
 Of the two home video concert releases I have (the other being "Live At La Luna") this is the better. Recorded in early 87, this is a rare glimpse into what LPD once was and what really got the ball rolling as it pertains to their underground success and following.  First and foremost, if you're looking for a big-budget, flashy stage affair, then you must look away from the Legendary Pink Dots' live shows; this show is raw, rather intimate, and mostly there for the people that love their earliest music. It is one camera angle for the whole duration, with a few zooms here and there. While that may sound like a turn off for a DVD you're considering paying X amount of dollars to see, the camera work itself is of a professional level; it all looks good and seldom a shaky angle in this thing, and it hardly ever focuses on one aspect of the band, usually capturing the performance as a whole.  Great selections of songs here, too. Plasma Twins really gets things moving, The Hill is an odd little ditty from "Asylum that rarely gets any love but it is a very good performance, and Echo Police works just fine, to start off this epic set that just gets progressively better and better. So much in fact that it culminates with a completely amazing performance of "I Am The Way, The Truth, The Light that has to be seen to be believed.  All in all, not for everyone (of course, it's LPD), or even the casual LPD fan. But, if you're already familiar with their music and love the early stuff, this is a must buy.
 Hunter was not a great TV series but, compared to most of what's available now, it was terrific. Hunter, an honest but  maverick cop from a criminal background, was adeptly played by former football star Fred Dryer (the only player in NFL history to score two safeties in one game). His partner Dee Dee McCall was played by beautiful and spunky Stepfanie Kramer. Together they broke every rule in the book but always got the bad guys, no matter how the odds were stacked against them. Hunter wasn't an accurate portrayal of police work, and it definitely wasn't politically correct, but it was a lot of fun. I'm glad that it's now available on DVD.
 The second season of Hunter is a much better edition than the first season.  The writing is much more developed and the storylines are very diverse.  Episodes themselves are distinctive and some deal with controversial subject matter.  For so many episodes the dvd's are a great bargain.  Also, this is a good show for the kids to watch, rather than the junk on tv/internet today....
 Hunter was one of the last successful crime show television series that did not try to be an accurate (or more accurate than normal)police procedural.  Former LA Rams football player Fred Dryer plays Rick Hunter, a tough-as-nails LA homicide detective partnered with DeeDee McCall, an undercover specialist.  The two were as Mutt and Jeff as you can get, and the plots and acting could be downright silly, but it was a fun and entertaining graduate of the Aaron Spelling school of crime drama, and as such, it has its own intrinsic value which is one judged properly by the common TV viewer, not highbrow TV critics who would recommend program that Hunter fans wouldn't watch it they were paid to do so.  It's nice to have this series available on DVD.
 Hunter (1984-1991) 152 eps (7 seasons) {NBC} TV's Dirty Harry, from Stephen J Cannell & Roy Huggins. Fred Dryer (exNFL Ram) as Sgt (later Lt) Rick Hunter "Head Hunter", and his catchphrase "Works For Me (a la Dirty Harry) & Stepfanie (step-fannie) Kramer as his partner Sgt Dee Dee McCall "The Brass Cupcake". Her Mustang (pilot 1HYD4783),1GQO 548 {also 1MHG 709}. Radio L56. The re-occurring theme is the crappy un-roadworthy cars he gets stuck with! They tame the wild streets of LA. In early seasons his badge #089, later #378 season 1 
 Mill Creek remains crappy as usual.  The movies that work, are good.  I don't know why Sgt. McCall always had to go under cover as a hooker tho'.  There's lots of other things to go undercover as....!
 Directed by Chris Columbus (Bicentennial Man, The Harry Potter Films, Nine Months, Mrs. Doubtfire) this film was a smash succes when it opend and still is a Holiday favorite for the family to sit and watch together. This Film put Micaulay Culkin (Richie Rich, The Good Son) on the map. It's about every kids dream and every parents nightmare - (Or is it the revers?) - being left behind by your parents. Starting with a simple wish of making his family dissappear - Micaulay realizes that they actually forgot him on their trip on the way to Paris. Add to the plot two mischievious burglers played brilliantly by Jope Pesci (My Cousin Vinny, With Honors, JFK) and Daniel Stern (City Slickers, My Blue Heaven, Dilbert), they bumble and create havok on the unsuspecting youth trapped alone in his house. The stunts ad gags are hysterical and somewhat not realistic, but the fun and humor is universal. And the appearance of the late John Candy (Wagon's East, JFK, Spaceballs)as the Polka King is hysterical. Key perfomances by the mother and father played by Cathrine O'Hara (Best In Show, Home Fries, The Nightmare Before Christmas) and John Herd (My Fellow Americans, the Pelican Brief, Awakenings) who are incredibly resourceful in getting themselves back from Paris to Chicago to get their son. Funny, adventurous and a lesson in life, love and family. There is even a key scene with the olderly man who lives next door and is thought to be a killer played by Robert Blossom (Doc Hollywood, Visionquest)who eventually teaches Macaulay what family is all about With a wonderful Acadamy Award winning score by John Williams (Star Wars, Indiana Jones, ET) this movie is great for everyone in the whole family. Watch it every holiday! (11-30-03)
 This movie is almost as old as I am, and I'll watch it from time to time and still be amused. The plot is not likely to ever occur in real life, but the fantasy of it is so fun. Saying you never want to see your family again, and then waking up the next day and having them gone is every child's nightmare, but then experiencing the adventure that follows would be so cool. Actually, it would probably be a terrible thing to really experience, but watching it sure is fun. THe ways this 8 year old outsmarts two con-artists is so great. I wish I had some opportunity just to see if I could be that creative. This movie is super-entertaining. Watch it with your family- everyone will be amused.
 Bought this used and it is slightly, had a few lines go through it but totally watchable, and the shipper shipped it fast! This movie is soooo awesome.  I bought it for myself...been asking for it for xmas for years now and couldn't find it at the stores.  I think it's for both adults and children.
 I was 8 years old when this movie debuted, and needless to say, I loved it.  Especially the 30 minute sequence that climaxes when the burglars (Pesci and Stern, both playing their over the top characters with a great zeal) have to deal with Kevin's boobytraps. However, in retrospect as an almost 20 year old, that sequence is the one thing that holds back this movie from reaching the heights of, say A Christmas Story.  The rest of the movie is excellent, taking the simplistic themes of childhood abandonment and family...and squeezing the utmost honesty and laughter out of each scene.  Try not to let your inner child giggle with excitment as the young protagonist gleefully jumps on his parents bed WHILE eating popcorn, or going grocery shopping by yourself, and getting anything you want. Culkin couldn't have done a better job capturing the little kid that can irritate you to no end, but you deeply adore. My sister(a senior in high school)  and I (a sophomore in college) make it a point to watch this after every Thanksgiving dinner, kicking off the holiday season.  This movie will most likely become a similiar tradition in your household, if two grown up kids love it.
 By now, everybody in the world knows about Macaulay Culkin's private life, well - this is the movie that launched Mac into the public eye and made him a household name. From the antics of the paint cans bowling over the bad guys, to the tense moments of running off with a toothbrush, this family film will have kids watching every time it is put on.   In the end, the message of how important family is shines through.
 Home alone is the best one it is one of the best Family movies ever. It's about when two bad guys come to town and rob every house since everyone on that street is gone for Christmas but 1 family forgot one minor detail
 My husband's favorite holiday movies are the first 2 Home Alone movies. I was having a hard time finding them in stores and a friend suggested getting them online. It was only a few weeks until we were to fly home for the holidays and I was concerned that the movies would not be shipped to our home in time. My friend assured me that Amazon was always had quick delivery and ordering online would be super simple. She was right! This selller had the movie I ordered at my home with plenty of time to spare. I will be checking online for good deals before hitting the stores from now on. Thanks! 
 'Home Alone' being one of the three only good films of Macaulay Culkin's short lived film career is an instant holiday classic. With many laugh out loud scenes &amp; the few touching moments at the end, the film was destined from the beginning to be a pure holiday classic.  The McCallister family, leaving for Paris for the holidays, accidently leaves behind their 8-year-old son, Kevin (Culkin). Kevin thinking he made his family dissapear goes on like evrybody's still there, except when two crooks, Harry (Joe Pesci) &amp; Marv (Daniel Stern), set their sights on the McCallister house it's up to Kevin to save the house &amp; destroy the crooks. All the while Kevin's mother (Cathrine O'Hara) tries on &amp; on to return home.  The sequels 'Home Alone 2 
 The movie industry has seen all kinds of great Christmas films,and one of those films happens to be,by far,"Home Alone". Truth be told,while "Home Alone may not have the Christmas spirit that other classic Christmas films such as "The Santa Claus and "A Christmas Story have,its own unique Christmas spirit,blended in with a dark,rebellious side,make it an instant Christmas classic....one of the best Christmas films EVER released.  Here,Macaulay Culkin (in his first major role,following his minor role in "Uncle Buck")stars as Kevin McCallister. And despite the fact that Kevin is only eight years old,Kevin being the youngest in his large and rich family makes him the family outcast. Yes,even Kevin's parents,Peter (John Heard)and Kate (Catherine O'Hara)allow Kevin to be the outcast in the family and don't even take his side in a family argument that involves Kevin. This is what leads into to Kevin being an unhappy and dissatisfied child.  However,one day,Kevin finds himself happiness and freedom. This is when his parents,after sleeping in,hustle the whole family together to fly to Paris for Christmas. After forgetting to wake up Kevin and a miscounting of the family,Kevin is left home alone without the rest of the family. And,while Peter and Kate McCallister are left searching frantically for Kevin once they discover they left him behind,things are different for Kevin. Kevin,who is glad that he has freedom from his disliked family,decides to take advantage of being home alone,with only one thing to worry about
 This is a classic Christmas time kids movie. A must watch (though I always felt the second one was the best)
 I have always enjoyed this film. 20 years later I still say it was over hyped when released & became the hit it did.  And, yes the character Kevin was acting bad.  Any parent would have grounded him at least.  The slap stick comedy was the hit here.  Did take enough time to get to the funny parts.  COURSE with this large group no 1 thought to set another clock to ensure they got up in time.  BUT that would not have lead to the film.  Just to point out these things.  PUT the passports, tickets in a safe place not on a counter to get milk spilled on them.  We do get the points of the film about family.  The build to the story on the neighbor after the story Buzz told about him that he was just a lonely man who missed his family.  Good to see the late John Candy in here after the 1989 hit Uncle Buck where he & Culkin worked together there.  There are plenty of extras on this DVD.  BUT, MY COMPLAINT & I HAVE HAD THIS COMPLAINT FOR SOME TIME NOW.  They used the cheap, intentional holes in them plastic DVD case.  I HATE these.  Cheap, can damage your DVD so you can go out & buy another.  No chapter search list.  You will enjoy the film & the extras here JUST BE CAREFUL WHEN STORING THE DVD WITH THE CHEAP PLASTIC CASE WITH INTENTIONAL HOLES IN IT.
 Esta pel&iacute;cula es un clasico. Mis hijos de 6 y 7 a&ntilde;os no se cansan de verla.  Claudia  Caracas-Venezuela
 This is a really cute family movie.  Definitely one to buy if you are tired of being stuck watching cartoon "family movies with your kids.
 To the delight of little children everywhere, a film like `Home Alone' really never goes out of style.  Sure, the subsequent sequels pale in comparison and tend to overstay their welcome a bit, and yes that same overuse can ware on the integrity and adoration of the original, but when the dust settles and the smoke clears there are still bountiful smiles to be found in a group of people watching this film.  As some have mentioned, it can get over the top, but isn't that what we are paying for here.  How else would an eight-year-old boy get one-up on two dim-witted thieves if it wasn't `over the top'!  The film tells the story of underappreciated Kevin McCallister.  Brother to four siblings who pick on him and son to two parents who are apparently distracted by life in general, Kevin has had it.  He just wants to be alone.  In preparing for a family vacation in Paris, the McCallister house is bombarded by family and countless other little rug rats who clutter every crevice of the house making it pretty easy to lose track of who is who and who is where; which is precisely why the McCallister family makes their way across the globe to Paris without young Kevin.  Fooled by his young mind into thinking that his family's disappearance was his fault, Kevin finds himself initially gleeful over his newfound freedom (a house all to himself), but soon he encounters two thieves who didn't count on Kevin's presence when they broke into the McCallister home.  The night gets interesting as Kevin fends for himself with witty and highly improbable tactics, while his parents lose their minds overseas to the point where his mother stops at nothing to get home.  Yes, there is much about `Home Alone' that is beyond ridiculous, but one thing that isn't ridiculous is Macaulay Culkin's performance.  For such a young boy, he slays this.  He's hilarious, totally three-dimensional (in a performance that could have become generically one-note) and truly believable, even when he's engaged in highly unbelievable activities.  He just oozes a charisma and charm that defies his age and creates a legendary character.  There are few actors who create such unforgettable screen images, but everyone (even people who haven't ever seen this film) will recognize that adorable little face pressed between two hands with that wide open scream.  Yes, Culkin is unforgettable.  So, at the end of the day, `Home Alone' is a lot of fun.  At times it is cheap fun, and if we're going to be completely honest it is Culkin who really remains the most endearing and memorable facet of this film (if his performance had not been genius then this film would not be a landmark) but none of that matters with a film so rich with nostalgia.  You have to love it!
 Just a great FUN movie.  Saw it in the theater upon original release with my wife and kids.  What fun.  One of the really 'Feel Good' movies.
 The Movie gets 5 stars ...But the Picture isn't crisp enough for my taste I don't think they remastered it nor does it say anything about it on the box....I will keep it because there is know replace at this time except Blu-Ray and that might have same concerns.
 Home Alone, Home Alone 2 and Christmas Vacation are holiday classics for me.
 Eight-year-old Kevin is left home alone in the midst of the rush to catch a plane to Paris.  Although he feels rather lonely being alone in a big house with no siblings or parents, he also makes the most of having the house to himself, especially when he finds out that burglars are planning to break into it.  This was a really good movie!  It doesn't make my favorites list, but it was very entertaining and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny.  Some parts were a teeny bit sickening, but you can expect that in any movie.  The main thing that I thought was nice was that the bad guys were both funny AND threatening at the same time.  Sometimes bad guys are just so goofy that it's hard to believe that they really have any evil in them.  But the bady guys in "Home Alone were a nice mix of evil and funny.  Overall, I'm glad I gave this movie a chance.  Although I don't recommend it for small children as some parts could be creepy, I think kids 8+ will love it.
 In the Eighties, John Hughes churned out a handful of movies and scored many, many hits. Quite rightly, as most of them were seriously funny - I'm DEFINITELY not referring to Curly Sue, so relax! In one particular scene from Uncle Buck, Macaulay Culkin interrogates a babysitter through the letterbox to make sure she's not a baddie. This inspired Hughes to write a whole new movie. Who would have known that this and its sequel would go on to become two of the biggest hits of all time? Both Hughes and Chris Columbus seem to prefer setting their movies during the holiday season (Gremlins, Young Sherlock Holmes, Planes, Trains & Automobiles, Christmas Vacation) and manage to pull them off without too much sentiment, or sickening amounts of gooey love.  There are two reasons why Home Alone was such a big success. The first is that it's about a kid who outsmarts grown-ups, something that happens every day, only there's a worldwide conspiracy of silence. This movie yells it out loud and clear. The second is John Williams's magical score, which elevates the movie way above slapstick family fare to something more serious and regarded. It was nominated for an Academy Award, along with the Christmas carol Somewhere In My Memory, but lost to John Barry's Dances with Wolves. Damn! In a mad rush to the airport one morning, the McCallister family forget one little thing...Kevin (Culkin). He is an eight-year-old kid who wants nothing better than a peaceful Christmas and some time to himself. It's hard for him to get this when living in a house with seven other people(the exact same house from Planes, Trains And Automobiles, don't you know. With the rest of the McCallisters in Paris, Kevin runs wild doing whatever he wants, eating whatever he wants and watching whatever TV show he wants.  But there's one major problem. The Wet Bandits, Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), are on the prowl and have knocked off every other house in Kevin's street. His is next. And seeing that he's man-of-the-house now, he HAS to defend it.  Using whatever tools are at his disposal (rusty nails, blow torches, Micro Machines) he sets up a labyrinth of booby traps, so that the Wets can't break in. Their idiot-proof determination proves to be their downfall, as they are tortured and torn-up upon entering Kevin's domain.  Although this is not the only point of the film, there is an important message that family is what really matters to a child, or to anyone, and having them home for the holidays is better than wandering a huge house all by yourself.  There are some movies that work best at Christmas and this is one of them. I'm not saying that in a couple of decades it will be the new It's A Wonderful Life (which is very overrated and not really an Xmas movie at all), but it will be remembered fondly at the very least.  The Blu Ray looks great in 1.85
 Now-Classic Christmas Movie.  The movie still feels modern (kid telling mom to shutup early on in the movie), but becomes in the end more traditional family values/treasure of family.  I love this movie mainly for the hilarious trap setups (ice, tack, toys, BB gun, and on and on).  Movie is carried by McCauley Culkin.  One of last appearances of John Candy before he died.  **Great on BluRay- the sound of the Christmas choir in church was incredible**
 This is more of a rant than a review.  But I have to ask why is there no special editon of this movie?  It's one of the highest grossing movies of all-time.  I believe at one time it was the highest grossing comedy.  Maybe still is.  It's become a holiday classic right up there with the greats. And yet, all we get is a poor DVD transfer with only a theatrical trailer for an extra?   Home Alone is a great movie.  Every kids dream to have the run of the house, especially if you do have a large family.  The movie has humor, slapstick action, warmth...it's a great movie. Certainly, since all of the particulars are still living and active (except John Candy) we should be able to get some kind of commentary, maybe some current interviews, deleted scenes, etc.. Hopefully the studios will come around on this one soon.
 My grandson gave this higher marks than "It's A Wonderful Life". It was the missing film in the collection of "National Lampoon Christmas Vacation and "Home Alone 2".
 You just can't go wrong with this movie about a little boy who completely PWNS a pair of robbers who think that his family's house is easy pickings because they're on vacation (he has been accidentally abandoned back at home because of the family's hustle to the airport) The kid gets rather creative with some rather funny gags and booby traps to foil the burglars.
 I bought this DVD because my great-granddaughter wanted to see it and I didn't have it in my DVD library.  It's one of the classic "kid films that can be enjoyed any time of year.  If you haven't seen it, don't miss it.
 I received a credit to try out Amazon's OnDemand movie section.  I purchased Home Alone and watched it right on my computer!  Very easy to use.  The only issue I had with the movie was at the very beginning, the picture of the movie was very blurred.  I decided to just restart the movie to see if fixed the problem and it did.  The audio was great.  As for the movie content itself, I watched Home Alone growing up and I watch it every year around Christmas time!  We moved and no longer owned a VHS player and didn't really think to look for it on DVD.  I'm thrilled to now own it and can watch it whenever on my computer!
 In hindsight I'm not sure how my parents sat through so many viewings. I know that this one one of a couple of films that I watched everytime I was sick and took the day off school. There was something so great about watching a kid win out against the adults. I don't recall one kid not liking this movie as we were growing up. There are still lines which make me laugh, and even aged 30 I find myself watching it every couple of years, or when I'm sick and home from work at any rate.
 My daughter purchased this DVD and was very happy with it.  The box showed a little wear but the DVD works fine.  Quick shipping.
 I'm ordering DVD's to replace my video collection.  Your service is great and some of the prices are good. It's hard to find some of the old movie titles but with Amazon's help I hope to complete my collection.  Thanks...
 Almost done in by a campy villainess subplot, Supergirl survives thanks to  superb pre-cgi special effects (Chris Reeve praised it as the best flying  he'd seen in any of the films), a solid Jerry Goldsmith score, and Helen  Slater's, well, *goodness*, in the title role. I had the advantage of  first seeing the film with my own then-seven-year-old blonde superheroine,  and my daughter's expression of sheer delight as Kara skimmed over the lake  and flew with the wild horses reminded me of the thrill I felt 30 years  before when I watched George Reeves hurl himself out of the stockroom  window and into the endlessly repetitive stock footage skies of  Metropolis. This is one of those films where you filter out the silly  story and watch the pretty pictures. Make certain to get the  international widescreen edition. The film was butchered in its original  American theatrical release.
 Admittedly, my lust for Helen Slater in her Supergirl costume has something to do with pushing this past three stars. Somehow, the Salkinds were of the opinion that making this as silly as possible would make it a hit. They threw in the requisite all-star cast, with Mark McClure (Jimmy Olsen) along to tie it into the  Superman  movies. And, a poster-only appearance by Christopher Reeve. But the scenes with Faye Dunaway, Brenda Vaccaro and Peter Cook are just too over-the-top to make them viable villians. (They should've called Gene Hackman for lessons on walking the fine line between parody and menace.) Slater gives Linda/Supergirl just the right heart and enough sex appeal to keep this one from being a total waste. But it makes for a fun diversion when you have nothing else to watch.
 This movie is for everyone! It makes you wish you can fly! It funny, and filled with action!
 It brought back so many fond memories to watch a great Disney classic, I was so excited to share this movie with  my son. He also loved it, and it has now become a favorite of his. I would recommend this movie for a wonderful family movie night.
 If you're looking for the Anamorphic Widescreen version of this movie you'll need to buy the Region 2 UK version at Amazon.co.uk or <a href="http
 It's a really good family movie!  Being a lifetime lover of African landscapes, it allows me to escape city life, but monetary greed still keeps me there. It's nice to know that people still live in old-fashioned ways - and have old-fashioned values!
 Africa is Alive! In many films the native life and the wildlife of Africa is displayed as part of the movie, and "Cheetah is no exception. "Cheetah tells the story of a boy named Ted and a girl named Susan who take a vacation in Africa, because of their father's job. Running approximately 83 minutes long, this Walt Disney production, which was made in 1989 and is centered in Kenya, shows some parts of Africa. This movie is based on the book, "The Cheetah's written by Alan Caillou. Since this film has been rated "G it can be enjoyed by children of all ages, and be watched by the grown-up members of the family. Certainly this movie is a unique wildlife epic. "Cheetah is an adventure!  As is already known, "Cheetah is set in Kenya Africa. The time that the story is set in is modern times (or modern times back in 1989). The leitmotif of this movie is a cheetah. In the beginning of the movie Ted and Susan are disappointed because they are not aloud to explore the surrounding African wild. They are excited because they are in Africa but saddened that they do not get to see any of it. Finally, however, Ted and Susan find something to liven up their trip. They find a baby Cheetah. A poacher had killed the baby duma's mother (duma is in the native word for cheetah), and Ted and Susan decide to keep her. They named her Duma. Duma grows and grows. She becomes very docile. Growing sad as the time draws near for their departure, Ted and Susan have to say goodbye to Morogo, a native friend who they had met. They will probably never see him or Duma again. Like most movies, the tension in "Cheetah builds up as it progresses, and as is also the case with other movies, the central characters in "Cheetah get into tight situations as they have adventures in Africa.  At the beginning of the exciting part, (which is) closer to the end of the movie, Ted and Susan, because they are leaving, have to decide what to do with the cheetah. Should they give the cheetah to a zoo or should they let her go free, into the wild? Duma had forgotten how to hunt, and, in fact, how to be a cheetah, but Ted and Susan decide to release her into the wild. They try to train her. Sneaking into Ted's and Susan's house, snooping around and stealing Duma, Mr. Patel, the local store owner, and two other men, including the ignominious, and deus ex machina poacher, want the cheetah to run in a race of the prolific sport of racing cheetahs against gray hounds. Ted and Susan make an un-astute choice, and go looking for the cheetah by themselves. Only the brave Morogo who coolly and diligently acts as guide through their journey accompanies them. As they make their way through Kenya, They suffer from want of food and water. Ultimately, however, they find the poachers headquarters, where Duma is being trained for the race. At night, they attempt to rescue their beloved cheetah, however, even though they have found Duma, she is not out of the poacher's hands yet.  Unfortunately right when Ted and Susan find Duma, they are caught, put in a cage and left while the evil men start for the race. They somehow escaped. Ted, Susan and Morogo, all began traveling to the location of the race, only to be caught by the searching policemen roaming the roads for them. While at a gas station, they again escape because of the inattentiveness of the policeman, and finally make it to their destination. Sadly, they arrived too late too stop the race but surprisingly Duma, who had fallen behind, put on a burst of speed and triumphantly wins the race. Ted and Susan were able to get their tamed cheetah back, but then they face a choice, either to keep Duma for the few weeks that remained of their stay, or to let her go free and never see her again. Since the ending denouement will not be divulged in this critique, all that can be said is that Ted and Susan made the right choice.  "Cheetah is a good movie for a quiet evening in which every one wants good entertainment. Cleverly and unnoticeably intertwined within this film, like a large, green, grape vine on a trellis, are several morals, and one, which is as popular as Elvis, because of its invaluable lesson, is "evil never prospers". Although this movie is good there is one fault; Ted does not act his age. Besides the one mistake, the movie "Cheetah is a very good one.
 Often overlooked in this film is its great music. The recurrence of a theme, played apparently on something with steel strings sets the mood of the film from the outset, then comes back from time to time during gaps in the dialogue. Caine gives his usual sterling performance  and a few quotable lines 'You're a big man, but you're in bad shape!'. The supporting players are interestingly cast, but they're all up to it, even playwright John Osborne, not an actor by profession. Mike Hodges script is uncompromising and feels so authentic we feel like we live in the world of 1970s Tyneside crooks. It's ironic that while modern film-makers achieve this by casting former crooks as gangsters, here it is done by casting playwrights! Hodges also takes full advantage of his location, showing not just the picturesque (the Tyne Bridge) but other parts of Newcastle which provide appropriate backdrops to the action. The scene in the newly built block is one which stands out, giving us a brutal building with brutal people inside. The final scenes on the shore are to be savoured. By the end of the film, the story is so identified with Caine's London gangster in a Newcastle setting, that it beggars belief why anyone would want to remake it without using this central premise.
 This is a very good movie.  Don't expect any good guys here.  If you want a hero with a bit of soul watch the Silvester Stallone remake a movie I also like.  Both movies have a lot of action.
 So there is this guy named Carter (Michael Caine) who works for the mob in London.  He's not a nice guy, though he does seem to have a way with the ladies.  He also has an aura about him that makes him unmistakably cool.  At the beginning of the film Carter learns that his brother has died under mysterious circumstances, so he journeys to the industrial town of Newcastle to figure out what's going on.  During the course of his investigation he manages to anger his employers so he ends up taking on the whole world alone, much like a detective from a classic novel or film.  The movie has a slow pace, like many of the cop movies from the late sixties and early seventies.  It's also shot rather artistically for an action film, so it's not for everyone, but if you're looking for a film with a cool, somewhat unlikeable protagonist who's out for revenge and will stop at nothing to get it, than this might be for you.  It's very similar to the film "Payback, in that regard.
 Often overlooked in this film is its great music. The recurrence of a theme, played apparently on something with steel strings sets the mood of the film from the outset, then comes back from time to time during gaps in the dialogue. Caine gives his usual sterling performance  and a few quotable lines 'You're a big man, but you're in bad shape!'. The supporting players are interestingly cast, but they're all up to it, even playwright John Osborne, not an actor by profession. Mike Hodges script is uncompromising and feels so authentic we feel like we live in the world of 1970s Tyneside crooks. It's ironic that while modern film-makers achieve this by casting former crooks as gangsters, here it is done by casting playwrights! Hodges also takes full advantage of his location, showing not just the picturesque (the Tyne Bridge) but other parts of Newcastle which provide appropriate backdrops to the action. The scene in the newly built block is one which stands out, giving us a brutal building with brutal people inside. The final scenes on the shore are to be savoured. By the end of the film, the story is so identified with Caine's London gangster in a Newcastle setting, that it beggars belief why anyone would want to remake it without using this central premise.
 This is one of the great British gangster flicks of all time. All the new stuff on the market right now cannot hold a candle  to this movie. You know the ones I mean, pale UK derivatives of  Tarantino. Michael Caine was probably only better in  The Man Who Would Be King  and in  Zulu . His character here is completely amoral, which causes the brutal acts of violence to really be disturbing. And yet, he is not playing the carpet-chewing villain that today's movies show as gangsters. Recommended.
 A good friend gave me this movie as a present.  It was definitely not as a feelgood gesture.  His constant comment was, "I have not been able to find a single redeeming quality in Michael Caine's character.  Well, he was almost right. Michael Caine is, honestly, outstanding in the lead role here, playing a mob operative who heads home to Newcastle upon the death of his brother.  As a gang figure, he understands the ethos.  As a brother, he shows just about the only redemptive emotion when he first sees his brother's dressed corpse, laid out for cremation.  He touches his brothers hands.  After that, if he touches anybody, it's either to satisfy his sexual appetite, to advance his relentless campaign for revenge, or to inflict pain for information-gathering or payback.  The violence is simple, continual and at times a little showy.  The message of the film is simple
 Get Carter (Mike Hodges, 1971)  There's a scene about halfway through Get Carter where, if you haven't realized it yet, Mike Hodges makes it very plain that this is not your momma's gangster film. Carter (Michael Caine) and his landlady (Rosemarie Dunham) are in the midst of a romp when two of the members of Carter's gang come in and try to convince him to come back to London with them (Carter is in Newcastle investigating his brother's suspicious death). Various silliness ensues that ends with Carter, starkers, running out into the street. All of this, mind you, is accompanied by a kazoo soundtrack, as there's a children's kazoo corps having a parade in the street. Yes, one thinks, this sort of thing, naked gangster included, is absolutely normal in the odd little world Mike Hodges inhabits.  Get Carter is another one of those "they don't make 'em like that anymore films. In this case, it's because Get Carter set most of the standards in use today. It's the French Connection (coincidentally released the same year) of gangster movies-- there ain't no good guys. Everyone's painted in shades of nastiness. Even Carter, our would-be hero, is an entirely unsympathetic character. One might even go so far as to call him hateful. There is no glorification of anything to be found here, just a bleak, relentless ugliness.  Given such a setup, then, in order to avoid falling into its own trap, Get Carter has to have something to raise the bar in other ways. And it does. Hodges' script is crackerjack through and through, fast and funny and never once letting up on the action. The acting is top-notch, as one expects from Michael Caine, and the lighting and cinematography are perfect for the subject matter-- everything is bleak, ugly, littered.  Loads of fun, and well worth your time. *** 
 'Get Carter' is very, very British and very, very 70s, and it couldn't possibly be made today, despite Sylvester Stallone's unwise attempt to do so. Caine plays Carter with ice-cold water running through his veins, and the bleak Newcastle setting compliments the hard, merciless atmosphere of a period that gave us 'A Clockwork Orange' and 'Straw Dogs'. It's less violent than the latter, and Carter, although doomed, has a twisted moral core. But it's still strong stuff, and the ending is also very 70's in that it's not very happy, not that 'Get Carter' is a particularly happy film anyway. Whilst it was a cult hit at the time, and languished in obscurity in the 80s, a spate of television repeats and a shift in the zeitgeist made it the ne plus ultra of urban chic in the mid-90s, and it's now regarded as something of a classic. It's also worth checking out the contemporary 'Villain', a less-famous (for good reason - it isn't very good) film starring Richard Burton, for an example of how badly it could have gone. It's also one of the most misquoted films ever ('You're a big man, but you're in bad shape. With me, it's a full time job'), and Michael Caine justifies 'The Swarm', 'Jaws IV' and 'The Holcroft Covenant' with his performance. Special note must be made of Harold Budd's music, in particular the title track, a simple melody that has been an inspiration to ambient musicians ever since, and the soundtrack is a cult favourite. Thankfully, some care has been put into the DVD - there are audio commentaries and a couple of amusingly old-fashioned trailers. At one point Carter transforms a man into a dummy and throws him from a multi-storey car park, revealing hitherto-unknown supernatural powers. The same car park is on the verge of demolition today, but may become a listed building because of the film. This, and an tide of awful modern gangster films, is its legacy.
 GET CARTER is lean and very mean and well directed by Mike Hodges.  1 minute Caine is a very nice chap of a mobster and the next minute, he'll kick the living bleep outta you.  This is 1 of his best performances.  A  drawback here is I wish there was more of the wonderful gritty music score  done during the opening credits.  It would've been needed thruout GET  CARTER.  Still, a powerful violent mob flick.  I wonder what the 2000  remake will be like since Sylvester Stallone will be Carter and Michael  Caine who played Carter in the '71 version has a small role here.
 Michael Caine recently won his second Oscar for supporting actor, but if you really want to see him at his best,  Get Carter  is the movie to see. Caine loses his English version of the  good old boy  for  this film as he investigates the death of his brother in England. He is  tough and vengeful and shows why he is one of the best actors in the  business, now and nearly 30 years ago when this film was made. There is a  remake of the film in the works but I don't see how it can ever measure up  to this one. One of the best ganster movies ever!
 Along with  The Ipcress File ,and  The Italian Job ,and  Sleuth this is one of Michael Caine's finest performances.Caine play's Jack Carter,who has to travel to Newcastle,to inquire about his brother's death.Once there Jack becomes a target to the local mobsters.Jack puts each piece of the puzzle together,and finds something totally unexpected.Gritty,well paced film-noir,with an inevitable,but entirely believable ending.A very good transfer from Warner,showing virtually no source faults,apart from minor,occasional grain,that hardly distracts.Overall 4/5 for picture,and for the film.
 My kids enjoy Sesame Street & this video they liked. Has some old songs but updated so it does not diminish quality. The dvd-rom disk my kids liked as well & held their interest for an hour. The links to more games on the internet helped. It helped me teach my youngest to use a mouse for the 1st time. I give this product a favorable review.
 Play With Me Sesame series is so much better than the Sesame Street for little ones. It is a combination of new screen time with Ernie/Prairie Dawn/Bert/Grover with some of the old school music videos. Play With Me seems to focus more on opposites, colors, patterns, and friendship. My daughter is 13 months and loves the Play With Me series. This particular video is mostly grover episodes, though I recommend this video for the older little ones. Maybe age 2 or 3 since Super Grover is a harder concept to understand.
 I think most of the people who reviewed this missed the point--it's hilarious.  I'm a woman and I think it's one of the funnies all-time B movied I've ever seen; and Ed Wood would have loved it.  Sure, it's got some mild nudity, but it's got the bear, the still, the "robot", the old-time bank robbers, the seal, the hot air balloon, etc.  It's incredibly stupid, but so funny you'd have to be dead not to laugh.
 this film is like a clean verson of bambie does dallas. but with a better story line. a good film on college girls being bad and play touch football in wet t-shirts. just a good cheesy film from the 80's
 HOTS - Help Out The Seals.....uh huh....two Words- Susan Kiger!!  I remember her from her Playboy pictorial, January 1977....W-O-W!  Her scenes are worth the price alone....and the football game...!!  Yes, it's all great fun....! recommend this film for a silly, sexy diversion from life's trials and tribulations.
 A near-perfect film version of a downright gloomy play,  The Glass Menagerie  successfully captures the atmosphere of futility and hopelessness that permeated the play and made it such a success. The choice  of actors is quite good, and I am thankful that the complete plot was  preserved, rather than attempting to alter it in favor of a more active  storyline. Eccentric, yes, depressing, yes, effective - quite so.
 I've always like movies about creatures in the water be it Jaws, Leviathan or even Deep Rising.  The idea of a big monster coming out of the water is a bit more acceptable than a creature from outer space.  Big alligator/crocodile movies have always been a personal favorite of mine.  After all, gators and crocs are the closest things we got to dinosaurs, and they're pretty damn scary.  The second reviewer down gives the best play by play of this film.  I'd have to recommend this movie more to Italian horror fans looking to check out everything there is rather than the average Lake Placid fan.  Gore is minimal however as is skin.  The gator looks rather phony(especially in underwater scenes when it attacks boats.  It looks like a rubber bath toy being hurled at a toy boat), but that's all part of the fun.  Silly looking phony alligators chomping down on folks are much more fun than cgi ones.  There's really no reason why someone should like this film, but it has something I can't quite put my finger on that makes it a rather enjoyable 90 minutes.  The ending's a hoot coz it brings to mind the scene in the Wizard of Oz when Dorothy kills the witch and the Winkies praise her("She's dead!  You killed her!  Hail to Dorothy!  The Wicked Witch is dead!!").  Luckily I found this sucker for a good price(I even had the store hold it for me till next paycheck.  I swear they snickered when I asked them to before they filed it away).  I'd suggest buying it only if you're swimming in cash or find it decently priced.  Hey, this is my 500th review!
 This film seemed daring (though still hagiographic) in its time (when I saw it in a cinema house at the time of its initial release), but it would have been much more shocking if it had revealed the full and at times seemy truth of the life of the high cleric, Cardinal Abp. William Henry O`Connell, whom the movie, and Henry Morton Robinson`s novel on which the screenplay is based, portray (loosely and discretely, avoiding both naming him outright or being too explicit). O`Connell was a prelate of great personal culture (whose musical accomplishments even included the composition of some fine church music) and of glamourously extroverted flair.  Cardinal O`Connell lived a life of flamboyant splendour, but the expenses of his maintenance and retinue (and of some nepotism, too) derived to no small extent from his dips into archdiocesan finances (which were booming, in no small part to his shrewd management, despite the pilfering of funds therefrom for his own extravagant personal and extended family use). Cardinal O`Connell also was a secretive, practising homosexual. Of course, these shocking matters surpass even the titillations of Otto Preminger`s film!  For "the straight skinny (i.e., to inform yourself) see, above all, James M. O`Toole`s fine study (one of several in book form), "Militant and Triumphant
 If you want to enjoy a very pleasant time, view the Cardinal.  It covers a period during the the 20th century in a way that is both educational and entertaining.  The acting is excellent and the story holds one throughout.
 A classical pre-vatican ll movie which grapples with isssues still faced today abortion, discrimination. The Austrian Church and it's involvement with Nazism is gently handled.  A good moral reminder movie
 A fine example of the cinematic experience of that time. It's not Ben Hur or Lawrence of Arabia, but it is beautifully filmed, atmospheric, and dignified. There is a comfortable autumn day beauty and feel to this film, if that makes any sense to you. And the filming in Rome may be the finest I've ever seen. The performance by John Huston really stands out among a number of good performances. It tries to cover a great deal of a man's life, perhaps a little too much. But I find this easily forgiven. There aren't enough of these big, serious, voluptuous films of that era for me.
 I truly enjoyed this movie and can watch it again and again. When looking for a DVD's, the first place I look is Amazon.com. Good to great prices, they always provide the DVDS in record time.
 Being raised a Catholic,it was interesting to se how things have changed.Those were tough times for us growing up,only we did'nt know it.Certain things you can't forget. Wonderful MOvie
 TOM TRYON has the central role in Otto Preminger's majestic looking film version of THE CARDINAL, but he's one of those handsome actors with an impassive face whose emotions never come to the surface. Instead, we get a hint of what he might be thinking without any real clue. And since the film is all about the moral and personal issues facing him as he enters the College of Cardinals, an actor with more emotional capabilities would have been more impressive.  The other flaw is the three hour length for a film in which the story is simply not that compelling. Furthermore, director Preminger has chosen to direct whole scenes at medium length lensing (no close-ups inserted) which gives a flat affect to the dynamics involved. The medium shots are symptomatic of many a film made in the then new WideScreen process with a scarcity of close-ups for important moments.  Aside from these weaknesses, the film has a lot about it to commend. All the interiors of church activities are impressively staged and photographed in beautiful WideScreen photography. The performances around Tryon range from good to excellent, including John Huston, Carol Lynley, Bill Hayes, John Saxon and Burgess Meredith. Huston is particularly commanding as the brusque Cardinal Glennon, who confronts Tryon with
 I liked the movie. The acting was great. If I had a compliant, it would be the movie should have been a little longer. They tried to do to much in the time. But it was a great movie tnat I will see over and over.
 The DVD arrived on time and was in good shape...I enjoyed the movie and appreciated the early arrival. thanks jackie de Boisblanc
 "Electra Glide In Blue is easily one of my favourite "unknown films of the 1970's. This was the first (and only) movie directed by rock producer James William Guercio, and in my book it is a top class effort.  Robert Blake ( from TV's "Baretta ) plays ex-Marine now Arizona motorcycle cop, John Wintergreen, desperate to trade his Harley Davidson Electra Glide police motorbike in for four wheels and join the Stockman Motors detectives division. That opportunity presents itself soon enough, when Wintergreen comes across a gunned down corpse in an dilapidated shack and the puzzle of was it just suicide, or was it murder. Blinded by the supposed granduer of the detective's role, Wintergreen becomes sorely disheartened to find out that the grass is not always greener on the other side of the hill. Exposed to bigotry, hate and injustice, his lofty opinions of his police superiors quickly crumble as he realises the brutal and impersonal nature of their personalities.  The talented and versatile cast is what makes "Electra Glide in Blue really crackle....Billy Green Bush plays Wintergreen's partner "Zipper Davis...an abusive and arrogant police officer who is ultimately so insecure and lonely. The talented actor Mitchell Ryan plays head of detectives Harve Poole, another bombastic and narcisstic man seething with resentment and insecurities wracking his life. Jeannine Riley is the lonely, heartbroken waitress ?Joelene"....seeking warmth and affection in the arms of the local police officers....and the wonderful character actor, Royal Dano, is the tired and irritable Coroner. Plus, I can't leave out veteran character actor, Elisha Cook Jr., as the half witted desert loner, Willy. In the early 1970's, Guercio had produced several albums for rock group "Chicago and he cast several band members in minor roles in "Electra Glide"....trumpeter Lee Loughnane is "Pig Man", singer/bassist Peter Cetera plays biker "Bob Zemko", guitarist Terry Kath is "Killer ( Kath died tragically in Jan. 1978 from a gun accident ) and session musician David "Hawk Wolinski as the harassed VW minibus driver.  Add to this fine cast some spectacular cinematography of the stunning Arizona landscape and a haunting and somewhat foreboding soundtrack...and you have an interesting, thought provoking and powerful film that keep's surprising you right up until the final frames.  A worthy addition to your collection of great 1970's films.....
 is the film's best line, rattled off by Robert Blake with dead seriousness.  But did Alan Ladd ever mount a Harley in the Arizona dessert?  Blake does in what is undeniably a lost small classic.  ELECTRA GLIDE IN BLUE was unique for it's time
 Electra Glide in Blue is my favorite of the early-1970s, existential "highway movies. It has a plot, so it's better than Two-Lane Blacktop. Also, it seems less dated than Easy Rider. Electra Glide is a look into America's dark heart that is wrapped inside a murder mystery.  Robert Blake plays an Arizona motorcycle cop named John Wintergreen. People mock Wintergreen as "Big John and "Little Chief due to his small size. Wintergreen desperately wants to prove himself worthy of moving out of writing traffic tickets and into investigating homicides.  Wintergreen's "big chance comes when he finds a "bum dead inside a desert shack Everyone else is convinced that the death is a suicide, but Wintergreen knows better. Investigating the murder provides Wintergreen with the chance he craves. The murder mystery, however, is just a subplot. The film's true purpose is examining American culture and values. If Electra Glide sounds like a strange film, it should.  The cast is excellent. Before Blake became notorious in the Bonnie Bakley case, he was a first-rate actor. Billy "Green Bush (as Blake's dumb partner, Zipper) and Mitch Ryan (as the tough homicide cop, Harve) are also excellent. I particularly liked Jeannine Riley (of "Harper Valley PTA"-fame) as Jolene, an angst-filled honky-tonk waitress.  There are some "added rewards for watching Electra Glide. The cinematography is gorgeous; the blue skies and washed-out colors of the American desert make a great backdrop. The 1970s cars, hair, and clothes also catch the viewer's eyes.  Viewers who like daring cinema with a hard edge will enjoy Electra Glide in Blue.
 Acquitted murderer Robert Blake plays by-the-book hardon of a motorcycle officer who dreams for big status and plain clothes as a detective. Determined and not-so-bright, Blake is perfectly believable as a half-wit over his head. The murder plot is not so interesting, but the soundtrack, scenic shots of the American Southwest and a superb job by Blake make it all worth a look. A must for fans of 70's cinema.
 Here's an odd little movie with a languid pace and a very short officer who dreams of becoming a detective until he sees just how corrupt one can become when one has such power.  You get a glimpse into the 1970s system vs. the common man theme here, with a detective and even regular motorcycle cops being unfair to the hippies who are just zipping along  the Arizona highways, for the most part.  Tragedies ensue as Robert Blake and his hair-trigger partner try to chase down a criminal. Slo-mo crashes happen. The film ends on the same lonely stretch of highway we see at the start.  Interesting look into the recent past.
 If you check my review posted below, you will realize that I am very fond of this flawed but fabulous film.  The GOOD NEWS about the DVD release-----it's the ORIGINAL version, NOT the putrid Musical re-make! The Less-than-Good news is that the transfer (obviously from a print)isn't as crisp and contrast-y as one would ideally like.  In addition, it's a bit disappointing to realize, assuming this realease is authorized, that MGM/UA is not interested enough in this film to release it on their own, and thus has licensed it to Good Times, a serviceable, but second-rate outfit. Oh, well---guess I shouldn't complain.  It's just GREAT to have it in the DVD format. Oh yes,.....the SOUND on the DVD is fabulous--bright, clear, dynamic, crisp. And, incidentally, I bought and watched Harryhausen's  7th Voyage of Sinbad  recently.....great, awesome stop-motion work, of course (I remember seeing it in the theatre in early '59----I was literally shaking with excitement and terror simultaneously!  Had to go out to the lobby to regain my composure as they were climbing through the hills of Colossa looking for the Roc's egg!  Subsequently had cool dreams of the cyclops chasing me on the beach!....) BUT----HAVING SAID ALL OF THAT-----I'd still prefer  JACK  ANY DAY!  It's so much more human and engaging.  Watch the scene after Jack has killed the first Giant and the King asks him  Have you seen the Princess ......it's so charming----nice acting, beautiful music (you catch a bit of the doll's music box dance transformed by the orchestra under the dialogue...), then we meet Jack's mother, touchingly played by Helen Wallace...things like this just add so much to the enjoyment of a fantasy film. And the SET-UPS!!!....despite some of the crude visual quality---the experimental angles and odd shots which they used....shots from above the giant....dropping the rope around his neck...the bucket of flour in his eyes, his falling and nearly crushing Jack...the 2-headed giant about to deliver the  coup-de-grace  to the sea serpent with the anchor when Sigurd (in dog form) saves the day by jumping on the giant's back to distract him, while Peter (in chimp form) tosses rocks on the giant, in order to give the serpent time to revive from his beating......the harpy hovering over the ship, swooping, diving,  ascending with the animated Jack on his back, the duo-death-dive into the sea with Jack and the Harpy side-by-side--------NO WONDER the film went so far over budget and took so long....these were incredibly COMPLEX SHOTS being done by a bunch of guys who were practically making it up as they went!!  There is NOTHING this daring and spectacular in  Sinbad ;  just lots of straight-on shots, impressive though they may be. But I do go on.........
 Jack The Giant Killer is a great family fantasy movie. I've never seen the musical version, but it sounds like a hideous botch-up, and I can't believe people are disappointed because this DVD is of the original version and not some re-hash that had nothing to do with the production's original intention.  I think the film is excellent just the way it is. It's the tale of a simple farmer (Jack) who gets caught up in an evil wizard's plans to abduct a beautiful princess to be his bride. I've heard it said that the musical version was created to tone down some of the film's more frightening moments, and I can see why younger childeren could get nightmares after watching some sequences. There are several such scenes. Early on in the film, the princess is having a party and one of her birthday gifts is a miniature dancing jester in a musical box. Creepy enough to watch as it is, this ugly thing comes alive after dark and grows into a hideous giant demon. In another scene, ghostly flying witches descend on a ship to try and seize the princess, who is being smuggled away to a secret location to protect her. This sequence, involving some very freaky apparitions, genuinely frightened me as a child, especially the moment when the ghost in the guise of a skeleton in a wedding dress surprised the princess in a small dark cabin. Eek!  The animated monsters are of variable quality, ranging from the enlarged music box demon (the best) to the sea serpent that appears near the end (the worst). Maybe the money started to run out towards the end of the film! But the plot is engaging and never dull, mostly involving Jacks battle with the hammy but evil King Pendragon who has designs on the princess and is sending all these monsters to kidnap her, but also involving sub-plots such as the part where the princess is turned evil by a spell from Pendragon and almost double-crosses Jack - until the spell is broken.  All in all, tremendous fun. Yes it does look a bit dated now, and a lot of kids aren't going to be enthralled this easily any more, but it can still give an hour and a half's worth of solid entertainment.
 Giants and monsters to slay ... what more could a lad on the farm ask for in order to prove his manhood? Handsome Kerwin Mathews is engagingly vigorous in the title role; Torin Thatcher appropriately evil as the magician Pendragon; Judi Meredith nonexistent as the trophy princess Elaine; and Walter Burke goose bumpy as a scurvy knave. Colorful fairy tale costumes and sets enhance the production and there are enough monsters, spooks, and creepy critters to satisfy even the most jaded appetites. I liked the farmyard escapade and the shipboard adventure best. A fun flick for a rainy Saturday afternoon.
 God bless Kerwin Mathews.  Not really all that great an actor, his dashing looks and his sincerity were the foundation for a series of wonderful  fantasy  films of the late 50s and early 60's
 Ordered this film for my children, having seen it on TV about 4/5 years ago. My children adored it, they are 7 and 4, and have watched it 3 times in 4 days. A bargain, even after trans-atlantic shipping.
 I remember seeing this movie back in 1962.  I was 8, my little brother 5. He was so scared by the movie that it gave him nightmares two nights running. He wasn't the only one.  Stephan Arngrim (Barry Lockridge from the  Land of the Giants ) said it scared him half to death as well!! Rumors have it that it the reason the musical version was released was to make it less scary!!!
 Very loose adaptation adds bikers, bogles, bogans and more.  Definitely an archetypal example of the urban fantasy novel, if a bit lighter and more fairyish than some of the more recent examples.  Here, Jack is a girl, and she gets involved with the world of Faerie after he boyfriend gives her the arse, and taking a friend along for the ride ends up having the usual sort of experiences that you would expect if you ran across faery bikers and other such oddities.  3.5 out of 5
 THIS MOVIE IS AS GOOD AS IT WAS WHEN I FIRST SAW IT IN 1964 OR 1965. MY BROTHER AND I WENT BACK AND SAW IT AGAIN. WE EVEN SAT THROUGH THE "B MOVIE TO SEE IT TWICE IN ONE DAY.. I NOW HAVE HAD AN OPPURTUNITY TO WATCH IT WITH MY GRANDSON, WHO ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT. THE SPECIAL EFFECTS ARE JUST A SMIDGE OUT OF DATE,BUT GOOD.
 Jacky Rowan has just ended a bad relationship. Soon after, she witnesses a murder. When visiting her best friend Kate Hazel the next day, Jacky is sure of nothing except wondering what in her life is real. She is about to find out.  The only proof of what she saw
 A really nice picture. I loved it, I enjoyed it very much.  I am a Tim Allen's huge fan and he is adorable in this film. I hope to have another Allen's film soon.
 I'm not a TIm Allen fan, I had only watched GALAXY QUEST before (and enjoyed it a lot!). JOE SOMEBODY is a very good movie. I agree it's not a straight forward comedy, not at all. I'd even say that the moments to really laugh are very rare indeed. But the fact is that all the supporting actors are in top form, playing their roles with energy and enthusiasm, even the guys that plays Allen's new friends in the squash and karaoke scenes. I think the movie generated some bad reviews because it oscilates dangerously between comedy and real drama (divorced parents, unhappy mother, inescrupulous boss. Well, for me it worked. I just spent one and a half enjoyable hours watching it.
 I'm not a fan of opera on film, as I often feel that there's too much of a disconnect between the recorded soundtrack and the singers' actions.  (Basically, most opera singers are lousy lip-synchers.)  But if any DVD were to change my mind, it would be this one, mostly because of the extraordinary performance of a young, stunningly beautiful Teresa Stratas.  Her gradual decline from willful petulance into obsessed insanity is remarkably vivid and harrowing; this is the kind of intense and intelligent acting one expects from a Meryl Streep or Cate Blanchett.  Add a voice that's vibrant, clear and passionate and the kind of sexy star-quality you associate with a Sophia Loren and you have what may be the most perfectly calibrated opera performance I've ever seen.  With the exception of Bernd Weikl's supremely wild and creepy Jochanaan, the rest of the cast isn't quite up to Ms. Stratas's standards.  Yes, Astrid Varnay is a legendary talent, but I wish she and Hans Beirer weren't directed to be the comic relief.  And they're terrible lip-synchers, so all my reservations about opera on film started to intrude as soon as they came on screen.  Also, I thought that The Dance of the Seven Veils felt flat, with Stratas looking a little too much like Cousin It at the top of it.  But these are minor reservations when stacked against her towering, magnificent performance.  This is the best Salome -- and therefore "Salome -- that you're ever likely to see.  Ever.  (Can you tell I liked it?)
 I had seen and enjoyed this performance of Salome on TV long ago, and while looking for a recording of somethig else, found that this had been released only last summer. The transfer is excellent, the performance is as riveting as it was some thirty years ago, and it is a welcome addition to my library. What more can I add?
 This DVD is a tribute to the performers in this show. Any raves you read about their skill in putting this show on screen are well deserved. Actually Teresa Stratas (Salome) & Bernd Weikl (Johanaan) aka John the Baptist, their performances are off the top end of the scale. I would have loved to see more of Weikl but it seems he lost his head.  Astrid Varnay as Herodias is sensuality gone to seed. Bloated with the riches she has always consumed. Hans Beirer as Herodes is weak & insipid from indulging every whim he has. What a pair. He has gathered more all of his life & his wife seeks only to consume what she sees. That is of course, perfectly played by these two.  The music matches the scenes as they are shown & listening to Strauss can cure many ills. The costuming I had heard was somewhat dull but I thought it was appropriately sensual & alluring, Salome's cap is stunning both as costume & by photography. The photography was breathtaking & can't be over valued in its impact on your experience while watching. I could easily give all this a Five Star rating so why didn't I?  The directorial responsibility to insure a show does not dwell too long on a shot or a scene when seeking to arouse your emotions or understanding failed again & again. Does Salome have ambivalent feelings about Johanaan & when did you catch on? You are awakened by this again & again & I'll congratulate the performers here once more. They do a marvelous job even in this kind of circumstance. I remember when I saw Tolkien's Fellowship of the Ring the first time, at the end (I admit they had me hooked) Bilbo is in the boat crossing the river to Mordor & Sam shows up to volunteer for drowning duty. Sam goes under & he's under & he's under & he's under & he's under & all the sudden I'm not in the show, I'm upset because the implausibility of what's on screen has brought me OUT of the show & awakened me in my chair. This repeats in Salome.  Personal view here! I get more upset with this as time goes on. It seems to happen more & more. In any case you should not miss this show. The singing & the dramatic interplay between Salome & her own mind is deviousness itself. Her interplay with the audience & the rest of the cast is sensual & calculating. You may remember there is a dance. I would have loved to be in house to see that done again. It was an excellent example of stretching time appropriately (it brings you into the tease & eroticism). This is a powerful show, necrophilia & all.  I must upgrade my rating to 4 1/2 stars. My pet peeve shouldn't be that powerful. Enjoy!
 I'll be getting this DVD, but I'm recalling the Laserdisc iteration.  Every praise heretofore said about Stratas and Varnay is absolutely true.  BUT, and somebody has to say it, it seemed to me that a clumsy clip was made at the end of Salome's dance.  In a microsecond she had turned 180and her backside was airbrushed.  Two questions arise if my perception was correct
 I'm an Adam Ant lover and this was one of the many films he did that I just had to own. I was quite suprised when I received it as there were several actors in it that I knew of. I can't say I'm a fan of Grace Jones, but I was suprised at the acting abilities of Robert Hayes. Most people will remember him for the idiot he played in Airplane, constantly spilling his drinks on himself. Perhaps he was unjustly typecast as this role helped bring out his acting abilites. The plot line of this movie is good and keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to see how it ends up. This is just one of those sleeper hits that probably didn't get good reviews or advertising.
 Not a top but but an energetic, sexy, realistic sci-fi action (more known round a globe after a title "Pacifica
 "Shock Labyrinth 3D revolves around a group of childhood friends who share a tragic and dark secret. Their friend Yuki went missing 10 years earlier in a haunted house attraction they snuck into. One night, the lost child shows up as an adult at her friends' front door, frightened and still dressed the same way she was when she disappeared. The group decide to take her to the hospital and upon arriving discover they are locked in the abandoned building with something or someone sinister playing with their minds.  Shimizu has a way with pulling you into his films and getting you emotionally involved. He takes you through all sorts of different emotions, from fear to sadness to empathy all in a 90 minute time period. His work goes so much deeper than what American viewers have seen with his "The Grudge movies.  Consumers and fans of intelligent horror films will love the "Shock Labyrinth 3D Blu-ray / DVD Combo Pack. The movie is an atmospheric and claustrophobic journey through the darkest parts of a person's mind. The fact that it was shot in the actual "Shock Labyrinth haunted house attraction in Japan helps with the distinctive character of the film. Besides a great movie available in both 2D and 3D, this has some impressive special features that make the whole package a worthy purchase.
 I agree totally with Mr. Bothelo.I found this little gem at Best Buy for $20.Like he said,the 1st night I had trouble staying awake reading sub-titles and all.However,even though I was geting kinda sleepy I noticed the 3d was good(ghostey at times though)and that why i bought the 3d tv and blu-ray 3ds for,good 3d.I'm glad I stuck with it,it was creepy,but complex,so i'll probabaly watch it again.Its a Japanese horror/ghost film decently done with good color,depth,and good 3d.I've spent much more on critically acclaimed 3d movies that I did not enjoy as much as this one.A classic ?? Not by any means,but worth $20 if you buy 3d blu-rays.
 I did not expect much from this film from the get go. The price (under $20) and the lack of accolades had me believing that this was going to be a mediocre film at best. I was wrong.  I will admit
 Amy Grant really came of age as a Christian performer with her 1982 "Age to Age album and concert tour, seen here on this video. "Age to Age signaled a transition from the folksy tunes of her earlier albums (no doubt influenced by the hippy-flavored Jesus Movement of the '70s) to more trendy and pop-influenced songs. A 22-year-old Amy absolutely shines in this concert video. She's both energetic and down-to-earth, and her enthusiasm infuses every song. I love her interaction with both the audience and the band. Also making an appearance is a young Michael W. Smith playing keyboards, before he struck out on his own. It's a treat to watch a young Amy and Michael performing together, and it's nice to see their life-long friendship at this early stage.  The only downside to the video is the middle section with songs performed by Amy's then-husband Gary Chapman. At first I thought he would sing only one, maybe two songs, but he ended up chewing the scenery for a total of FIVE songs, the last of which performed with Amy. Though Gary is a very talented singer and musician, his droll personality was such a downer compared with Amy's light-up-the-room charisma. And his sweaty-face close-ups didn't help with his appeal. The Gary section seemed really out of place in an otherwise flawless concert, which makes me wonder why they gave him center stage in the first place. Was it to give Amy a break and a chance to change outfits, or did her husband want a piece of the pie? Amy's concerts are best when she leaves her spouses out of the limelight (that goes for you, too, Vince).  Overall, this is a must-have for Amy fans, especially fans of her early work. Though it's out of print and not on DVD, you shouldn't have a problem finding an old VHS copy for sale for a decent price.
 Borderline is a fun, early 50s crime drama, played with some humor.  The chase across Mexico plotline is similar to Robert Mitchum's The Big Steal.  In addition to moving along nicely, Borderline has three other special qualities.  First, as always, Claire Trevor is great.  Second, you get to see Fred McMurray and Raymond Burr play bad guys and third, this seems to be one of the only oldies.com DVDs with good quality.
 Universal Pictures presents "BORDERLINE (1950  - (88 min/B&W) Starring
 Well, we have ballet noir (<a href="http
 Madeleine Haley (Claire Trevor) is an ambitious member of the Los Angeles Police Department.  When the chief calls for a "tawdry dame to infiltrate Pete Ritchie's (Raymond Burr) drug trafficking operations she pushes her way through a wall of male shoulders and lands the assignment.  Ritchie operates out of Mexico, and Madeleine contrives to throw herself at him until she sticks.  Before she has a chance to let out a breath and settle into moll-dom Johnny McEvoy (Fred MacMurray) breaks in on the scene, manages to find out when "the stuff is hitting the docks, and kidnaps Madeleine, presumably for insurance against the wrath of Ritchie. Without giving anything away, McEvoy has a few secrets of his own, which he is able to keep from Madeleine but which the viewer is privy to early on.  After Madeleine's abduction this becomes a chase movie.  McEvoy and Madeleine drive north, away from Ritchie and towards customers for their "stuff.  Of course, Madeleine intends to turn McEvoy over to the authorities as soon as they hit the border, so she'd better not fall for him.  MacMurray and Trevor have good chemistry together.  A few of their scenes sparkle, and they're convincing as people who are trying not to believe the worst of each other.  Raymond Burr is excellently sinister as the white suited bad guy.  This is one menacing dude.  I've tried to understand why this one is so obscure.  Good cast, nifty mistaken identity issues, interesting minor characters.  BORDERLINE has a lot going for it, and I'll bet you not one in a hundred film buffs have ever heard of it, much less seen it.  Maybe it's because it doesn't quite know what it wants to be - it's kind of film noir, kind of a chase flick, kind of a light romantic comedy.  Burr's character is menacing enough, but the director (William A. Seiter) never takes it to the next step.  The scenes where MacMurray and Trevor are threatened by him are defused too quickly.  Burr's last scene feels like the end of the movie, and it's an anti-climatic one, at that.  By then the real danger is past.  Maybe if the MacMurray character had been given a hard, inaccessible inner core (like Walter Neff in DOUBLE INDEMNITY, for example) we wouldn't find this one in the bargain bin at the used book store.  If not terribly memorable, BORDERLINE is entertaining enough.  The cast is much better than the material they've been given.
 Borderline, 1950 film  The film begins at a tall building at dusk. The US Treasury Department has two prisoners arrested for transporting narcotics. The man won't talk, the woman will cooperate. How does Pete Ritchie operate? Can they use a woman for undercover work? In Mexico six singing girls put on their act! Does it cross the borderline? Will Pete's henchman drink too much? Will Madeline Haley be able to gather information? John Maclin shows up to grab information on a boat shipment. A man is forced to talk. There is a dramatic shooting!  There is a plan to send a shipment north using Gladys LaRue as a "wife". The drugs are hidden in a false bottom and will go to the Los Angeles Zoo. A hidden camera records the shipment. Maclin sends a telegram with a hidden message; he has a secret! There is humor in the hotel room. But a warning sends them scurrying away. A farm cart blocks the road. Is it a trap? Shots are fired. Maclin comes up with an excuse for speeding, there a clever substitution! But they have to ditch their car. [Humor breaks the tension, but distracts from the seriousness of this story.]  They find a pilot to fly them to Ensenada. But there is a problem and they land on a beach. We learn more about the operation. There is a surprise for Maclin. Then a trap for Ritchie. There is another surprise at the Customs Office! They continue to the Los Angeles Zoo to make delivery. They meet at the Big Boss' place. The police raid the house and catch them all. A happy ending. A film like this never asks about the social culture that creates a demand for narcotics.
 I found this movie to be fun to watch. It has a fresh plot, that is kind of noce for a change. I sugest viewing it at least once
 This is an extraordinary production in every respect.  However, I'm only giving it a 4 star rating because it's an abridged version of the full 300 minute original.  If you want to savor every heartfelt minute of the original 300, consider buying Moses the Lawgiver for Regions 1 (US and Canada) and 4 (Central and South America).  This two DVD set plays on American DVD players and has English audio.  At the present time, the Region 1 and 4 DVD is available through Amazon.com.  You don't have to make do with the abridged version, or pay out for a DVD player to play Region 2 (Europe) as one reviewer did.  Stay closer to home and buy this one marketed for Latin America (with the original English audio)!
 This isn't deathless dance. The Strauss score is, well, Strauss
 Inspector Gadget is bored.  He's been so effective at fighting crime, there's no more crime for him to fight in the city of Riverton.  He's been so effective, that the police department is proud to unleash G2, a new, all robot upgrade in the form of a female detective.  While smitten with love at first sight, Gadget is crushed when G2 is assigned the case of the escaped Dr. Claw.  With Penny's prodding's, he conducts his own investigation, but his glitches keep ruining the day.  Will he keep his job?  Will anyone ever catch Dr. Claw? With all new actors (except D. L. Hughley as the voice of the Gadetmobile), this movie feels completely different from the first live action movie.  On the plus side, they stuck more to the conventions of the cartoon series, such as hiding Dr. Claw's face.  However, this movie doesn't have the humor of the original, relying mostly on slapstick to get laughs.  While it works, adult fans of the original will be disappointed.  The villain's plan is one of the most original means of committing a crime, and I loved watching the results once I finally figured out what they were up to. Kids were obviously the target audience of this film, and they'll love watching Gadget bumble into one mess after another.  Adults will be entertained as well, even if not to the extent that the first film led us to hope for.
 I've seen both the first and second Inspector Gadget movies. I was (and still am) a huge fan of the Inspector Gadget cartoon show (one of my all time favorites, actually), so I was really looking forward to when the first one came out. I was sorely disappointed in it. I found this one to be better. Here are some of my reasons
 We have a very mixed bag here. On the one end you have a poorly executed plot rife with clich&eacute;s and stereotypes. On the other hand you get an excellent back-story that far outshines the main one. Moon 44 is not your average B-movie fare. You get an interesting mix of good and bad that ultimately makes the movie worth watching&#8230; if you keep in mind certain things.  The first thing you need to keep in mind is the main plot can almost be completely discarded. It&#8217;s way too stereotypical and ultimately does nothing but give the good guys a reason to chase the bad guys and the bad guys a reason to be bad. This, more than anything else, makes Moon 44 no better than any other B-movie. Now that you have this in mind you can pave the way to see the excellent background story developing here. There are a couple of little sub-plots that really make the script shine. For instance there is a conflict between the pilot/convicts and their youthful navigators. This kind of storytelling makes for great drama and this is what&#8217;s pulled off perfectly. Other little things are going on in the back-story as well like the rivalry that turns into respect between Stone (Michael Pare) and one of the pilots Jake O&#8217;Neal (Brian Thompson) as well as several other tidbits. The great background characters and storylines are what save this movie from being just another clich&eacute;d B-Film.  The acting is also a mixed bag. Michael Pare doesn&#8217;t bring anything different to the table here with his tough-guy special operative role and Malcolm McDowell&#8217;s performance didn&#8217;t really give anything fresh to the movie either. I can&#8217;t really blame Pare and McDowell too much as their roles are a victim of a canned script. Dean Devlin however gives a brilliant performance as Tyler, the good-natured navigator who comes to terms with hard realities. I always enjoy seeing Brian Thompson in a film and I believe he is often an underrated talent. Other notable performances come from Leon Rippy and a quirky yet heartfelt performance by Stephen Geoffreys. As far as the rest of the supporting cast you do get some great performances. Overall the acting is quite good, save for a few standard performances  The sets look like this movie comes out of the Alien universe, which means they look cool and functional. You don&#8217;t get many dark and eerie Sci-Fi sets like that those anymore. The design for the gun ships is pretty cool even though they are still just helicopters. The robot attackers look cool, but you would think they would have had robot ships and not robots flying ships. I guess you can explain that away for various reasons, but it still sits odd with me. The special effects are serviceable considering this is a low budget movie. Probably the model work will be the thing that is most evident of a limited budget. Still I prefer to take all things into account and can easily forgive the limitations as the model work still looks reasonably realistic, and compared to other B-movies it&#8217;s downright excellent.  Moon 44 is a B-Movie. No doubt about it. However it&#8217;s one of the better B-Movies out there. If it wasn&#8217;t for the weak main plot and script that followed it you would have a truly great movie. As it stands the film is saved by very strong character development, great acting, well executed sub-plots, and better than average special effects. You will get a good movie if you can get past the main storyline, which isn&#8217;t too hard, as it seems to only be there to move events forward. If you&#8217;re just out for flashy effects and lots of action then I suppose you won&#8217;t find this movie as interesting as I did. For those of you driven by story and character development I say with Moon 44 you will find a diamond in the rough.
 Honestly, my expectations when approaching "The Wild Hunt were fairly minimal. Even though this feature played very well at the edgier film festivals, something about the DVD's marketing made me believe that the movie might devolve into a rather pedestrian horror film after setting up its intriguing premise and setting. However, that didn't happen. The movie retained its integrity by remaining a psychological thriller where ordinary people are pushed into extreme circumstances. Whether or not you understand and appreciate the realm of Live Action Role Playing, it certainly makes for an undeniably interesting and dramatic atmosphere. Most entertainment that has featured the LARP phenomenon (Role Models, for example) have done so for comic affect. "The Wild Hunt, however, inserts the viewer right into the heart of such a game--revealing both its inherent silliness and its romantic allure. But when can fantasy go too far? This is the question that haunts the central characters of the movie as a game spirals out of control.  The story charts the progression of Erik. When his aloof girlfriend starts to become more distant, he attempts to reinvigorate their bond. But she has been caught up with a new man in the fantasy world of weekend game play. Following her to a big tournament (in which his brother plays a prominent role), he soon finds himself an unwitting part of the game. His only hope to communicate with her soon becomes a love quest as he assumes the role of a Viking hero. Real feelings, jealousy, and pride soon infect the fantasy realm and quitting the game isn't as easy as it would seem. In fact, as tensions rise, a real danger starts to bubble to the surface. But how will it manifest itself? And who, if anyone, will remain immune to the escalating tension?  First of all, the movie scores high marks for presenting a unique and different world. I felt like I was watching something with a fair amount of originality--because this isn't a setting that has been explored in many dramatic features. I further appreciated that it didn't immediately devolve into a violent free-for-all. The characters remained relatively rational and stayed true to the context of the game. That was part of the film's appeal--how it balanced the eccentricities of its setting with real world decisions. The film works on several levels and scores with a delightfully off-kilter, but believable, ending. Exciting, silly, sad, funny--"The Wild Hunt certainly doesn't aspire to an Academy Award. But it is fitfully entertaining, surprising, and original and accomplishes the modest goals it set out for itself. If it sounds like you'd enjoy it, you probably will! KGHarris, 5/11.
 When I read the premise of this movie, as well as the outline, it all sounded rather silly and undoable. I was wrong. Could this have been done better? Probably. Given greater resources, it would have picked up a smoother sheen and probably a bit better scripting. But, given everything, this is a remarkable effort.  Here's the scoop. Erik is taking care of his deteriorating father. His girlfriend has left him to hook up with the king of a Live Action Role Playing ensemble. He heads to the roll playing compound to win her back. They are in the midst of a game which stretches out over days. Eric's brother, Bjorn, (who has abandoned Erik in regard to father care responsibilities) is also a role player. Together they try to make all things right.  This movie is amazing in its own right. As others have mentioned, a large amount of respect is paid to the players. They retreat to this world and give it everything they've got while involved. They are organized. They have a well built compound for the games. They have walkie-talkies for communication. They have referees and judges if something needs to be ruled upon. And they party hard when the day's games have finished. The film makers, though, do juxtapose them to the real world and don't shy away from showing that there is a certain amount of silliness to it all. You see this duality in the girlfriend, Lyn, (played by a very fetching Kaniehtiio Horn) who is at once drawn to the splendor and magnificence of it all, but put off when the fantasy is played too strongly. There are hints as to where all this is headed. You have two men in two worlds both vying for the same woman. Something has to give and it does so in brutal fashion. Things do escalate and things do get out of hand. The climax is both sad and horrifying. I feel the film makers should have showed the authorities getting involved at the end. It only makes sense but, for whatever reason, they chose not to.  This was done on a rather limited budget but done extremely well. The camerawork was good enough but some of the shots were downright gorgeous. Editing and music were decent as were the costumes. Were this a larger Hollywood project I couldn't have given it 4 stars, but all things considered, this is more than a commendable outing. If you're at all into role playing games, this is worth seeing. If you're only mildly interested, as am I, it's still more than worth the time needed to watch it. Enjoy
 Erik chases after his girlfriend who has left him to live in a fantasy Live Action Role Play community. A stranger in a very strange land, Erik stumbles and has to partner with his estranged brother Bjorn, who has no life outside the game, and various players and referees (including a "Mexican Viking"). Yes, it's a quest. Along the way, Erik learns the ways of this new realm, rescues the girl, and reconciles with both his brother and his girlfriend. The game brought them together, but some people are sore losers.  In some ways, The Wild Hunt resembles The Wicker Man (the original, mind you)
 Obviously this is a low budget production so viewers may want to keep some of the usual issues that accompany films like this in mind, especially amateurish acting. I must say though, none of the problems that typically plague indie films seemed to bother me here and I think that's due to the concept, dedication of the cast, fantastic wardrobe and the dizzying change in tone. It all just seemed to work so well, nothing really put me off at all. Admittedly I did do a ton of laughing but most of it was uncomfortable chuckling brought on by embarrassment and I attribute that to the films constant shifting from medieval era decorum, which was easy to get lost in, to modern day mannerisms and lingo.  Just when things seem like they cannot possibly get any "geekier, a claustrophobic madness slowly creeps in and the film goes from nerdy fantasy to frenzied nihilism. The Wild Hunt is a heart-pounding thriller with gruesome sequences of savagery and a jaw-dropping finale that spells the beginning of a successful career for filmmaker Alexandre Franchi. I'm not at all surprised that IFC Films picked this up.
 I didn't know what to expect from "The Wild Hunt". But I didn't expect it to be so harrowing, and so devastating. Having seen a few documentaries about real life LARPers, the concept is familiar to me. But this is a fictional story. The main character is a very likable, attractive guy named Eric, who crashes his big brother's weekend LARP event to find his runaway girlfriend. He just wants to bring her home, and thinks this is all pretty ridiculous. You probably will, too. But there is something deeper at work in these people; a longing for a greater purpose outside their everyday lives, for sure. But in addition to that, the event becomes an outlet for darker, more horrifying tendencies in others. Although the plot is very unlikely, and out of character for LARPers, who are known for being bookish, detail and rule oriented, you could say this is a nightmare scenario.
 A gutsy, confident movie. Fine, realistic portrayals of awkward, uncomfortable people. Takes you slowly and assuredly to places you never would have, at the beginning, expected.
 I remembered seeing this movie with my parents when I was a child. I always remembered Lew Ayres &amp; the final moments of the movie - powerful, but it brought tears to my eyes. Compared to todays war movies, it is dated, but it is a must if you want to know what movies were like back in the 1930's. Lew Ayres portrays the young soldier with conviction, and you are taken back to the 1st WW and what many of our fathers/grandfathers went through. There are scratches, even on the DVD version, yet you know it's part of the 1930's so you don't mind. A great movie for anyones collection.
 This is a more realistic view of war, instead of the War Hero type movies you may be used to watching.  The reviewer below who wrote  As always, the book is better (someone by the name of Claire) complained about the sound and the fact that it was in black and white.  I don't know if Claire knows it (let alone would care) but I believe this was the 1st movie with sound throughout the entire picture and no subtitles (the original Jazz Singer came out a year before Western Front, but even though it featured Al Jolson's vocals, all dialouge was in subtitles).  Not only that, the war scenes (used by a revolving crane) introduced a new form of cinematography.  A Cinema professor showed it in class when discussing the beginning of the sound era in movies.  Lew Aires (who was 22 during the filming of Western Front) plays Paul Baumer, a soldier during World War I on the side of Germany.  As the movie begins, a teacher over-enthusiastically exhorts his students to fight for their country.  So Paul enlists and leaves enthusiastically to serve in battle. However, while seeing many of his comrades die in battle and after killing an  enemy  doesn't seem to be all it's cracked up to be, Paul has a change of heart. The DVD version talks about the original book written by Erich Maria Remarque and some of what went on the set and features biographies of the cast members and director Lewis Milestone.
 I am going through a phase where I want to see every movie that the so-called Academy granted  Best Picture .  This film won in 1929 and I think was the third such feauture to receive this honor.  The quality of the DVD is good when you think of how old the film is.  The poor quality that arrives at times adds to the history of the film and film making in general.  I wouldn't watch it without it.  This is a war film that makes no claims to be anything else.  It brings to life the realistc brutality, comradeship and emotional strains involved with living on the battlefield.  The film makers did a tremendous job on recreating war in France while filming just outside Hollywood.  The explosives are real.  Turn up the volume.  The non-stop bombing might just begin to brush your nerves as if you were there.
 This movie, based on the Remarque novel, is the quintissential anti-war film. Released shortly after sound was crawling its way through the art of motion pictures, it threw the whole world on its ear. Later on in the 1930's, Adolf Hitler decreed that the film not be shown in Nazi Germany, due to its  defeatist  and  unpatriotic  view of World War I, which Hitler fought in with some level of distinction. One could say that the dictator's dislike of the film ensures that it is a great film--and it is. Lew Ayres plays a young German man who is highly influenced by a teacher who sings the praises of the German military, which desperately needs young men to fight for  the Fatherland.  He finds out after extensive and grueling drilling by a haughty officer that glory in battle demands a high price. However, once in actual combat, he finds out the reality of war is so much different
 Long before Platoon and Saving Private Ryan, a pacifist antiwar film dedicated to the soldier's point of view had them queuing round the block. An enormous critical and financial success, All Quiet On The Western Front was made in 1930 for the then enormous sum of $1.25m. The story of the inglorious fate of young German soldiers in the trenches of the Great War, it was made at a time when the actors and the public could remember the panic and the enormous numbers of dead. Thoroughly sensible and honest, this story claims to be 'neither an accusation, nor a confession, and least of all an adventure'. How many other war films have the guts to wear such a broken heart on their sleeve?
 I have read the story both in English and in German. It is a classic tale describing the uselessness of warfare from the viewpoint of the soldier who is caught in the middle between two warring nations and/or cultures. He, as does most everyone, wants to be a hero, but what is heroic when you are cold, wet, and hungry. His death came, although the movie doesn't make this clear, after World War I is over. In reply to a dispatch from Berlin asking how things were came the answer
 It's a shame this American-made film portrayal of a WWI German unit trapped in the vanity of trench warfare didn't have currency in 1930's Germany. It might have made a dent in the German people's hunger for the bellicose rhetoric happily supplied by the young National Socialist movement.  Alas, we forget too soon.  The acting and cinematography, advanced seventy-seven years ago, seem primitive to the modern eye. Yet the whole production prepares the viewer gradually for the gut-wrenching final scene. A war-weary 'Paul' reaches out from the mire of his entrenched position to pick up a butterfly, the most unlikely provider of color in the flattened landscape of France. Meanwhile, a French sniper draws a bead. After the shot is fired, we see the hand of this most poignant of veterans - returned to the front with just days left on his tour - go limp.  This film remains an important paragraph in cinema's long conversation regarding warfare and the craftmanship employed, ineffectively, to ward it off.  Somehow, amid the washed-out grays on the screen, humanity and its deep, repeating tragedy, come persuasively to life. And then die.
 This is a fine adaptation, capturing the loss of innocence of wide-eyed, fasinated school boys going off on a grand journey, who get lost in the horrors of war.  A fine lesson about WWI, it's sad to think that such memories would soon be forced upon a new generation.  This is also a fine example about our earlier cinema.  With fewer special effects, great story telling is at a premium.  But for this period, the effects are quite nice.
 This movie is so dated I had trouble sitting through certain parts of it, but the epic battle scene made it worth it. The "war to end all wars was particularly horrifying in that it became a war of assembly-line production--a race for more troops, more bullets, more guns, more artillery, more destruction and death. Entire armies were raised, trained, and then maneuvered into senseless anhiilation and for what--a few meters of muddy, shell-pocked terrain. This was truly one of the most grotesque and stupid conflicts of all time and this movie captures it. During the major battlescene, there is something automatic, assembly-line like the way the waves of hapless French soldiers move forward over shellholes, into the mouth of a German artillery barrage, then mercilessly cut down by German machine gun fire. Then the trenches are stormed, the German defenders bayoneted in rows, clubbed to death, hand-to-hand combat with trench shovels, fists and gun butts. The Germans flee, regroup, launch their own human wave assault, are shot down in swathes by machine guns, take the trenches back. In the end, the landscape of trenches is filled with dead bodies, destruction and carnage, yet nothing has been achieved, just death and killing. It goes on again, until everybody is finally killed. Truly senseless and without glory--a good solid antiwar movie.
 This film still retains much of the power of the story of this miserable trench warfare. Although I am not sure how digital restoration works with this film,  I wish it had a little more crispness to some of the sequences. Overall I enjoyed  (almost an oxymoron) it immensely and will share it with friends and family  for years to come. I consider it a great asset to my historical film library and would recommend it without hesitation. The fact that the main character played by Lew Ayres became a pacifist during WW II is a statement of the impact that it made on his life.
 Kudos on the digital restoration. Video is really quite good considering what they were working with. Sound is vastly better (though some scenes still have more hiss than I was expecting). Past VHS or DVD versions of this movie were so flawed visually and audibly that it was difficult to appreciate the film.  The enclosed booklet has some interesting tidbits that they somehow managed to dredge up (like the telegraph from Howard Hughes complimenting the director on the film). And including the silent version was an excellent addition. But what about a commentary track? Or a documentary to put the film into perspective with other anti-war films? I'm guessing they blew the budget on the restoration. So it goes.  Excellent film... now in a presentation that is very watchable.
 I probably saw "All Quiet on the Western Front for the first time in the mid 50's. I was a young boy at the time and saw it as an adventure film. I later saw it several times and, of course, its powerful anti-war atmosphere really struck home during the Vietnam era. I am now in the process of re-reading books and re-watching films from my younger days. The idea is to see the effect they have on me now. Both the book and the movie of "All Quiet on the Western Front have more than held up. Set aside any prejudices you have against black and white movies. Set aside any prejudices you have against a slightly old-fashioned theatrical style of acting. This is a very powerful film about human beings trapped in the horror of war. What is going on Iraq now is exactly what these young men experienced in WWI.
 This is a much better adaptation than the later (70's?) version.  I show it to my Sophomore English class.   It's interesting to cross over our discussion of the novel to the film adaptation, and discuss why the story is re-ordered in the film. It's also interesting to compare to more current war films and discuss differences in film-making. It is my understanding that many of the extras in this film were actual WWI soldiers helping to re-create battle scenes. I feel that many of the best battle scenes ever captured on film were done in this movie. (With very few 'special' effects!)
 I was pleasantly surprised at how well done and acted this movie turned out to be.  I'm a huge Zombie/apocalyptic movie buff and this has been one of the most realistic in regards to understanding how the dead can comeback and live.  It made me come away with actually believing that something like this could actually happen one day.  It took a while for the "good stuff to happen, but it was interesting to watch how this bacteria began to mutate and turn it's victims into mad raging killers.  I seriously dug this enough to actually write this review.  My only complaint and why it only gets four stars and not five is that it ended too soon.
 Ok it was good, actually it was very good though its a slow subtle start and just when it picks up and gets heated with zombie mania the film ends; but that's a good thing since you can then go and watch "The Walking Dead', 'Dawn of the Dead', '28 Days Later' or any other zombie film and finally feel like you understand how all the madness came to pass.  Now its pretty realistic except for two pieces in the story line that just doesn't add up.  You have a doctor who has discovered a miracle drug for HIV/AIDS, its experimental but performing so well everyone is urging him to publish the findings and get it approved but he doesn't feel its ready yet, he needs more sample cases, this is how meticulous the man is as a scientist, researcher doctor.  Now keeping this in mind he gets an emergency patient who's condition is critical. So what does he do? He uses the experimental drug on this patient.  Gross inconsistencies
 This movie was a rare thing for us zombie fans; it's another well made zombie flick.  If you are a T & A zombie fan, there's a little action for you, but no nudity, so you might have to pass.  If you are an adrenaline junkie zombie fan, you're gonna have to hold on for dear life until the end.  If you are a gratuitous violence/gore zombie fan, nope, pass.  You too would have to hold out to the end, and I'm not sure it will be enough.  If you like a thoughtful, well put together story with characters that have some development, or if you are an adult, this one is for you.  You'll like it and it has a nice climax at the end.
 Modern civilization and primitive tribal groups do not have the same worldview - and it is this discrepancy that is examined in Werner Herzog's excellent Australian film.  A mining company has located a terrific reserve of valuable uranium in the desert of the outback...but the only problem is that the Aboriginal elders are guarding this land as one of their holiest sites..for here the green ants dream.  These green ants - actually green termites, have a special sense that orients them to the earth's magnetism so they are wonderful predictors of weather.  If their homes are dug up, then the Aborigines' universe, their sense of time and place, will be uprooted.  So the people attached to the land argue in court their right to this ancestral holy spot.  Some of the village elders are depicted by wonderfully wise Bushmen.  That alone makes this a fabulous film.  The director treats his themss with dignity and quiet power.  See it.
  Mary Poppins  has been around so long that it is hard to review objectively. I saw the film in the movie theatre in 1980 when I was 14 years old, and all my expectations were surpassed. There is so much to love about it, it's hard to analyze it without evoking sentimental memories of childhood. While not quite in the same caliber as  The Wizard of Oz , yet much better than  Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , the movie does have irresistable assets
 Mary Poppins is one of the stand-out live-action movies that Disney has ever produced.  The songs are very memorable - who out there does not find themselves humming or singing along with the likes of "Chim-Chim-Cheeree"?  Julie Andrews will always be remembered for her role as Mary Poppins, and Dick Van Dyke absolutely shines as Bert the Chimney Sweep.  The story is top-notch and has a wonderful moral without being too "preachy".  The animated bit is a little flat by today's standards, but it adds a wonderful bit of whimsey to a stellar production.  Highly recommended to any family with children.  Then why only four stars?  Because there's a much better, two-disc, 40th anniversary edition that not only restores everythig to digital quality, but adds a second disc of deleted scenes, commentary, and many other cool new features.  Look for the new 40th anniversary DVD edition - it's worth waiting for!
 Really enjoyed seeing this again.  After seeing some of the artifacts from the movie in Florida, it was nice to see their original use!  The chinmey sweep song and dance "Step in Time is my all-time favorite out of the movie.
 This is one of my favorite musicals of all time featuring Julie Andrews as a brunette nanny who turns everyday activities into magical ones and helps a family remember their love for each other.
 This DVD set arrived quickly, and upon review, proved to be a most fine rendition of this 40-year-old film! I will watch this perdiodically, and enjoy it over and over again for a long time to come!  Thank you!
 This is an excellent movie for children and also the not so young...good family entertainment... our grandchildren (2---9yrs)Just love the movie and sing the songs when in the car etc... only downside!!! they now ask for the spoon full of sugar  if they have to take some medicine...lol lol...all in all a great movie that has not dated...no crash,bash or violence... just wonderful family fun movie....young ones just love it...
 This movie was purchased as a gift from my girlfriend to one of her buddies and she loves it.my girlfriend and her buddie both love disney flicks.
 For some reason, MARY POPPINS is a movie I have avoided through the years. I knew many of the songs and references to the film, but I never had a desire to see it. It seemed like it would be silly and cliche. Finally, I took the leap and began watching MARY POPPINS. For a while, I was sure I had been right through the years. Who cares about the Banks family and the cold and aloof Mr. Banks and the rather scattered Mrs. Banks? Because Julie Andrews literally lights up the screen as Mary Poppins, I kept watching. Her remarkable voice is a true gift and I could start putting songs I have heard into context. Enter Dick Van Dyke as the seriously miscast Bert. His fake Cockney accent was irritating and I just could listen to his voice. The story chugs along in its silliness. Then something truly magical takes place. The story and the characters come together and in my opinion, it begins when they make an emergency visit to the "ailing Uncle Albert played by the one and only Ed Wynn. Uncle Albert's illness? He loves to laugh and the more he laughs, the more weightless he becomes and he floats to the ceiling. His joyous laughter becomes infectious and soon Bert and the kids are floating with laughter much to the chargin of Mary Poppins. Here was the turning point and the rest of the film seemed delightful. Walt Disney's mix of live action and animation was ahead of its time. He was always the innovator and I can only imagine how the eyes of young children lit up seeing this magical spectacle on the big screen in 1964. Long before computer animation, special effects were created by hand. Dick Van Dyke's dance with animated penguins is a charmer. It's Van Dyke's physical comedy that fills the screen. Forget his fake cockney accident, just relish with delight his long-legged rubbery figure as he cheefully makes his  way across the screen. There could not have been another actress more perfect for the role of Mary Poppins as was Julie Andrews..lovely and young and beautiful, her songs are full of life and zest. No nonsense "practically perfect Mary Poppins puts on a serious face but you know she loves the Banks children and her roll in bringing the family together. Stern Mr. Banks melts into joy with his children and Mary Poppins brings the family together. We never know why Mary Poppins has magical powers. Even Bert seems to have magic in him. Mary flies over the streets of London with her open unbrella. She makes it all look effortless. MARY POPPINS was off to a slow start with me and I went with the flow and was led into a delightful fantasy. Everyone needs a Mary Poppins in their life!
 Of course, what do you expect when you watch Mary Poppings.  It was just as it has always been and will always be.
 For its time, this was a creative movie, and they managed to merge the animation in with the live-action scenes pretty well. Keep in mind that this is quite different from the book in some ways, but to be honest, the book is a bit bland compared to the movie. The film has more color, more fantasy, it's pretty awesome, and Julie Andrews does a simply wonderful job as Mary Poppins.
 The three most most purely astounding things about this 45th anniversary release of Mary Poppins on DVD is how very, very good it looks and sounds, how very young Julie Andrews and Dick Van Dyke both look - and how terribly shaky his grasp on his Cockney accent really was. In one of the lavish assortment of additional features and interviews, Mr. Van Dyke has sufficient confidence and self-deprecating humor to laugh about this.  In watching "Mary Poppins as an adult, I was also struck by how very much it was a musical showcase for the two stars, a series of elaborate and episodic set-pieces strung together upon the barest thread of plot
 This is the first Disney film released after I was born.  I got into this film because of the music.  It is perfect!!  Both Julie Andrews &amp; Dick Van Dyke were perfect in their roles.  Notice I use the word perfect as it was in the film.  Glad there are extras on the disc, surprising. ...
 Forty years old and still practically perfect in every way! Even at 2hr.s, 20 min. "Mary Poppins remains Walt Disney's crowning technical and artistic achievement; an effervescent eclectic blend of animation/live action and special effects that idyllically encompasses P.L Travers' enchanting best seller. Julie Andrews' London stage performance in `Camelot' so impressed Disney that he immediately began talks to secure her talents for his film. By the time shooting began, Andrews was playing Eliza on stage in `My Fair Lady'. That she was casually looked over for the lead in the film version of that play remains a mystery. But Lady's loss was Poppin's gain.  Andrews delights in the title role as the too good to be true nanny with just enough playful larceny lurking beneath her properly quaffed locks and bonnet. She arrives to take charge of the Bank's household and whip them into shape; wife Winifred (Glynis John), husband George (David Tomlinson) and their two children, Michael (Matthew Garber) and Jane (Karen Dotrice). Seems Jane and Michael have been giving the previous nannies a hard time. Actually, they're just a pair of lonely kids who desire the love and attention of their stoic dad. A lowly chimney sweep, Bert (Dick Van Dyke) helps provide Mary and the children with one of those supercalafragalisticexpialadocious bits of escapism set to magic; a fantastic frolic in the country complete with carousel ride, fox hunt and horse races. Yikes, tally-ho! There's so much to admire and celebrate in this perennial classic that it's best left to the home viewer to pop this one in for a jolly holiday of a good time!  Disney's deluxe, 2-disc DVD is a genuine treat. At long last, anamorphically enhanced for widescreen televisions, the transfer is generally quite smooth and solid for image quality that will surely please. Colors are rich and vibrant. Blacks are solid and deep. Whites are generally clean. Occasionally there is a hint of age related artifacts as well as some minor pixelization that breaks apart some of the background information, but these distractions are kept to a bare minimum. The audio is a brand new, and very engaging, 5.1 mix for the home theatre aficionado. Extras include the all new 50 min. documentary on the making of the film that is quite comprehensive. There's also some self congratulatory audio commentaries and `A Musical Journey' with composer, Richard Sherman. The rest of the extras are typical Disney catering to the tot's fanfare; a trivia game, special effects junket and some music video and short subject stuff. All in all this is a very nicely packed special edition from the Disney stable and one that's been long overdo. So get out your umbrella or go fly a kite; because "Mary Poppins is shear magic for the young and young at heart!
 Mary Poppins is a Walt Disney classic. Julie Andrews plays the title role and she won an Oscar for her flawless performance. Andrews is pure delight, wish I had a nanny like her as a youngster. Dick Van Dyke is a gem as well, great songs and dance numbers. Mary Poppins is a family treasure to be enjoyed over and over again. I highly recommend it.
 After being passed over for the role of Eliza Doolittle for the film version of MY FAIR LADY (the role she created on Broadway) for the more "loverly but less vocally-skilled Audrey Hepburn, Andrews was recruited for Mary Poppins personally by Walt Disney who offered the role to her on the spot after seeing her in CAMELOT. Once given a chance to prove her screen presence she managed to turn in a number of very memorable and diverse film roles, though she is mostly remembered for her two singing nanny roles, Mary Poppins and Maria von Trapp.  The 40th Anniversary DVD set of MARY POPPINS s chock full of interesting extras--interviews with Andrews and VanDyke, making-of featurettes, a game, etc. I found the black and white archival footage of the Hollywood Premier to be especially fascinating. Although there is nothing critical of the movie, the Disney studios, or Disney the man in these extras--and you do feel a bit manipulated into a sense of awe--MARY POPPINS was a great achievement that took Disney many years to pull off. You can't really begrudge the man his bragging rights. (In the trivia track of the movie, the studio is quick to assert that if the initial box-office take were recalculated based on current ticket prices, MP would be the top grossing film of all time, out-performing THE LORD OF THE RINGS, etc.).  The DVD extras also helped me to understand things about the movie that have always bothered me. The music, though catchy in its own way, is consciously composed based on elements of the British music hall which I think accounts for their slightly cold, alien quality (As an American unconsciously influenced by African-American and jazz idioms, I think my ear naturally craves minor chords and more complex rhythms). Also, the featurettes reveal that the books the movie was based on were really a collection of amusing stories rather than novels with beginnings, middles and ends. It was the Disney writers who consequently had to provide the overarching story line. And in bizarre and typical Disney fashion (who in their 50s today was not traumatized by the death of Bambi's mother? or Dumbo's separation from Jumbo?), it pivots on child abandonment issues. I remember seeing MP 40 years ago and being very upset by how blithely Mary floated out of the children's lives after having worked her magic--no promise to send post cards, visit once a year on their birthdays, or attend their graduations. True, she functioned as a catalyst in the life of the children's family and was responsible for turning the neglectful, business-obsessed father and women's-suffrage-obsessed mother into caring and attentive parents, but that does little to offset the bittersweet sadness of seeing Mary lift off and float out of the young children's lives forever. I remember thinking at the time, "She was just pretending to like the kids all along. Looking after them was just a job for her. How cold!  The true achievement of MARY POPPINS, however, was the way Disney combined animation with live action, something we probably take for granted today. Perhaps because it was harder to do this "back then", such sequences were well thought out in MP and never seem gratuitous. To those people who don't like to be shown "how it's done and want to preserve the mystery, I would say, just ignore the "extras disk. But I found the "how to stuff fascinating--especially Ed Wynn's laughing tea party scene and the phenominal chimney sweepers rooftop dance number.  The Anniversary edition of MARY POPPINS is worth the purchase price. You'll find yourself watching the movie AND the extras disk many times over.
 My 2 year old son and I love the film.  Nevertheless, this DVD is in widescreen "letterbox format, not anamorphic format like the description says.  For those of you who care, this DVD is *not* enhanced for 16x9 televisions.  Maybe the Platinum Edition will be?  Let's hope!
 I first saw this film in the theater, on it's premiere.  If I'm not mistaken, it was a very early multiplex in Los Angeles.  Of course I was captivated.  I saw it again, over the years, on T.V., "Wizard Of Oz style, with commercials, although the ads never seemed to attach themselves to film the way they did with the "Wizard", where I can still identify the scenes where the commercials are due.  Then, as I grew up, and older, I aquired a more jaded view of "Mary Poppins", and ignored it for more than a decade.  And, fairly recently, I happened upon "Mary Poppins on T.V., and realized that my memories were not accurate.  It was not the repulsive '60s musical, ala "Sound Of Music", with the obnoxiously blonde, dreadfully perfect, aryan, children; but a wonderfully escapist piece, with bytes of subversiveness, referring to suffragettes, and a woman's place in Edwardian society, and what they were doing about it;  a subversiveness that "SOM completely lacked, even with it's much darker Nazi overtones.  Can I strangle those brats with the drapes, now?  But lately, in watching the film, I notice that Cherry Tree Lane was all too awfully, a harbinger of the banal suburban housing tracts that dominate our lost farmlands and suburban sprawl, today.  One can see the imprimatur of Disneyland, and Disneyland Culture, all over this film, except that, when it debuted, this clarion call was not a part of the film that any, but the most clear headed, and most strident activists would have picked up.  Oh my.  But don't let that deter you, this is a wonderful film.  This is a product from an era when Disney was a film maker, and not the metaphor of all that went wrong with American society.  It was, after all,  our fellow Americans that took the message to heart, and made a mess out of it.  Don't let them screw it up for you.  I highly recommend this film for escapist entertainment, and I won't even feed a pidgeon, even in the company of children! (They're wild animals, like the Parrots of Telegraph Hill, and Chicago...)  This is a fine film.  Watch it.
 when i got the movie it was broken they called me when i left a review and asked what was wrong and they fixed the problum they are a good compiny!
 The price was fair.  Works fine and arrived on time.  I'm happy with it. This is extra text to meet the stupid minimum requirements from Amazon.
 Our daughter is 4 and she enjoys this movie.  She loves songs and we thought Mary Poppins would be a great movie to watch.  For example, she also loves Sound of Music songs.  To be fair, its hard to maintain the attention of a 4 year old and she doesn't quite get the whole story, so after a couple of attempts, we just use the section of the DVD that plays only the songs.  Its like a video jukebox.  I think when she is older, she can appreciate the story more but the dancing and singing sequences are still very entertaining.  They are dated but still classic.
 First let me say that I like this movie. I'm British by birth so I am duty bound to deduct one star for the most unsuccessful attempt at a British accent ever to be immortalized on film. It shows how much the standard of acting has improved when you hear the flawless British accents of actors like Rene Zellweger or Johnny Depp. Dick Van Dyke simply can't do a British accent and should never have been cast in the part. There was a British actor/singer at the time called Tommy Steele, who already had an impressive stage and screen resume and who would have been perfect in the role. However, he was overlooked for the bigger name (in the US) of Van Dyke. Ironically, Julie Andrews was passed over a year earlier for the movie of 'My Fair Lady' for the non-singing, but better-known, Audrey Hepburn (whose cockney accent was almost as bad as Van Dyke's). Andrews showed what a mistake that was by winning an Oscar for this film. However, that quibble aside, this is a joyous, entrancing movie.  The funny thing I referred to in the title of this review is that in most movie adaptations of books, like say the Harry Potter series, angry reviewers spend much time and energy complaining that the movies don't follow the books. Hardly anyone (I did find one such review) says that about 'Mary Poppins', even though the movie bears little resemblance to the book and, in particular, the character of Mary Poppins is completely changed.  Personally, I've never felt that movie adaptations need to follow the books on which they were based. Movies are a totally different medium and the only criterion should be whether the movie works as a movie. In that respect, 'Mary Poppins' works admirably.
 A delightful movie the whole family will enjoy. July Andrews sure did earn her Academy award.
 I can never remember.  Julie Andrews sang a little song about "pouring out when this first came out, but Disney cut most of the running tea gags on re-release -- so the whole teapot etiquette scene on Uncle Albert's ceiling is missing.  Maybe Juan Valdez slipped Mickey a little something under the table?  Dick Van Dyke's ersatz cockney accent seems to have aged severely over the decades, although Uncle Albert is now clearly bipolar.  Four stars.  If Eisnerville ever re-releases the original, with the tea jokes intact, it might be a five again.
 The DVD came in perfect condition and it came almost right away.  What more could a person ask for?
 It took me 40 years before I finally saw this film, in December 2004 shortly after it had come out with a two-disc DVD. After the first half hour I thought, "Wow, I can see why this is such a beloved movie but after that it started to lag in a number of areas and the songs were just too numerous. It seemed to go on way too long.   Yet, it's a good film worthy of anyone's collection and the DVD transfer is very good
 This was the first Disney movie released after I was born.  The music did it for me &amp; the musical numbers.  Not the best, other wise the movie was too long.
 I did it.  I bought a Disney movie -- I mean a kids-oriented one.  And then... I actually showed it to my kids (first I watched it again, just to make sure).  This is so totally out of character for me, that it *does* deserve a gasp of surprise.  Because Disney.  DISNEY!  No positive male role-models DISNEY!  Every male character is a fool, a tool, a slob, or a villain DISNEY!  Forget about little boys, because only girls are celebrated DISNEY!  And yes, I still think that is the case for Disney.  And I wonder who all those little girls will grow up to marry, when all the boys are fools, tools, slobs, or villains.  But Julie Andrews.  JULIE ANDREWS!  Mary Poppins!  So I cracked.  And I bought it.  And I had a few twinges on my view-through -- the put-down of men as "rather stupid in Mrs. Bank's first number; and the presumption that Mr. Banks' flying a kite with his children was somehow MORE valuable than his daily providing for them (I do appreciate the value of kite-flying, just not the value judgment); and the idea that the kids will respect a nanny who is sweet and pretty, but not one who smells weird.  But I went ahead and showed it to the kids, and I'm so glad, because we have been singing the songs like crazy and laughing a lot.  The absolute fantasy of it is marvelous, and the songs are beautiful.  I like how Bert treats Mary.  I like how straight Mary is, as though she isn't magical, when she clearly is.  Very nice.  Now I'm wondering about Bedknobs and Broomsticks.  Would anyone be so kind as to enlighten me about whether that one is as good?  Thanks!
 First Of All, Disney Did Mary Poppins A Dishoner in my opinion. They put out a Disney Enhanced Home Theater Mix That Does Nothing To Enhance The Sound but add a bunch of reverb in the rear speakers and actually muddles the sound in my opinoin. Then they went and sweetened the sound effects by adding sounds that weren't in the original movie audio track. This is a no no! You don't Tamper with the original sound. All the sounds you hear must be faithful to the original film nothing added and nothing taken away. The original 2 channel audio track is the best sounding audio track on this release. Now if you still want my opinion, an earlier release of the film called the Mary Poppins Gold Classic Collection that was released in the 90's had the best audio track on it. Why disney didn't include this track I don't know but all the sounds were seperated and placed in individual speakers and no sweetening or reverb was added to the sound. Only this Gold Classic 90's Version of The release did not have 16x9 enhanced widescreen. Oh the film was presented in it's original widescreen but not enhanced to fit a widescreen TV. So as a consumer you are better off with the 40th anniversary edition. And one note, go into the audio settings and change the audio to the original 2 channel stereo and you'll get much better sound over the other choices unfortionatly. Not 5.1 surround but its better than the other 2 disney enhanced home theater mixes. Plus one more thing Disney did a dishoner with was removing the original Buena Vista Fanfare at the beginning of the movie in the 40th and 45th Anniversary Editions. Shame On you Disney. This release is not practically perfect in every way!
 No doubt this is a fantastic movie. Ask anyone. But there's one thing about this production that makes me want to break the disc over my knee
 At one point near the beginning of "Mary Poppins", the character of Bert, played by Dick Van Dyke, looks upwards at the heavens and contemplates aloud, "Winds in the east, mist coming in, like somethin' is brewin' and bout to begin. Can't put me finger on what lies in store, but I fear what's to happen all happened before. Yes Bert...the winds carry the stench of "Revolution". Che Poppins, affixing urban camoflauge paint to her face in a cloud not far overhead, only needs the wind to change direction before she officially brings her own brand of childcare carnage to the big screen.  We're soon introduced to the Banks family, living in the upscale suburbs in turn of the century London, England. Dad is a capitalist and entrepreneur, battling daily doses of smog, mutinous home workers, and a wife deeply involved in an underground anti-government organization, all the while bringing home the bacon and trying to keep his home ship-shape (his neighbor takes that phrase to a whole new level). But Papa Banks also has two impressionable offspring, both intent on driving their daycare workers to the brink of madness. They too have demands, which they list clearly on a manifesto brought forth and read aloud to the governing parties of the house regarding any future nannies
 Jane and Michael Banks (Karen Dotrice and Matthew Garber) don't want another strict, unfriendly nanny. Their father (David Tomlinson), a banker, believes that they need discipline and strict guidance. Their mother (Glynnis Johns), a leader of the Women's Suffragette movement, seems to agree with the children, but can't really say so. The next morning, Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews) arrives and takes the job, based on an advertisement the children wrote. Soon, she is leading the children in song, displaying her magical spells and clearly enchanting the children in each and every way. She introduces the children to Bert (Dick Van Dyke), a street performer who seems to have some history with Mary and they are off on a magical journey.  "Mary Poppins", released in 1964, represented a magical blend of live action and animation that, at the time, was technologically very advanced. Disney just released a 40th Anniversary DVD, complete with a second disc of interesting extras.  Watching the film again, I was struck by how rudimentary the special effects seemed. Then, remembering that this film was made in 1964, these same special effects became charming and wholly fitting for the story. The story is told through the eyes of the Banks children, and the use of these special effects helps to put us in their shoes. The story is set in Victorian England and it seems completely realistic that children in this era would see toy soldier marching into a toy box (stop motion), jump into a chalk drawing (2D animation) and watch their nanny sing to a bird (animatronics). The outdated look of these effects serves the point of view of the story beautifully and adds to the charm of it. We actually get a feeling that we are looking at a picture book as we watch the film. I can't even imagine how slick and uninviting the same film would be if it were made today, with CGI special effects coming out of the woodwork.  Yes, the film is very saccharin at times, but this helps to define the viewpoint of the children as well. The story is told through their eyes. The struggles of their mother to win `the vote', their father's troubles at the bank, life in England at the turn of the 20th Century, are not going to be delved into too deeply. The children don't know about these problems. If the film started dealing with the mother's attempts to lead the suffragette movement, for instance, the viewpoint and the story would become off-balance.  One of the most delightful things about "Mary Poppins is the musical score containing many classic songs.  I've seen this film, or parts of it, dozens of times over the years. I think that even if you have seen it only once or twice, you probably remember many of the songs. "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious", "Step In Time", "Spoonful of Sugar", "Jolly Holiday and "Perfect Nanny are all songs that I remember, and I can even sing a couple of lines for most. The true mark of a good Broadway musical is that you leave the theater humming the tunes. The same holds true for a musical film. All of the best musicals remain classics because we remember the songs. The Sherman Brothers created a great score of music and songs all of which served to enhance and supplement the story.  Watching the DVD, the second disc contains a making of documentary, a musical reminiscence with Julie Andrews, Dick Van Dyke and the surviving Sherman brother, a new animated short with Julie Andrews taking her grandchildren into a new chalk painting where they meet "The Cat That Looked Like A King and more. There is also a brief featurette showing how the live action photography of Van Dyke and Andrews walking along the path for the "Jolly Holiday number and the live action photography of "Step in Time was superimposed with animation. While watching the making of documentary, I learned an interesting fact. Disney wanted the film to look like a Broadway play. All of the sets were fabricated on sound stages, adding to the idealized look of the entire film. "Chimpanzoo", a deleted song is also included. Sung by Richard Sherman and illustrated by story boards for the deleted sequence, presumably, it would have been part of the "Jolly Holiday number. It is probably better that it was left out of the film.  There are a lot more features on the second disc, too many to list. As is the case with the best Disney DVDs, it appears that they have included everything they could get their hands on. This makes the DVD a must-have for film scholars and collectors. Essentially, the best Disney DVDs are encyclopedias on the making of the films. Filmmakers, enthusiasts and scholars have the opportunity to learn so much from these DVDs, even if a lot of the material is sugar-coated.  This is Julie Andrews's first film. Before this, she appeared on Broadway and in a television version of "Cinderella". It is a truly remarkable, accomplished performance, amazing for someone acting in their first film. Andrews brings just the right blend of friendship, guidance and stern leadership to the role. Hand in hand as she enchants the children, she appears slightly annoyed at various points. And what is the relationship between her and Bert? These are questions left unanswered by the film, thankfully. If they were to remake this film, the filmmakers would probably feel it necessary to make her a former barmaid or tarted up boozer, make her back-story more explicit.  Dick Van Dyke was a more established star at the time. His television show was in full swing and he had previously appeared in the Broadway and film versions of "Bye Bye Birdie". It might seem strange that a rising star would take what is essentially a supporting role, but I think he made a wise choice. He brings an unabashed enthusiasm to the role which is also very fitting. The entire film is meant to be seen through the eyes of Jane and Michael. Naturally, they would see a character like Bert as the neatest guy in the world. Van Dyke created a role that he will always be remembered for.  "Mary Poppins is a classic. Every spoon full of sugar helps the film remain a classic in each and every way.
 One of Disney's very best musicals, Mary Poppins is an unforgettable children's classic. It combines memorable songs that get stuck in your head with the forward and sarcastic dialogue of the unsurpassable Poppins, and a psychedelic story that employs superbly integrated traditionally animated characters. Part fairy tale, part daydream, and all magic, the sights, songs and laughs propel this Academy Award-winning picture (Andrews took home the Oscar for Best Actress, and the film was nominated for a whopping 13 golden boys - the most of any Disney film) to the top of the lists for the greatest family films ever made.  The story begins with Bert (Dick Van Dyke) playing the role of guide and narrator, ushering the viewer to the home at 17 Cherry Tree Lane (as if inexperienced in the technique, the camera cuts on several occasions during the trip, taking the viewer out of the notion of following Bert). The sixth nanny in four months is about to dash out the door, upset at the constantly preoccupied Winifred Banks and her two misbehaving children who have once again gone missing. When Mr. George Banks (David Tomlinson) comes home, he's furious at the disorder, blames the kids and his wife, and insists upon personally hiring the next nanny. The two children, Jane and Michael, create their own list of requirements for the prospective woman, but George scoffs and throws the paper into the fireplace.  The following morning, dozens of elderly ladies line the front yard, waiting for an interview for the newly open position. But with a powerful gust of wind, the lot of them is replaced by Mary Poppins (Julie Andrews), who descends from the clouds with her umbrella and carpetbag and, mysteriously, the children's list of preferences. Banks is all seriousness and professionalism, but he's no match for the tricky verbal wizardry of Poppins, who not only hires herself, but initially agrees only to a trial run. After dismissing the befuddled man of the house, she slides up the staircase (in a peculiarly reverse Exorcist-like manner) to meet the children, and unpack her empty carpetbag (pulling out a hat rack, mirror, lamp and more).  Poppins uses magic and singing (starting off with the very famous "A Spoonful of Sugar song) to tidy up their room (tables, toys and doors all flap about in another playful scene reminiscent of The Exorcist), and the trio departs for the park. There they meet Bert, who is creating chalk masterpieces on the sidewalk, and with a little more magical help from Mary Poppins, embark on a fun-filled adventure into his artwork - firstly on a jolly holiday in a picturesque English countryside (the kids are curiously absent for the first two lengthy sequences with dancing penguins and barnyard animals) which segues into a merry-go-round horse ride through the park that transforms into a fox hunt and then a derby.  At first it seems that practically perfect (and rather vain) Mary Poppins is there to straighten out the wily kids; as the film progresses it's evident that Mr. and Mrs. Banks are the ones she's there to fix; George is a well-ordered man absorbed with his work, and rarely has time for his children and their unseemly hullabaloo (or the sugary female thinking of his wife), while Winifred is leading women's rights movements - an act contrary to her subservient attitude toward her husband.  A cheerful creativity surrounds the whole film, from the laugh-filled tea party on the ceiling of Uncle Albert's home, to the senile but punctual admiral who commands a ship atop his house, to the tongue-twisting silliness of "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious. The songs are some of the best in any of Disney's films, the mixing of traditional animation with the live action characters is fantastic, and Andrews' performance is (spit) spot-on. Although the running time is noticeably lengthy for a family film (the following year's The Sound of Music was, of course, even longer) and the scripting of Poppins changed drastically from the original story by P.L. Travers (for the better), it is one of the most memorable and delightful musicals from Walt Disney - one that hasn't aged and remains universally entertaining.  - Mike Massie
 This third series of Inspector Lynley Mysteries finds Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers (Sharon Small) demoted to Detective Constable on account of her assaulting a fellow officer with a flare gun, as you may recall from "Deception on His Mind", the last film in Series 2. Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) is now a married man, but his wife, Helen Clyde (Leslie Vickerage) is in the background in all but one of the films. As is common to Elizabeth George mysteries, these stories revolve around the sordid secrets of dysfunctional families. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels observe that the Sergeant Havers of the films is essentially a different character than that of the books. The differences are more pronounced in Series 3, as some effort has been made to make Barbara less frumpy with respect to wardrobe and makeup. Inspector Lynley's longer, tousled hair and more laid back attire may or may not increase his sex appeal, but they make him seem less aristocratic.  I find the films in this Series to be about equal in quality, but it is important to watch them in order.  The four films in Series 3 are "In Pursuit of the Perfect Sinner", "A Traitor to Memory", "A Cry for Justice", and "If Wishes Were Horses". The films are each about 90 minutes long. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels will notice that "A Cry for Justice and "If Wishes Were Horses are unfamiliar titles. They're not based on books. Elizabeth George has given the BBC permission to use her characters  in original movies for which she has script approval. Six films not based on her novels have been approved thus far, so we will be seeing at least 4 more of them in the future. For those who are nervous about the direction the films are taking, I quote Elizabeth George from a Washington Post online interview
 I am new to the Inspector Lynley mysteries, and have been hooked on the show since watching the first series via streaming through a movie rental website I subscribe to. I love the brilliant crime stories and the investigative team of DI Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) and DS Barbara Havers (Sharon Small). Each episode is filled with drama, tension, and psychological insights, almost always dealing with flawed individuals who are driven to extreme acts out of desperation, greed, etc.  Series 3 is another excellent series of shows containing four episodes in all. Unfortunately, the packaging for this set is simply awful. The DVDs are crammed into a small DVD box and the manufacturers, for some inexplicable reason, have chosen to place two DVDs on top of each other on either side. I do not see this set as value for money as the way the DVDs are placed in the box will probably result in scratches to the DVDs. In fact, I found the DVDs sliding around the case and at times had difficulty closing the box.  As for the episodes, the DVDs do not state the order in which they are to be watched, except for a description at the back of the DVD case. The episodes are to be watched in the following order
 I love Elizabeth George's books - have read all but two I think. I just finished watching this series on Mystery and just finished reading her new book "With No One as Witness (also good but with an unbelievable twist). Can someone help me? Was "If Wishes Were Horses - the last installment of this Mystery series - a book? Why does it completely contradict the storyline of "Witness"? I don't want to say too much to give away the story lines but if someone could help clear this up for me I'd really appreciate it.
 I love this series of books and have been reading them since they were first published.  I eagerly awaited the series and also enjoy it very much.  Like most adaptations of books into films there are a lot of differences between the books and the series.  Note to previous reviewer gci - I don't believe that there is a book titled If Wishes Were...  The twist that you refer to in the newest book is causing a lot of talk; if you are interested in some of it, I suggest a visit to the author's website at [...].
 I was born and raised in Italy, and I have visited Italy over a dozen times. I still have family and friends living all over Italy, and every time I go back, I always find something new to visit and explore. This incredible collection has introduced me to many locations that I was not familiar with.  Each featured region was beautifully represented with a lot of information about local cuisine, folklore and history. The scenery was perfectly selected in representing the cities and regions.  I have given a 4 1/2 star rating, because two major cities have been excluded from the series. Milan and Venice are two distinctive cities that truly desereved to be included
 I bought this triple BD for little more than $ 10. I like Italy very much and decided to buy it to have a overall view of that country. The video is 1080i, it is not bad, it would be better if it was 1080p of course. I miss the legends or captions, mainly in portuguese, however the narration is very clear and easy to understand even for a not American person. On balance I recommend this BD for its price. You can travel for almost all Italy sat on your own sofa!!!
 Wow three blu ray disks, well done. Limited coverage of prov. of Puglia and some of the larger cities (Venice,Rome,Milan). But still a great buy for the price. This was a TV series.
 Aerial-view is spectacular!  I love the fact it covers so many parts of Italy...from mountains to seasides, from region to region.  I would of given it 5 stars if they could only do walk along paths and if they had a host to interact with the locals...but still it is definitely worth getting for the beautiful aerial scenery!
 This DVD has gorgeous views of Italy.  The one draw back, is that some of the words are written in Italian, and it is hard to make out what the narrator is talking about.  But other than that, it is absolutely breathtaking, and well worth the money.
 I've loved this show since I was a kid! (I'm twenty now) The characters are very colorful and the acting is GREAT! The Aaahh!! Real Monsters series has to be one of the most intelligent and creative cartoons to appear on Nickelodeon. It's ashame that Nick took it off air.  I took off a star only because the VHS was recorded in EP mode. Other than the poor quality, this video is a must have for all Monsters fans.  Pssst...ARM fans
 I can't figure out why in the world this opera isn't done on a regular basis.  The Metropolitan has Dolora Zajick on its roster who has sung the title roll in opera houses all over Europe but not the Met.  Let's get a production going for her before she retires to her farm house in Reno.  As fas as this 1971 production goes, I can't tell if it's in color or black and white with a blue tint. Either way, the picture is grainy. the sets are cheap looking and the lighting certainly wansn't done with video in mind.  On the positive side we have the great Fiorenza Cossotto and the great Alfredo Kraus who make this DVD worth the purchase price.  Their scenes together(especially in acts three and four) are vocal dynamite.  For added excitement and great old fashioned Italian singing we have Sesto Bruscantini and Ruggero Raimondi with Olivero de Fabrities in the orchesta pit.  We may get a better production and picture of FAVORITA in the future, but nothing will surpass ths singing on this disc.
 I agree that the cast in this wonderful performance wasn't that even. However, that unevenness does not really subtract fromt he stupendous performances by Cossotto in the title role 'La favorita' and Kraus in the tenor role of Ferrando. Of the two major supporting roles, Ruggero Raimondi is an adequate friar, if not outstanding. However, Bruscantini as the King really throws much downhill 'relief' to the otherwise sky high level of performance. Put it this way - this performance is an out and out showcase of what 'bel canto' singing is about. Alfredo Kraus proved to be the best exponent of this genre in the mid to late 20th century, and the first decade of the 21st as well. He has more elegance and style than Pavarotti, if not the same prowess. His phrasing and messa di voce really put Pav to shame, if you allow me to say so. And he had a much more pleasing timbre than Juan Diego Florez, and far better nuances and characterisation to boot. In his prime, his high notes were done with far greater ease and smoothness than Florez, as his Act Iv aria 'La favorita de re' amply showed (compared with Florez's French version in the 'Bel Canto Spectacular' Album last year). Then, on the other hand, what non-bel canto singers could 'do' with bel canto works is also amply demonstrated by Bruscantini. Sloppy phrasing, missed notes, inaccurate enunciations, all in all resulting in pitch failures and articulation problems so glaring that one simply had to press the 'fast forward' button to skip the torture. Then in the middle of the road, Fiorenza Cossotto the famous Verdian mezzo, who demonstrates here that she 'knew' what is bel canto and how she could make the best out of it, though not an out and out bel canto expert. She has less of a stage presence than Kraus in that she was unfamiliar with portrayals of famous beauties than the Verdian mezzo characters like Azucena. A spectacular performance in many ways. Discounting the hiccups, still heartily recommended for all bel canto lovers and to anyone interested to know what actually is 'bel canto'. You will fall in love with Kraus and Cossotto.
 I was a bit put off in the beginning with the poor quality of the DVD, the picture seemed to be grainy.  The theater was very dark and you saw very little of the orchestra or the conductor.  But when the singers 'warmed up' you were impressed with the voices.  Donizetti's music, as always is so melodic you can close your eyes, sit back and soar!  The audience was enthusiastic in their applause, prolonged ovations; Leonora was visibly moved to tears after the ovation for one of her arias.  The cast was excellant, choreography for ballet scene was superb.  I was only slightly disappointed with the set direction and the quality of the filming of the DVD.
 Yes, a great performance, the music was beautiful but the quality of the DVD leaves a lot to be desired, the image was blurry and at times looked washed out and the intrusion of the prompter at times drove me to anger, but in spite of everything I am glad that I saw this performance and added it to my collection. Just the joy of hearing Cossotto, Kraus and Raimondi in their prime is worth the price of this item. Warts and all, I highly recommend it. If you are an opera lover you'll enjoy this rarely performed opera.
 By far the best recording I have seen of this, one of Donizetti's most famous operas.  Alfredo Kraus sings an especially fine Fernando.
 Like the third boxed set, a few titles you can live without, but some good movies are in here
 The second DVD James Bond Gift Set is even more oddly made up than the first set.  Perhaps one more Connery entry would have filled the bill (at least the third set will have all John Barry scores!).  And why Pierce  Brosnan's photo is on the box is a mystery - not one of his 3 films are  included here, although as others have mentioned there is a space to put  THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH in the box.  The audio commentaries for THE SPY WHO  LOVED ME and especially MOONRAKER are very disappointing (didn't some of  the first set films have 2 audio commentaryes?), but I cannot praise enough  the John Cork produced commentaries and little documentaries included.  Many Bond fans (myself included) consider ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE  the best film in the series, and it is nice to see it here.  I hope newer  fans who have never seen it give it a chance.  And as for all those other  reviewers - well, everybody has their own opnion, and several people have  come to Bond at different times.  Try not to say something is bad, but  rather that you didn't care for it.  Wouldn't that be more realistic?  After all - we're all fans.
 This isn't released yet, but anyone who has seen any of the Volume 1 giftset knows what to expect.  MGM has done a great job on these 007 DVD, and they demonstrate why DVD is worth owning.  The extra features are  great, and it shows that MGM spent the necesarry time to make a product for  the fans.  I am especially glad  On Her Majesty's Secret Service   is included in this volume.  One word of caution
 This Volume is fairly good, but doesn't deliver the goods as much as Volume one.  Here's how I would rate them from oldest to newest
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas.  He would watch the movies night and day, if I would let him.....  Shipping was fast.
 While I think Vol. 1 had more consistantly good films, Vol. 2 is no pushover.  *While Goldfinger will probably always be my favorite, From Russia with Love is still a great Bond film (with one of the best villians IMHO). While better than Dr. No, this one can be quite boring at times. *You Only Live Twice is one of Connery's weaker Bond films (see also Diamonds are Forever) and you couldn't believe how disappointed I was when Blofeld was revealed (the whole theater went crazy). I never believed for a second that James Bond looked Asian at all. *Diamonds are Forever was a big letdown after OHMSS, and Connery, who was looking too old for Bond at this point, should have stayed out and Lazenby should have stayed. Charles Gray was also a dud after Telly Sevalas perfected Blofeld in OHMSS. *Moonraker was basically a Star Wars knockoff. With all of the hype that came out of SW, Cubby Broccoli tried something new in having Bond go into space. This was actually a decent film up until the last 20 minutes or so. BTW, I can't stand Hugo Drax. *This is where I disagree with the previous reviewer. For Your Eyes Only is one of the best entries in the series, as Bond returns to earth after Moonraker. This is Roger Moore at his best (never lived up to Connery), and while the action is toned down a bit, it has the best Bond girl in Melina. A horrible villian and an annoying kid kept this from being higher on my list. The best Bond song was "For Your Eyes Only by Sheena Easton. *Growing up with Bond, I was initially disappointed when I went to see The Living Daylights. The villians are officially the worst in the series, though having a Bond girl (Kara) that needs to be protected is a nice change for Bond. I have recently grown to appreciate Dalton more, but Licence to Kill (yes that's how it is spelled) is still the better movie. *Pierce Brosnan has been a savior to the Bond series. While Connery will always be my Bond, Brosnan is a close second. The World is Not Enough is a good Bond movie, though not as good as Goldeneye. While the villian (Renard) and the Bond girl (Dr. Christmas Jones), are not up to par, Elektra King really makes this movie. Brosnan returns the ruthlessness that was present in the Connery era (look at Elektra for evidence) and it makes him truly one of the greats. ***Buy this set, and get the third only if you are a true Bond fan (OHMSS and Thunderball are worth it).
 This includes ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. I happened to think this was one of the best bond films ever made. Moonraker is in here where Jaws is reunited with bond. it is a classic collection
 Though the first one was better, the second OO7 giftset holds its own. It re-releases some great films such as Connery's debut in Dr.No but the first one picks better Connery outings with two of his best, Goldfinger and  Thunderball. George Lazenby's On Her Majesty's Secret Service is an  excellent choice however and is better than Tomorrow Never Dies. They made  a mistake in the Moore section, however. They should have put two Moore  films out and two Connery films like last time but instead put or three  Moore films and one Connery. The Moore film choices were weak with the  exception of his best, The Spy who Loved Me. They should have put out  Octopussy and A View To a Kill instead of Moonraker and The Man with the  Golden Gun. As for Brosnan, GoldenEye is excellent but in my opinion isn't  as good as The World is Not Enough. Overall, weaker than the first set but  still good. I can't wait for the next set to come out.
 Great concert! I especially liked that Jorge Luis, one of the vocalists, seems to be very drunk, lol!  The only downside is that it's only 10 songs, so it's short.  If you like La Arrolladora, definitely buy this DVD.  ---------------  Excelente concierto! Me encant&oacute; que el Jorge Luis, uno de los vocalistas, parece estar bien pedo, jaja! Le agrega un no-s&eacute;-qu&eacute;.  Lo &uacute;nico es que se me hizo corto
 I bought this video because I was interested in Pilates and how it could improve my relationship.  It is a very straight forward, easy to follow video that works muscles I didn't realize I had.  The actual workout would be a little easier to follow with some pilates background because it is difficult to hit some of the positions while turning your head to look at the t.v. screen, but practice solves that problem.
 "The Adventures of Robin Hood, starring British actor Richard Greene was broadcast on CBS from 1955 through 1958 and later had a successful run in syndication for a number of years.  The series featured good acting by a variety of British character actors, innovative set design (for its time), and interesting scripts, a number of which were written by blacklisted Hollywood writers like Ring Lardner, Jr. using aliases.  It was also one of the very first series produced in England that aired in the United States and paved the way for the "British Invasion of the Sixties for shows like "Secret Agent (a/k/a "Danger Man"), "The Saint, and "The Avengers, among many others.  While "The Adventures of Robin Hood has had an official release of its first three seasons (of four) in Great Britain, many of the episodes have fallen into "public domain status in the U.S. and, consequently, different episodes from the series have been sporadically released by a variety of companies specializing in public domain material.  Having seen most of these public domain releases of the Robin Hood series that have been released on DVD to date, I can say that Alpha Video's Robin Hood episodes are among the best available on the market at present.  Unlike most of the other Robin Hood DVD releases, the prints used by Alpha are relatively defect-free in terms of scratches, dirt, etc. and audio is fine for a series that is nearly 50 years old.  The prints are clean with mostly solid contrast.  Volume 1 features the series' premiere episode, "The Coming of Robin Hood.  This episode was previously released on a DVD from another company, but was missing about a minute and a half of footage.  Not so with Alpha's print . . . it's complete and uncut.  The other three episodes included on this DVD are all from Season 2 and are making their U.S. debut on DVD.  They are "The Borrowed Baby, "The Final Tax, and "The Ambush.  Perhaps the only negative on this disc is the fact that on one of the episodes, the end credits are incorrect, i.e., they have been spliced in from a different episode, perhaps as a way of including the famous Robin Hood theme song at the end.  My rating is closer to **** for this release.
 Some vintage episodes in this great old series from my youth. Sort of crude by today's standards, but crisp dialog, nifty plot twists, wonderful character developement and a terrific and nefarious collection of villains and rogues. Splendid entertainment for those cold, rainy weekends.  Enjoy a touch of the old days when programs like this were the thing to watch and enjoy.
 THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD was a children's program that ran four seasons on the CBS-TV network. Between September 26, 1955 and November 12, 1960, 143 half-hour episodes aired. This show was unusual for casting-- the same actors appeared in different roles, or different actors were used for recurring characters. The main plot was straighforward enough
 This movie with Gene Autry is a very entertaining film, it offers the standard fare viewers have come to expect from Flying A enterprise, yet the scenery and location shots add much to it.  Cacti are present in many shots, with rolling hills, and boulders all over the place. One of the highlights of the movie has to be that Gene sings "Back In The Saddle while working for the medicine show.  The plot of the movie is fairly simple and straight forward, after being released from prison for a robbery The Apache Kid is trailed by other black hats wanting the money. With Autry on the Kid's trail we know that the Kid (played by Dick Jones) will either be caught or repent. Well both can happen too.  Gail Davis, who became pretty much a standard in Autry enterprises eventually getting her own show as Annie Oakley, is in the movie, as well as Jones, who eventually joined The Range Rider show.  Oh, how I spent my high school years watching all this stuff. Great isn't it?  Action aplenty in this black and white venture, too bad Gene didn't do this one in color, the Arizona background would look great. I'm assuming some scenes were filmed near Old Tucson as there just isn't that much cacti anywhere else in the west.  Best in watching buckaroos.  Semper Fi.
 Graveyard Shift is a wonderful, interesting, vampire movie.  A vampire is a taxi driver who works the night shift.  As he picks up passengers he picks his victims from those who are at the end of their rope.  People, in this case sexy women, who wish to kill themselves.  He turns them into vampires.  They become part of a vampire network which keeps him supplied with blood and gives the women a reason to live.  In other words he turns almost suicides into vampires which is a nice link to folklore vampires.  The problem is he falls in love and screws up what was a pretty nice setup and life style.  The only problem I have is with the DVD.  I have seen the movie before on tape and on the DVD many scenes were either too dark or just too unfocused to see.  It looks like they got as bad copy, which is sad because otherwise it is a good film.  Also, sorry to say, there are no extras outside of some trailers.
 Back near the end of 1998, a video store I was a member of was going out of business and began selling their VHS collection in bulk packages.  20 movies/ $20 grab bag deal.  I bought one and one of the videos was 1987's vampire flick Graveyard Shift (not the Stephen King/ Giant Bat thing).  Back then, I was a sucker for any movie involving vampires (no pun intended).  While revisiting this lost video goodie on DVD, I realize that my new viewing just proves how much my taste in movies has changed in 13 years.  An enigmatic cab driver prowls the streets of LA and always manages to pick up desperate women who are on the teetering edge of suicide.  This is how he picks up his dates. Needless to say, these girls are helpless to resist.  He's good looking.  He's protective.  He's caring.  And he happens to be a 350 year old vampire.  He takes them to the backseat of his suddenly huge cab, has sex with them, and then takes his fill of their blood while giving them the ultimate new lease on eternal life.  This all changes when he meets the troubled wife of a movie producer and falls in love and once he embraces her, Movie Man turns into Van Helsing and the hunt is on.  While not as good as I remember, Central Park Drifter (formerly Graveyard Shift) is still an enjoyable time capsul of bad low budget 80s movie making. The dated music, tv movie of the week style SFXs, lighting, costumes, and very bad hair is what gives this movie it's charm and appeal.  While I don't know any of it's leads, the performances (particularly our leading lady killer) pretty much help elevate it to being more than soft core Red Shoe Diaries gone Fright Night.  It's worth a viewing or two just as long as you don't expect too much or over pay.  Anything over $10 might be a gamble if you haven't already seen it before.
 This was a very popular movie rental under the title "Graveyard Shift back in the 80's. The movie has a combination disco/ Miami Vice feel to it. The Travolta looking lead as well as the sound track gives it that classic 80's feel. Steven is a vampire in NYC who, like all vampires works the Graveyard Shift. Steven senses when women are in their "death cycle at which time he makes them his lover and gives them a nibble. They in turn become vampires, who Steven never calls. He is a cab driver.  There is a subplot involving a woman named Michelle, who directs vampire videos, but apparently not to well. She is also terminal. Steven eventually ends up at a Halloween party at her house. Michelle's husband, who plays the field, is jealous, but Michelle is in love. The women vampires kill their victims. The cops are trying to figure out where the bodies are coming from.  The film uses red and blue lighting to represent heat and cold, hot and cold bodies. Sometimes it is effective, other times it doesn't work and is annoying. The movie also had some erotic nudity, especially one blue-lit scene with Kim Cayer, which was perhaps the main reason for its popularity. They don't even show her scene on the back cover and they should have plastered it on the front. It sold the movie. I think they did themselves a disfavor by re-releasing it under a different title, especially a bad one.  Sex and nudity. Not much blood for a vampire film.
 i really liked this dvd im a big fan of vampire movies ive been wanting this dvd for a long time im glad amazon had it
 Great film. It was recommended by a professor and I was thoroughly glad to spend the time watching it. Even though centered around a smoke shop there is so much more going on that this could be a film shown in classes for a number of reasons.
 One of the best baseball comebacks in history.  Game 6 one of the best games ever.  I do wish this box set included game 5 of the NLDS Cardinal/Phillies game - one of the best pitching duels ever with Chris Carpenter and Roy Halladay.
 I was very eager to show this movie to my friend with English subtitle. Finally I got this DVD and we watched it. The movie is great. The print was good. I have nothing to complain.
 I like this DVD. It's not one of my favorites, but it keeps my heart rate up and it's fun. The workout consists of a warm-up, the 3 step blocks, and a cool-down/stretch. The warm-up is about 13 minutes long, which I think is a bit long for a warm-up. The music is niether intrusive nor does it really pump me up. Sometimes, the instructor forgets she's mirroring the people at home and she instructs you to step on the wrong lead leg, which can be frustrating. The cueing is adequate, but instructor also doesn't call out all the moves all of the time- it's not bad, but it's enough to confuse me a little. The moves are challenging, but not as difficult as Amy Bento's advance step challenge series. Some of the synchopated moves are high impact. I would recommend buying this DVD, I enjoy it. However, it lacks the "wow factor that makes me rate it 5 stars. Don't buy this DVD if you're not an advanced stepper. The workout includes lots of spins and turns and a beginner would get really frustrated. As an aside, the outfits the instructor and her back-up dancers are wearing are horrendous. I find their outfits distracting because they're so ugly.
 This is a must have for all hardcore Jimi fans like myself. However, this is not really one of his best performances. He went on stage at 2AM in the morning, and looks very tired by the middle of the set. He was plagued with  equipment problems, and clearly not happy with his playing on many tunes.  Many of these were new songs,not fully worked out, and it shows. That said,  however, when it clicks, it's Jimi The Master shining through. Red House is  the stand out track,proof that Jimi was a master blues player.Machine Gun  and Voodoo Chile have some stunning soloing as well.  If you are a novice  Hendrix fan, I would recommend you get Jimi at Monterey instead, which is  easily his best filmed performance.
 I join Michael C. Young's complaints concerning the editing of this footage (see his customer review of May 7, 2000).  I can't, however, join his final judgment.  Young's review may be a little misleading.   First, although hefty solos were indeed cut, the cuts are pretty clean and the editors left in lots and lots of extended solos in between nearly every verse of the best songs.   Second, Young's review may give some the impression that this film is like so many other unfortunate visual records of Hendrix performances, bits and pieces of music woven into the fabric of whatever narrative/interview neccessity the project advanced. (Think just about any Hendrix  film  you've seen).  Not so.  The songs all have beginnings, middles, and ends, and where solos are cut, the songs aren't interrupted with inane, self-serving interviews with folks whose fifteen were up long, long ago. Third, and probably much more controversially, I would argue that, because we know for a FACT that Hendrix himself was highly self-critical, that he used concerts as much as the studio to work out his improvisational vocabulary for a given song, and that he had no idea that this was going to be more or less his last documented guitar playing, maybe the cuts were made in the interests of creating a cleaner account of the songs.  I can't say that I would agree with the choices made.  Young's point on  Machine Gun  is absolutely right.  But I don't agree that the neccessity of editting itself was either shameful or somehow heretical, as Young seems to suggest. This is not a biographical document.  It is the document of a concert.  That's why I think that, while Young makes good points, the film is not nearly as bad as he says it is.  Plus, if you've got the DVD version, you've got access to a marriage of sound a visuals that just haven't been available before. I give it four stars because, for the  serious  fan or curious fan (there can be no  casual  Hendrix fan), the DVD version of this release has over an hour of visionary guitar playing.  Since I wouldn't hold my breath for any less edited release (especially now that it's committed to DVD), I think this will more than  have to do.   The improvisations preserved on this recording are as intense and masterful as anything currently available.  Add to that the simple fact that this is a visual document of Jimi playing less than 3 weeks before his death, and a wonder it was, thank God, and I just say you've got to have it. That all being said, it is a shame that so much was left behind.  Alas.
 In rock music, the difference between a great performance and a bust can be razor thin. Which was this? You can see Jimi talking, while playing, clearly concerned about something. In All Along the Watchtower, the dreamy tones of the studio version is replaced by a powerful, high distortion version. On top of everything else, he briefly forgets the words. Was this a great performance relete with spontanaity or was Hendrix, a little more than two weeks before his death due to a drug overdose, starting to lose it? I don't know but one thing I do know, I am captivated by the performance. I liked observing the small things such as his switching from his signature stratocaster to a flying V. Quite frankly, I hadn't been aware that he p[erformed with a V so this was a revelation. If you are a Hendrix fan, this DVD will fascinate you. If not, I doubt that it will make you into a fan.
 What can I say, I enjoyed it! I'm a fan of Hendrix and the whole concert is a piece of art as well as rock history. My only complaints were that the camera-man didn't take into consideration that Jimi played left handed, so most of the shots of him playing show the back of his right hand and those shots that were taken from in front of him were obscured by the glare of the lights. But then again, this isn't a guitar instruction video now is it? Definitely worth every penny, you won't go wrong here!
 This is the product of someone's own twisted hellish nightmare. It's a collaboration of fear and total anxiety. The premise of the movie is a play on reality; some scenes are shot like a bad acid trip. The plot is intricate, creative, and doesn't disappoint true horror fans. Overall if you're a gore fan and enjoy broader line snuff films than you'll get your rocks off watching this indie soon to be cult horror film.
 SOMEONE'S KNOCKING AT THE DOOR, and he's got a battering ram! Dear Lord, this is one crazy movie! A group of med students experiment w/ a mind-altering drug, resulting in a nightmare of rape, murder, and hallucinations. Nothing can possibly prepare you for the purplish, hydrant-sized "murder weapon"! Viewing this film may cause uncontrollable fits of laughter, mixed w/ projectile vomiting! Must be seen at least once before you die...
 The opening of the film gets right down to the nitty gritty. It's all about sex, drugs & the problems to follow. Is it a commentary on what could come from these sinful deeds? Hardly. It reminds me of the original "Last House on the Left' & 'I spit on your grave'; with a sense of humor. This movie is a tongue in cheek, 70's style horror movie. Don't take it too seriously or you will miss the joke. I found it funny & gross. I actually got a kick out of it. The plot was over the top & the ending was a twist that truly, I didn't see coming. I love horror, & I love Noah Segan. It was great for me, but if you are too much of a movie snob, you won't like it. It's a great Saturday night drinking beer with your buddies movie. It is not a date movie. Chances are she won't be feeling very amorous afterward.
 THERE SEEMS TO BE I LOVE OR HATE THIS MOVIE.PERSONALLY I LIKED IT.
 These are the Martial Arts Heroes that I grew up with.  To have this film in my private library is a real treat.  Master Han is a class act (as always).  Having studied Kenpo I had hoped to see Master Parker step out of his character (in this film) and give more of a demonstration of his incredible hand speed.  But, all in all... it has a reasonably good plot and was well worth the money.
 The movie starts innocently enough, but as in every great dark comedy things go severely awry. Who is next ? The only thought throughout the movie. Acting is brilliant to say the least and story line has undertones  of Tim Burton, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock. All in all a well  rounded movie, a definite must for all collectors of this genre.
 Kyle (Jon Favreau of Swingers) is escorted off to Vegas by hisbuddies for a bachelor party that will have him in therapy for therest of his life.  When the drinking, drugs, and overall debauchery of Sin City kick in, a hooker and a security guard wind up dead. The downward spiral rapidly increases and their troubles follow them back to Los Angeles, where more havoc ensues. Leave your morals at the door for this one, folks. This is a belligerent, modern-day Woody Allen-on-crack movie, a comedy version of Reservoir Dogs that your parents would probably shut off in disgust after 15 minutes. But those of us with a seriously sick sense of humor will find the good in this blacker-than-black comedy. This movie pushes you to your ethical limits until you just give in to the badness. Don't fall too much in love with any of these characters-there's a good chance they'll be pushin' up daisies by the time the credits roll ...
 You have to be in the right mood for this one,  Good Movie if you are!
 This movie is a great example of comedy of the absurd.  Situations presented here are carried to the worst possible extremes.  This would be a worst-case scenario movie.  The movie keeps you watching out of sheer  desire to see how things could possibly get any worse.  And things do get  worse... Contrary to some of the reviews printed here, this movie is a  comedy.  It doesn't have it's roots in The Three Stooges or Keystone Cops,  but instead is firmly rooted in the same comedic base that made movies like  "Heathers and "Death Becomes Her funny.  This is often not an easy movie  to watch as it is graphic in nature.  The basis of the story is a group of  guys do one horrible thing, and spend the rest of the movie dealing with  the repercussions of that deed.  The movie puts normal people into a  genuinely horrible situation and shows what happens when they start  reacting the wrong way.  Strong performances by all of the actors involved,  especially Favreau and Diaz.  This movie is not for everyone.  At least  half of the people I saw it with hated it.  I, however, thought it was  amazingly funny.  If you like your humor a little on the grim side,  check  this film out.
 I have never seen a movie that made me feel so uneasy as this movie did. I can't say if i liked it or not. I don't know if i would tell someone to see or not. It was unlike anything i've ever saw. It is by far not that funny, the cover is misleading. I guess i liked it only because it is so different. Good acting and directing.  Pulp Fiction  type of movie, dark. Just keep telling yourself it's just a movie. Give it a try, just be warned.
 It would seem that in Australia we have more relaxed censorship laws. I was sixteen when I saw this movie and loved it. And I was not alone. There is a very large teenage market for black comedies (American teens are  deprived). Some sexy women can act, and Diaz is one of the best. This is  not to detract from the rest of the cast, there is nothing but good things  in this movie. My only criticism is that the ending could have used some  extra thought. Other than that it is so funny, so original, and so deserves  four stars.
 I really took to 'Very Bad Things' when it came out in '98, and as I watched it the other day with a friend (having not seen it since its run in theatres), I found that I still esteemed the crazed entity with unique fervor.  I think what's most commendable about 'Very Bad Things', at least for a person like myself, is that this was actor Peter Berg's directorial debut.  Not for its technical virtues, which it does possess, but because Berg created a picture of such grim ferocity, holding back so little and, most dangerously, for entering the directing world with a product that, by its neccessity, was going to receive near unanimous criticism for its "distaste".  Here's the thing... Despite the sensationalistic way the film approaches the most horrific of circumstances, I find 'Very Bad Things' almost brings about within me a sense of empathy because, all in all, the five main characters in the film -- a group of old friends -- are not bad people.  Seriously -- how many groups of genuinely decent guys take to Vegas for a buddies' bachelor party?  Furthermore, are they inherently despicable because they're getting loaded, snorting cocaine, and generally acting like crazed little boys the night of the event?  Oh, but one of them is pounding a prostitute -- if none of the other characteristics qualify at making someone evil, surely this one must.  Well, not for me.  By and large, these guys appear as likable middle class schmucks, stuck as so many are within a half-baked life.  Where many find them unlikable without hesitation, I empathize because they are all flawed; once Favreau's soon-to-be wife is introduced (played bitingly by Diaz), it's hard to view him as much more than a pathetic noodle, completely subserviant to the witch behind the beauty.  Then you've got Piven and Stern, playing two dichotomous brothers with a general disdain for each other's personality complex; Piven lively but lost, single and apathetic towards his career, probably acting a bit younger than he should be, while Stern, by contrast, is responsible but neurotic; an uptight family man who's no easier to respect given his Life's accomplishments and anal behaviorisms. Leland Orser's reclusive, enigma of a shy guy doesn't offer much to look up to, and Christian Slater's demented complex made up of a handful of self-help books is easily the most pathetic of the five.  Basically, these guys are all normal in some senses but completely deprived in others, and before the night that begins their descenting journey into madness, none of them, in my eye, could be judged as despicable with any justification (okay, so maybe Slater's could, judging by the real estate selling scene). By the film's fateful  climax, I was pretty fond of the entire group.  And so, then, you've got the premise, in my mind; an awful accident occurs in the hotel room in Vegas, and a prostitute is no longer living.  Thing is, it wasn't anyone's fault, unless you are seriously to blame Piven for the act (as if the prostitute wasn't responsible for taking part in the circus act); simply a devestating accident.  Yet, because of the nature of how the system tends to work, an accident that could still prove to bring down more lives as a consequence.  Perhaps if they weren't all coked up, their decision making abilities might have steered them in a better direction.  Nope -- they were high as a kite, and scared as an abandoned baby.  Essentially, from that point on we see them make one mistake after another, usually out of survival instinct, and by no means the rendered act of will.  And so ensues suffering and paranoia for all, reaching a snowball effect until the film finishes.  If you ask me, if these guys weren't relatable or capable of likelihood, the film wouldn't last beyond the intial moment of chaotic hysteria... but it does.  Throughout most of it, the film expresses a nice emphasis of exaggeration, and that lends some comedy to the dire consequences that proceed. But, as many have said before me, 'Very Bad Things' doesn't really seem like a comedy.  Slater's character, with his outrageous justifications for their nasty acts, comes as the highpoint of the exaggerated comedy. And yet, it is surely no drama, in the sense of melodrama at least.  Rather, it's just a detatched, furious account of bizzarely interesting but fatal situations of, up 'till this point, people who've never encountered such fearful, life-altering experiences.  Combined with Berg's energetic direction and, overall, impressive, convincing, intense performances -- wavering between seriousness and comedic (my favorites being Piven, Stern, Orser and Diaz') -- the whole thing is just ashamedly entertaining.  It just is.  What else can I say?  I think highly moral people might shun the film, but anyone with a knack for fatalism oughta really dig 'Very Bad Things'.  The abuser only abuses because he was abused.  While this might be seen as cowardly, I think we all, at least secretly, view many things from such an angle, especially if events as such hit us or those close to us. Indeed, we are all at the whim of the great magnet who, in this case, just happened to cause the asian hooker to slip on the wet bathroom floor, letting her head gracefully plow through the towel hanger on the wall.  It's dark and it's twisted.  It's ugly, for sure.  I myself have no issues with people disliking it, and will at least claim not to judge them for it.  I just hope that those who are in fact repulsed can at least attempt to understand why some may like it, and not judge them in the unrelenting way many seem to judge the film, which sometimes seems to near the likes of being possessed by a demon.
 Be warned, this movie is seriously twisted.  If you're not into dark comedies or just don't get that kind of humor, don't watch this movie.  I loved it.  Jeremy Piven and Daniel Stern are awesome, Christian Slater is solid, and Cameron Diaz is halfway decent.  This movie should be required viewing for any man before his bachelor party.  Just a downward spiral from first to last and absolutely hilarious to those of us who are sick and twisted.  I can understand why some of the reviewers didn't like it--just not their cup of tea.  It's a solid effort and one of my all time favorites.
 I just saw this film, and I must say what a good film.  Much better than the usual bubblegum fare you see people like Cameron Diaz in. The only downer is that it seems a little bit like the Danny Boyle film Shallow Grave - also about a group of friends who do whatever it takes to get and stay ahead who end up going crazy and being totally paranoid with each other. Note Shallow Grave was released 4 years before Very Bad Things.  So I think some Hollywood exec saw that film and decided to make an American black comedy based on a similar premise.  However I do recommend both films for anyones insane collection.
 I am a Christian Slater fan, and thought this movie would be funny.  Well, it was...sort of...but I wasn't expecting a dark comedy and, because it's really not my thing, I probably wouldn't have chosen to watch it had I anticipated it.  However, if that is your cup of tea, I would have to recommend it as it is a well done movie with a good cast, good acting...but somewhat disturbing...
 This movie was pretty darn funny; it's also very very harsh.  After a hooker is accidentally killed, many people die and others are unhappy. Needless to say, I enjoyed it.
 This is a well designed movie with an interesting story.  Maybe a little gory in parts.  Then again maybe it is supposed to be.  Any way it keeps my attention.  What was so weird was they keep it in the realm of "this could really happen.  I have run into a few people like the part that Cameron played.  I could see this years from now on something like Mystery science theater 3000, with lines like "she got hung up and "he was stuck for the drinks.  For real, this was a chance for the people like Christian Slater to be their selves.  If you do not think this is a good movie, try "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag with (Joe Pesci, Andy Comeau, Kristy Swanson, Dyan Cannon, and George Hamilton).  Alternatively, maybe "Eating Raoul directed by Paul Bartel.
 The opening scene at a very wild bachelor party in a Vegas hotel room is the movies hook.  After being shocked into submission by this scene you will not be able to turn the movie off (try as you might) The remaining  scenes are less interesting and pointlessly violent yet increasingly  insane. Cameron Diaz also throws some extra  spice  into the  movie and over-all it makes an excellent movie for someone who lives in a  boring suburb to watch.  But prepare to be shock to a degree that you will  remember every scene the next day. Especially shocking to women.
 This is a good collection of videos from the 80's. They are of course very dated, but hey thats the fun of nostalgia.  All the videos are here spanning Adam &amp; the Ants musical career.  The standouts include Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, &amp; Goody Two Shoes.  If your part of the insect nation, pick up this collection.
 Collected from Adam Ant's first 6 albums, this CD effectively captures each stage of his rather eclectic career. From the unsophisticated power and throbbing beat of his Ant Music days to the polish and sophistication of his later solo releases, Adam Ant followed his own path.This CD captures most of his top songs and if you get hooked, look for the rest of his work. You won't be disappointed.
 OK, so there are some goofy hillbilly types running around the swamp, getting bled dry by gigantic leeches. Yes, the leeches are grown men wearing plastic trash bags. The hero is a living Ken doll. So what?! The ONLY reason to watch this flick is to see Yvette Vickers (Attack Of The 50 Foot Woman) in her underwear! She dances! She prances! She applies body-lotion! She parades about like the free-spirit she is! Hallelujah! I remember seeing her in this movie 33 years ago. I was 9 years old. I never forgot her! Buy this movie now...
 I'm surprised Bruno the storekeeper/cuckolded husband lasted almost the entire length of the movie; he looks like he should have keeled over from the sauna-like weather down there in the swamp about 15 minutes into the movie. (Bruno had an itty-bit part as a night watchman in ""The Wasp Woman with Susan Cabot. He didn't make it thru his shift.) I'm surprised Ken Clark was in "South Pacific. From his acting here, the others may as well have been talking to a blank wall. I have a DVD of "The 50 Foot Woman with Yvette Vickers doing commentary. She does a great job and sounds like someone you'd like to meet.
 I have always been a fan of 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' with the (sadly departed) Yvette Vickers and two very unbelievable giant leeches.  It's cheap and tacky-looking, but never tacky.  It has a great script and some clever use of a non-existent budget. -- I recently discovered that this movie had originally been released as a double-bill with 'Bucket of Blood', starring Dick Miller (Joe Dante's go-to character actor), about a poor schlep who works at a coffee house where all the cool people hang out and read their poetry (ala late 1950s, early 1960).  He soon discovers that his sculptures make him the toast of the beat generation.  But if those crazy beats only new what went into Dick Miller's sculptures, heh heh heh. -- Now you can get both movies on one disc and pretend you're at a drive-in theater in 1959. -- This double feature is truly a ton of fun.  You have your monster feature with 'Attack of the Giant Leeches', where giant leeches are running amok in an everglade town.  Yvette Vickers is the gorgeous (and nasty) wife of the local general store owner and she's having an affair with the local guy who has the most muscles.  Soon the leeches put in an appearance and dynamite makes an appearance later on.  Lots of fun. -- The really nice surprise is 'Bucket.'  Roger Corman, himself, directed it (I would assume in 4 days with a budget of 800 dollars), and it has its toungue very much in its cheek.  And the movie really is funny.  The subject may be kind of gruesome -- man makes sculptures as people keep disappearing -- but it is done in a clever way and shows genuine wit.  Dick Miller -- who seems to have been born at the age of 39 -- puts in a great performance, as does everyone.  The stand out is Barboura Morris, a real beauty with deep-set eyes, who plays the coffee-house owner and champion of Dick Miller, even before he becomes a celebrity with his sculptures.  This really is one fun double feature.  If you like movies that are cheaply made but somehow seem to possess more literate quality because of that fact, this disc is for you.
 I have always enjoyed this film, I watch it a few times a year. There are some very good scenes with some pretty decent acting and dialog. If you can check out the MST3K version check it out after seeing the original, Priceless entertainment.
 The key thing to know about "A Bucket of Blood, the first of this double feature DVD is that Roger Corman made it a year before he did "Little Shop of Horror. Both movies starred Dick Miller, both were made in less than a week on shoestring budgets (five days for $30,000), and both films constitute horror-comedy, although "Little Shop is decidedly more over the top. But do not be surprised if you like this 1959 Corman film better.  The horror element is actually in vogue again with the release of a new version of "House of Wax this week, since Miller plays Walter Paisley, a bus boy at The Yellow Door, an art house care that is the place to go for the Beat Generation. Paisley is a would-be-sculptor wants to be accepted by all of the cool cats, but he does not really have any talent. Then he accidentally kills his cat and when he covers it with clay he is suddenly proclaimed as having a "talent for lifelike artwork. Another accident, of a sort, gives him the opportunity to move on to human figures, at which point Walter starts looking for new subjects. The ending strikes you as being something out of "The Twilight Zone, but up to that point it works for the most part because of the performances by Miller, Barboura Morris as Carla, and most of the supporting roles.  The comedy part comes not from the killing and sculpting but from the movie's send up of the beatnik scene. The cafe is filled with Beat poets and folk singers. Part of the reason it works is that what is happening at the cafe is not really parody, but earnest attempts in the accepted Beat style. The babble coming out of the mouth of Maxwell (Julian Burton) has the appropriate sense of pseudo-profundity and the guy walking around playing the guitar and singing is Alex Hassilev, who was about to help form the Limeliters. This movie was remade in 1995 as one of the cable television movies presented under the umbrella title "Roger Corman Presents, but that was not half the movie the original black & white, quick & dirty film is as far as I am concerned.  "Attack of the Giant Gila Monster is one of those films where you take a real animal and having it crawl through miniature sets. The tagline for this film was
 Eventhough the film is very low budget , it was still enjoyable to watch. The acting is good , the story is good, and the direction has flair. But  the greatest asset to this movie is Yvette Vickers, she has a sex appeal so  great it is hard to forget her. Like Attack of the 50 Ft Woman I would like  to see this film remaid someday with a budget, but it will be hard to  recast Miss Vickers.
 'A Fish Called Wanda' accomplishes what many have not. A comedy with a rediculous premise, made believable by the casting.  John Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis and thier supporting actors are terrific.  Just enough Monty Python.
 I have seen this movie in VHS, Beta, and now on DVD.  I found it to be an excellent transfer of a supremely funny movie. My only regret is there were no SPECIAL features. Hence 4 stars instead of 5
 John Cleese and Michael Palin may be most famous for their Monty Python troupe, Jamie Lee Curtis for Halloween, and Kevin Kline for...being in movies, but one of their most memorable movies is the first one they did together. Which one? A Fish Called Wanda Curtis is Wanda, part of a diamond group along with Ken (Palin), George Thomason (Tom Georgeson), and her "brother Otto (Kline). They pull off a multi-million pound heist in England, and hide the loot. It seems, though, that Wanda and Otto (who aren't actually brother and sister but lovers) want it all for themselves. So they turn George into the police to try to find out where he hid the loot. It seems the only person George would have told about where the loot is would be his barrister Archie Leach (Cleese). So, naturally, Wanda goes up to him and becomes `friends' with him, much to the dismay of Otto. A Fish Called Wanda is a twistful and delightful comedy that shows the new sex comedies that they don't need gross body functions to be funny. I'm not saying this movie is completely tasteful. Ken, who is an animal lover, accidentally kills dogs. But, it's not too explicit. It's actually very funny. Most of the humor comes from Kline, who always shows up whenever Archie and Wanda are together, and who pretends he's gay and tries to get Ken. Some of those subplots, such as the gay one and Kline hating people that call him stupid, seem to not matter. But it is funny. Cleese's script is full of surprises. And most of these laughs were genuine, unlike the fakey ones from other movies. Who can forget Kline's shout whenever he's in the car? It is a memorable movie. Kline puts up his best comedic performance, and deserved his Oscar for best supporting actor. He has excellent comedic timing, always putting the joke on at the right time. He had great chemistry with everyone; it seemed to blend in with the lifestyles of the others. Curtis (one of my favorite actresses)was excellent in a comedic role. Of course, Cleese and Palin are no strangers to comedy. Cleese seemed like a typical British person-stuck up and courteous. He actually talks about that during the film. Palin was great with a stutter that actually is an important part of the film. It seems that A Fish Called Wanda thinks itself as `bad' and `let's offend everyone!' However, it's one of the more tasteful comedies I've seen recently. Its jokes are almost always funny and tasteful, with Kline's trigger-happy attitude that explodes every once in a while. This group, that came back for 1997's Fierce Creatures, were excellent and they look like they had fun together. Which is good for them. However, after the first forty minutes or so, the humor kind of wavers and it becomes a little uneven. There are still jokes, of course, but not as rapid-fire as the ones before. But considering the humor of the film in its entirety, it could be considered a moot point. A Fish Called Wanda is a very hilarious comedy that you'll remember for a while, and looks like it can stick up for repeated viewings, because there are so many jokes you'll forget a lot of them.
 A Fish Called Wanda is a delightful little comedy about a heist-gone-right-gone-wrong.  It seems that there's very little honor among thieves, when four crooks can't follow the get-away plan they'd concocted because they're too busy trying to screw each other out of the loot. We follow them as they plot, and counter-plot against one another, leading to what is possibly the most hilarious torture scene ever filmed, and a number of awkward, aborted attempts at adultery.  The question finally becomes
 Kevin Cline at his best.  I just love this movie for a host of reasons. For anyone that loved the Monty Python humour.  John Clesse is great and so is Michael Palin.  Just loved this film.
 Although I haven't been able to watch my newest DVD... it arrived quickly and was packaged nicely (don't ya just love 'bubble envelopes'?)! Thanks Amazon!
 I have always thought this film was very funny.  Basically the end of Jamie Lee Curtis & Kevin Kline's careers.  NEVER had another hit film either of them.  This is a film that needed an updated DVD package.  No extras at all.  Won an Oscar for Kline & was a hit but this package has NO extras.  Glad a n updated DVD package is always available.  "Don't call me stupid".  My rating is for the film not for the bare nothing special DVD package. Extras, where are the extras?  I never liked Palin's character Ken.  Does have both wide screen & stand versions of the film depending on what you prefer.  Does have a good brochure with film information plus chapter search list.
 Starting with the commonplace idea of a jewel robbery gone maniacally wrong, actor John Cleese and director Charles Crichton manage have created a madcap comedy that remains fresh, even after 10 years.  George (Tom Georgeson), assisted by his girlfriend Wanda (Jamie Lee Curtis), his best pal Ken (Michael Palin) and Wanda's 'brother' Otto (Kevin Kline) has orchestrated a robbery that has only one fatal flaw - none of the participants have any intention of sharing the loot.  In short order, double-crosses seem to grow on trees and George finds himself under arrest.  It is only fitting that Wanda and Otto simultaneously discover that the jewels have been moved 'for safekeeping.' It doesn't take very long for Wanda to figure out that her only hope of regaining the loot is through George's barrister, Archie Leach (John Cleese).  Wanda works at seducing Leach while fighting of Otto's psychotic fits of jealousy.  Ken, in the meantime, attempts repeatedly to kill the only witness, an elderly woman.  Unfortunately, he manages to assassinate all three of her dogs in the process. This is a set up for the combination of slapstick, vulgarity, and tongue-in-cheek comedy that British films are noted for and Americans love and it is delivered with an almost evil verve.  Cleese is determined to take no prisoners, and the landscape is littered with car crashes, fallen masonry, savaged canines (fake savaged canines, please) and hapless victims.  Only the fish (also called Wanda) has no funny lines, and fares no better than her companion 'Lunch' does. The film has an R rating, which I think is exaggerated.  In reality, its vulgarity and sexual innuendo are hardly noticeable when compared to what is accepted today.  I certainly think teenagers can handle it without permanent damage, although you may have to explain to them that certain phrases don't bear repeating.  At this price, expect a bare bones DVD.  No added games, no interviews, just the film in French and English, in both wide screen and standard presentations.  Even so, this is a classic comedy that will bear much watching.
 I love the movie  A Fish Called Wanda .  It is one of my all time favorite movies.  If you haven't seen it, go rent/buy it - there is no better time to see it, now that it is on DVD! Therefore, this is a review  of the DVD - not the movie.  The DVD has a very good presentation of the  movie - the best you can watch at home (as mentioned above).  However, the  sound is lacking - dull mono.  Maybe this movie was originally recorded in  mono, but I would be surprised. Next there is the lack of extras - you  get the trailer and  cast notes  but virtually nothing else...  just a dumb fish screen saver. I don't mean to be so down on this DVD, it  isn't terrible, it is just a disappointment to think of all of the  unrealized potential.  First of all, there is the sound.  Then, there was  no behind the scenes featurette, no comentaries, no deleted scenes,  nothing.  With Kline, Cleese, Palin and Curtis in the cast, there could  have been all kinds of killer extras.  But there wasn't... At this point  I would give this DVD 3 stars.  However, it earns an extra star because MGM  bowed to pressure and put it out in Widescreen.  They originally planned on  P&amp;S only. So thanks a lot, MGM, but now get busy on a   Collectors Edition . Jeremy
 This movie is a wonderful comedy for those who, like me, enjoy off-beat humor.  Kevin Kline is always watchable, and he excells in this movie, and Jamie Lee Curtis is a perfect match for him.
 First, let me agree with others
 Charles Chrichton's hiatus from the big screen had been interspersed with The Avengers after his direction of The Lavender Hill Mob.  John Cleese in fact sought out Chrichton in hopes of a collaboration for A Fish Called Wanda.  Starting out with only a rudimentary idea of the story, and Chrichton's request that he wanted "...to see someone steamrolled", the final result was a film that somehow struck a humorous chord all over the world.  The film just somehow "worked", and it's been a cherished classic ever sense. Kevin Kline as the violent, idiotic, and egotistic Otto indirectly steals the film, but it is John Cleese who is the genius behind the scenes.  Utilizing the dry absurd whit perfected in Monty Python with co-star Michael Palin, the duo alongside sultry Jamie Lee Curtis evoke a dysfunctional yet harmonistic world of laughs, slaptstick, and that oh so familiar English congeniality that "bloody well works in comedy. For those longing for the complicit, balanced, and tight-fitting humor of the older English comedies, such as Alec Guinness in Our Man In Havana, and Alec again in Lavender Hill Mob, A Fish Called Wanda is a must-see.  If only Hollywood knew what it was missing too.
 John Cleese, of Monty Python fame, co-wrote the screenplay for this hilarious comedy caper along with director Charles Crichton, who also directed "The Lavender Hill Mob. Cleese is totally irreverent and has absolutely no clue as to the meaning of political correctness. Everyone and everything is a target for satire. Cleese also performs here one of the most side-splitting stripteases I have ever seen. I literally doubled-over with laughter!  A  twenty million dollar jewelry heist is pulled off in London's Hatton Gardens by four eccentric misfits, two Brits and two Americans. George (Tom Georgeson) is the ringleader, the man who masterminded the theft. He is the only one who knows where the jewels are hidden. His partners in crime include animal lover, Ken Pile, (Michael Palin), a socially inept bumbler with a stuttering problem. He loves his goldfish, Wanda, (named for the movie's heroine), with the passion most attach to their significant other. Wanda Gershwitz, (Jamie Lee Curtis), is George's girlfriend, who uses her formidable seduction techniques to get what she wants, and she wants all the money! Wanda finagles to bring Otto West, (Kevin Kline), into the gang, telling the others he is her brother - although like most other men in the film, he is her lover. And Kline is brilliant as the manic, Nietzche-reading, ex-CIA agent and Anglophobe. He is a self-styled intellectual, but is so stupid that he thinks the London Underground is a political movement. As Wanda remarks, "He's so dumb he thought the Gettysburg Address was where Lincoln lived.  The ploys, dirty tricks and double-crosses Otto and Wanda use against their partners, to prevent their receiving a share of the loot, are classic. When George's lawyer, Archie, (John Cleese), falls in love with Wanda, her formidable skills at juggling men are seriously challenged. Cleese brings an endearing romantic touch to the smitten Archie. The situation grows more and more convoluted and the laughs build right along with the escalation. Otto is extremely jealous of any man who looks twice at Wanda, and obviously Archie takes more than two glimpses. Madcap madness!  I don't want to disclose any more of the plot here, but "A Fish Called Wanda contains some of the funniest scenes I have viewed on film. Director Charles Crichton keeps the pace moving at a nice clip and the satire involving the cultural clash between the very proper, if somewhat stuffy English, versus the uncouth, aggressive Yanks is pure delight. At one point, Archie says to Wanda
 I had heard of this movie from the late 80s but only watched it in 2012. I enjoyed it, I must say. Well worth renting. What more do you want me to say?
 This story is easier to grasp than it is to follow. But basically, a gang of jewel thieves double, triple and quad-triple cross each other, after twenty million dollars worth of jewels have been successfully lifted. It is not clear where the jewels are but not to worry. Kevin Kline eats every fish in the fish bowl as a form of torture to gain the missing information.  The film is definitely a comedy but seriously acted. John Cleese, best known for "Monty Python and especially the "Faulty Towers series, is a serious barrister charged with getting the gang's leader off the hook. Until Jamie Lee Curtis' character enters, all seems to be going well. She wants the jewels for herself but needs to learn where there are. But wait, there is a witness. Watch out!  And so it goes with plenty of serious laughs.  Well worth seeing.
 Yes, it is vulgar, coarse, crude, stupid--but it is full of spirit and fun, for teenagers of all ages. Excellent acting, infectious farce, politically incorrect disgrace, but at least not boring.
 A Fish called Wanda is one of my favorite movies. I watch at least twice a year. Clearing out all my old VHS tapes and replacing with DVDs.
 I bought "Fierce Creatures ages ago which I highly enjoyed, but after watching it I stumbled across some really negative reviews on the web, saying that compared to its predecessor, "A Fish Called Wanda it was really not very funny. I personally thought "Fierce Creatures was really good and made me laugh a lot, so I thought "A Fish Called Wanda must be amazing. I have to admit it didn't make me split my sides, but there were some memorable and funny bits, such as Michael Palin [what a guy!]who plays ken, an animal lover with a stutter, trying to assassinate and old lady and killing her 3 dogs instead by accident, also Kevin Kline rugby tackling John Cleese, shouting "I just want to apologise and then aiming a gun up his nose when he won't shut up, unknowingly watched by Cleese's character's wife, who doesn't care. Another comical bit was Kline screaming at Cleese's character's wife about her englishness.  John Cleese has written a brilliant film, and the casting is superb, and even if you dont find it as hilarious as some did, it is certainly enjoyable.
 Okay I watch this movie so much my poor videotape is begging me to put it out of it's misery.  Which is why I will be getting the DVD of this soon.  Backstapping and comedy, the perfect combination for this film.  Well cast and just tons of fun to watch.
 If you are a fan of MMA this movie is quite entertaining.  There are cameos by Kimbo, Forrest Griffin, Rashad Evans, and maybe a couple more that I am forgetting.  And of course Vinnie Jones!  Anyways, the acting is terrible, outside of Vinnie.  The fights scenes are fun and entertaining, but get repetetive.  And there is several unnecessary scenes of naked women, which could be good or bad....to each his own.  If plot is pretty lame, but these movies are rarely written as the plot being the focus.  If you like combat movies this one is pretty good.  Just don't watch if you can't stand bad acting.
 James is an inspired young man sent by his village on a pilgrimage to the temple in Jerusalem.  His character is developed at length with his respect and affection for the people he meets in Israel.  Except for an eccentric older man (played by Eli Wallach) the Israeli figures are not well developed except to show their suspicion of "guest workers who may want to stay in the country with welfare programs or take jobs away from natives.  Many of the jobs available are due to the restriction of enty by Palestinian Arab workers from Gaza and the west bank.  Ironically, the replacement workers from Europe, Africa and elsewhere have suffered themselves at the hands of the intifada.  Watchers should know that the movie is cosponsored by the New Israel Fund that has a primary mission of justice for workers and Arab citizens.  It is allied with the former Labor socialist party, but has taken new directions.  Even knowing the political slant of the messages, there are many enjoyable scenes of James and how he adapts to the realities without losing his sense of mission and pride.
 I absolutely enjoyed this film. It is the story of a young African man and his journey to Jerusalem from his small village. During his travels he learns much about himself through the many "tests he believes he has been given by his God. What I enjoyed most about this story is that movies are not typically or hardly made about the African men and women that travel far from their homes to the Middle East and Europe with hopes of more prosperous lives yet ending up at the bottom rungs of these societies and virtually ignored.  Although this story is about James' journey to test his faith, it also gives a glimpse of what life is like for thousands of young men like him.
 I found this to be an excellent movie depicting how things really are for a section of the Israeli population.  James's introduction to life in Israel was an eye-opener for him, but he prevailed and learned how to make the situation work to his advantage.  He returned to his native land having learned many lessons. Though they were not the lessons he had been sent to learn, they were certainly ones worth learning,  This film is an excellent example of the new genre of Israeli films that take a look at real life and does it at a fast clip instead of the long drawn out approach of the last decade's directors.
 This is an excellent double set. Both are excellent thrillers. In "The Vanishing while Keifer Sutherland and his fianc&eacute; Sandra Bullock are at a gas station she suddenly disappears. He believes she is kidnapped and searches relentlessly for three years before beginning another life with a new lady played by Nancy Travis. When he is about to completly give up on his previous girlfriend, the kidnapper contacts him. Beau Bridges is effective as the scientific kidnapper that is merely conducting a deadly experiament. His family life can not keep him happy enough so as a scientist he must try something against the laws of good. After Sutherland meets him it looks like he will meet his fianc&eacute;s same fate. His life hangs on the fact his new girlfriend has followed him and taken the kidnappers daughter for a ride. What happens next is very suspenseful. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "Breakdown".  In "Black Widow Theresa Russell is effective as a woman that marries wealthy men and then disposes of them in clever ways that look like normal deaths.  A detective played by Debra Winger starts suspecting the string of deaths when she finds an unusual blood test from one. She relentlessly tracks Russell but can't prove anything. When she finally trails her to Hawaii she gets overly zealous and gets to close to the next victim to be. She then gets herself into trouble with the law and thrown into jail trying to prove Russell's guilt when he is killed. How will she prove her own innocence and the Widows guilt? I recommend this DVD set. It is a good value. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "American Gigolo".  CA Luster
 I enjoyed this film. It pushed me to see beyond the two-dimensional view of President Bush that the television, internet and print media offer. Having said that however, I still wouldn't vote for the man.  I found the crux of the movie to be when Vice President Cheney makes his pitch to invade Iraq in order to later invade Iran. The US has 5% of the world's population yet consumes 25% of it's fossil fuel. The exit strategy for the war is presented as "never.  This film is much more than a movie about the 43rd. president of the United States.
 I really enjoyed this movie partly because it examined group of political characters from my time and partly the actors were chosen very well and delivered their roles perfectly. Most of the credit should go to Oliver Stone who did a great job directing it. Regardless of the political views, this is a must see movie. It is hard to dispute most of the scenes laid out in the movie because not even the political figures portrayed in the movie did that. One can learn a lot about inner workings of the very secretive and incompetent government that ruled this country for the last eight years. Moreover the life of an underachiever who made (?)it to the top job in the world (twice) is a mind blowing and a sad thing to see.
 This film does a very good job of capturing the intellectual calibre of George "Dubya Bush, and the crucial moment in history when the decision to invade Iraq was made. The performances were very realistic and at times I thought I was watching the real George Bush, particularly in the scenes where he is making speeches. All the peformances were excellent but I thought Thandie Newton was particularly good as Condeleezza Rice.  Those people who claim the film is not realistic must not realize how much of the dialogue is verbatim quotes directly from the horse's mouth, so to speak. It was hilarious and yet so disturbing to be reminded of the "Bushisms that became so common during his presidency. It is clear to me that the film has been meticulously researched to capture the reality as closely as possible, and in my view it is very effective.  Others have claimed the film is not tough enough on Dubya. I found it to be absolutely scathing, but in a way which might go over some people's heads if they are distracted by the soundtrack and seemingly affectionate portrayal of his weaknesses. Perhaps Stone didn't mean it to be interpreted this way, but this is how I saw it. There is nothing affectionate about this film. It's message is extremely serious, and so it should be considering how many lives have been lost in the debacle that is the Iraq war.  The most powerful moments in the film for me are when Cheyney points out that the real issue for the US when it comes to the Middle East is oil. All the talk about freedom and human rights and protection from terrorist threats are just a cover for their desire to control the region, and thus the largest oil fields on earth. This is why they twisted the evidence of WMDs and ignored all the warnings they didn't exist. Dubya feels extremely angry and betrayed when things begin to fall to pieces and he demands to know why they all got it wrong. No one can answer him because they played him like a fiddle and he is just too stupid and naive to recognise this.  The other scene that stays with me is when he is in bed with his wife, and he can't sleep because of all the stress over the war. She leans over and says to him that if won't last forever and they will get their lives back eventually. It really drove home how divorced from the consequences of their actions world leaders are. What about all the people who have been killed and maimed and had their lives ripped to pieces by this pointless war of aggression? They can't retire to their ranches and spend the rest of their days playing golf to get over it. I have no doubt that very few of those involved in orchestrating this war think much about the victims, to them they are just collateral damage. This film exposes the complete moral bankruptcy at the heart of American politics during Bush's presidency and beyond.  There is also quite a bit left out in this film which would have strengthened it and given more insight into the man, but overall it's definitely worth watching.
 I voted for G.W. Bush but I regret such action after the problems and the image the USA got with this guy. Anyway, the movie is very good, actors well chosen and even it's a biased view (much "a la Oliver Stone") of this american history episode, there is a good amount of truth... nobody can deny the consecuences of "W"'s mandate. So, I enjoyed the film, the narrative and the acting specially the solution the director gave to the main roll in hands of J. Brolin.
 As long as you don't take this as a docu-history, it's pretty entertaining borderline comedy about the unlikely career of George W. Bush, whose presidency looks more and more fantasmagorical in retrospect. Almost every actor here looks virtually just like the real thing, except perhaps the first George HW Bush and his wife, Barbara, and Laura Bush, who looks way better here than in person. Josh Brolin gets W just right, in almost every respect. Those who play Karl Rove, Condi Rice, George Tenet and especially Dick Cheney are spot on. Almost every scene plays out like something from a Bob Woodward book. Oliver Stone is adept at compressing these signature moments into a coherent whole, though the movie is told in a jump around style timewise. If the kids don't take this as historic gospel, it's ok to watch this for a laugh.
 The main thing you need to know about W. is that it shows you the life of George W. Bush from a rather funny (and quite often, accurate) point of view.  From his early days when he first met Laura at a party, to his constant disagreements with his father, to the constant comparison to his brother Jeb, to his early campaign trails, to his eventual presidency of the United States.  W. covers this territory pretty well.  Now here's how the movie works- while *those* events are taking place, quite often the story will switch in a different direction that shows the events (portrayed by characters, of course) where Cheney, Powell, Condoleezza Rice and the rest of the gang were discussing the best strategies concerning the war in Iraq.  All the characters were convincing in their roles, not to mention really *do* resemble their real life counterparts.  Just look at them and try telling me they don't look and act almost exactly like them.  What's especially strange about W. is how it shows George Bush as someone who doesn't seem like he has the dedicated desire (or the intelligence level) to eventually become president of the United States.  This means Bush comes off looking rather odd because he's portrayed as someone who definitely wants to change the world and someone who is definitely passionate about doing so (and as we know, he does eventually achieve his dream of becoming US president) but the storyline develops in a way that makes it look like *anyone* can accomplish the same incredible goal, which is honestly not true at all.  Then again, maybe that's the point.  Maybe the point is that the writers were trying to make Bush appear like an average man from the get go.  That way we can see how flawed he really is.  Anyway, the political arguments dealing with the war in Iraq and the oil supply were interesting in the beginning, but because they are portrayed quite accurately, the only thing these scenes really did for me was allow me to remember the past 8 years.  So for me, the strong point of W. were the humorous segments that focused on how George Bush eventually got into office and less on the Iraq war.  W. is a good trip down memory lane with a bit of humor thrown in (especially whenever Bush tries to say something intelligently and ends up stuttering and saying something half-witted- this happens a LOT).  It combines the real life situations with a touch of the fictional pretty well... at least, I assume certain parts are fictional.
 This film is a mixture of political commentary and character analysis, making it far more interesting that I expected. However, as character study and as political commentary it only goes so deep before turning back, as if the Oliver Stone doesn't totally trust the viewing public with all the details. The film actually paints a sympathetic picture of President George W Bush. This is due to the tension depicted between the cool Episcopalian statesman George Bush and his born-again evangelical son, George W Bush. In some regards, George W Bush follows the policies and ideology of Ronald Reagan rather then the realist approach of his father. The issue of the President's alcoholism was handled very well as we see the President move beyond his alcoholism through his religious faith and the support of his pastor, played by Stacey Keach. There were four events that are missing from the film that are highly significant and I certainly would have been willing to watch 1 more hour of film to see how Stone would interpret the events around the Gore vs. Bush 2000 election struggles in Florida, the response to September 11th, Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans, and the Joe Wilson - Valerie Plame incident that revealed so much about the power of the Vice President in framing the war effort with Iraq. However since the film is not really meant to be comprehensive history, and only comments on policy indirectly, it is the character of George W Bush that is the true subject of the film.  Josh Brolin is excellent as George W Bush as is Richard Dreyfuss in the role of Vice President Dick Cheney. George and Barbara Bush are played by James Cromwell and Ellen Burstyn. They do an excellent job of creating the family of origin tensions that drive much of George W Bush's motivations and actions, at least in this interpretation. Elizabeth Banks plays Laura Bush, the most likeable character in the film. Her support for her husband and faith that he will eventually muddle through appears to be one of his greatest assets. I wish the role of Dick Cheney had been larger since we now know the pivotal role in played in the decision to invade Iraq and the growing distance between the President and Vice President during the last 18 months of his second term when President Bush distanced himself from Cheney, the architect of many of the failures of the Bush Presidency. Jeffrey Wright plays the reflective far-seeing Secretary of State, Colin Powell, who must constantly defend his position against Cheney, Rove, and Rumsfeld. Toby Jones plays Karl Rove and is not given as much emphasis as I would have expected. As far as I can tell, Karen Hughes was completely left out of the film. I was not as impressed with the performance of Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice. She seemed stiff and insignificant. The film does a very good job of revealing how the failure to find any weapons of mass destruction destroyed the credibility of the Bush presidency. At some point George W Bush recognizes that he will go down in history as one of the greatest Presidential failures for taking the United States into a war on false fabricated evidence. The film had to show that President George W Bush was a man who rarely reflected upon his own performance as evidenced by the press conference where he is asked if he made any mistakes in his Presidency, and he responds that he can't think of one. In a presidency that was full of mistakes, this is one of the most fascinating aspects of the film and of the character of George W Bush.
 and you often do not know how much left-inspired claptrap is going to be put into them, and how much factual stuff that few directors could sneak in as well as he does. I am a moderate Democrat, now living in the Bush clan's old hometown, so my vote will never count for anything again, since my county and city are among the heaviest Republican enclaves in the nation. I did not vote for W, either time, but I thought he handled the initial 911 response well, and I gave him the benefit of the doubt on Iraq, until it turned out bad. This film is more interesting for Stone's take on the family dynamics than it is for the Iraq war planning (deceptions, or well-intended honest mistakes?) James Cromwell, as the elder Bush, is wonderful here. Brolin does a fine job in a hard assignment, depicting a person we seem to know so well. It was interesting to see a younger Karl Rove depicted (he just came to town last week promoting his new book.) Love him or hate him, after watching Mr. Stone's very condensed version of his life, you will think you understand George W. a little bit better. Nobody takes the presidential oath intending to hurt the nation, and it's a job that people who are most qualified for it won't go after, because campaigning is demeaning and demoralizing. The Bush family now claims two failed presidents, and I often wonder if W regrets winning a second term. He proved himself more popular than his dad, for a bit of time, but in the end will be rated the less successful leader. This movie reminds us that these famous people once were young, and made lots of ordinary mistakes, before they got the power to make extraordinary errors. You can't help but feeling a bit more compassionate toward the younger Bush when you finish seeing this. That may not have been Oliver's intent, but it's my conclusion.
 This is a movie you should see more than once!  It will infiltrate the recesses of your mind.  After reading all of the reviews I reconsidered what I saw.  I think the first time you see it, it rankles your sensibilities.  The more you see this film, the genius becomes more subtle.  It creeps you out, then it creeps back into memory and provokes conversation with others who saw something different.  Maybe a classic!  Oliver Stone has given us brilliant contemplation with all of his movies.  Whatever he does, he hones to a pure, bare revelation of our culture with all of the nuances of our humanity.  It's tough being challenged and I guess unless you have a liberal epistomology, you go kicking and screaming with preset ideals.  Tolstoy said "the most difficult subjects can be explained to the most slow-witted man if he has not formed any idea of them already, but the simplest thing cannot be made clear to the most intelligent man if he is firmly persuaded that he knows already without a shadow of doubt, what is laid before him.  I also admire Stone, he went to Vietnam as an infantryman and received the Bronze Star and Purple Heart, and as we know W was busy gassing up his plane here in the States.  I'll stick with Stone!  Platoon is his story presented with moving interpretation......
 Oliver Stone directed-movies are usually on the kooky side, but this one is not filled with so much archive footage this time.   Oliver Stone was able to get an all-star cast for this film.   Josh Brolin portrays "George W. Bush".  Bush soon to have a father who will become the Vice President of the United States and eventually The President of the United States, just got himself into some trouble after a football game. He calls his father, George H. W. Bush (James Cromwell) to help him out of jail. Congressman George Bush already has his hands full with Jeb, Neil, Marvin and Doro. "Poppy will help him this one last time. George must be one honky-tonk, hell-raiser of a young man.   As the movie jumps around to George W. as President of the United States to flashbacks of his young adult life, we see Bush has had it up to here with an oil rig job. An intense, dirty job I am sure he was all too proud to get fired from.   Destiny would prevail.   In 1977, George W. decides he wants to run for Congress in Texas. Later that year at a barbecue, he meets the lady of his life, Laura Welch (Elizabeth Banks).   He loses the election.   Four years later, he marries Laura.   After turning 40 in 1986, he gave up alcohol and decides to help his father, who has been Vice President since 1981, campaign for Presidency.   He wins the election, but only becomes a one-term President as he loses the re-election in 1992.   It is at this point that George W. decides to change his entire life around with Laura by his side.  He wants to run for Governor of Texas.  His father and mother, Barbara (Ellen Burstyn), disapprove as they want to concentrate on Jeb who is running for Governor of Florida.  George tells his son, "one Bush at a time".   George W. decides to start a campaign anyway.   Both Jeb and George won their office.   This all leads to George W's historical bid for Presidency in 2000.    Josh Brolin in some scenes really nails the mannerisms and voice of George W. Bush. If you were to look away from the screen, you might think you were listening to the real person.   I did not know that was Thandie Newton as "Condoleezza Rice until I saw the end credits. What a transformation.   Stacy Keach as "Rev. Earle Hudd blew me away with his performanace. I have never seen him in such a role before.   Richard Dreyfuss is a scene stealer as well as Jeffrey Wright.   Jeffrey Wright was fun to watch as "Powell". I have liked Jeffrey Wright in several films, including his role as "Felix Leiter in <a href="http
 For me, this film was a teaching tool to learn more about our former US President, whom I have gone from disliking, to admiring, I've gotten at least to respect and understanding now, because of this film. Josh Brolin does a very nice Bush Jr, and James Cromwell does a nice job as his father, the whole cast does a nice job actually, and director Oliver Stone, though I refuse to sit thru Natural Born Killers, does a good job here, though I'm not sure what he's doing here, but I'm pretty sure it isn't a satire. I'm hoping it's mostly the truth, as to how he went from alchoholic to team player, to 43rd US President. His father-Bush senior, in this film anyway, was always criticizing him into his middle aged years, I had/have a fatherly figure, in the form of my g-pa, so I can understand why he had a hard time loving his dad, although mine was mia half the time. I still don't agree with the 2nd Iraq war, but now I somewhat understand why it had to start, but if they never found WMD but they found Saddam Hussein who is now dead, still looking for Bin Laden, whom at this point, I'm not sure they'll ever find...alive, that is. After he was elected, I was very angry, saying that he stole the election from Gore/Kerry, calling it a fiasco, but now I think I may have been unfairly critical of him. I hope they do a movie on Obama in a few years letting you draw your own conclusions about him, much like this one does, sometimes that works better. However, I'm not sure it's owners material for everyone, regardless of your political views.
 Oliver Stone has never shied away from controversy as any student of films from the last two decades can tell you. Stone has also never shied away from using past Presidents of the United States (JFK, Nixon) for his own dramatic purposes either. Yet Stone choose to make a film about a sitting President, something that hadn't been done before (at least not in name i.e. Primary Colors). So how exactly does Oliver Stone's W. hold up? I'll put it this way; W. is his best film since Nixon in 1995. Why do I say that?  Well to start of Stone has gotten himself one of his best casts. Josh Brolin plays the title role and it is far from a caricature. Brolin's George W. Bush is a fully formed character that while it might not be a dead-on version of the real man is so close at times it can send shivers up the spine. Brolin has the character and voice of Bush done very well though one could argue on how truthful it is to real-life (more on that later). Surrounding Brolin is a whole smattering of excellent actors. First there's Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney who is not only very close to real but also manages to steal any scene he happens to be speaking in,especially the whole "empire speech during one briefing. James Cromwell turns in a memorable turn as George H.W. Bush as does Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell, Toby Jones as Karl Rove and especially Elizabeth Banks as Laura Bush. There are some miscasts though such as Scott Glenn as Rumsfeld and Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice, both of whom seem more suited to Saturday Night Live then to this film. Stone also fails to make use of some of the cast as well, especially Ioan Gruffudd as Tony Blair but the strength of the rest of the cast makes up for this admirably.  W. also has some strong production values as well. While technically a low-budget film by most Hollywood standards (approximately $30 million), Stone makes good use of it. The film takes across the country (and part of the world for that matter) in its locations and it does so without ever feeling cheap in any way. Stone might not have had a lot of money but he certainly spent it well to judge from things like Bush ranch in Crawford or even the White House sets which could arguably compare with those on The West Wing.  And now we come to the controversial part of the film
 When I first heard about W., my initial reaction was that there was no way it could be a good movie.  Oliver Stone is a good director who has sometimes made great films.  However, when it comes to the Presidential movies he's made, JFK and NIXON, his record is atrocious. It's also a well known fact that Stone is not a fan of President George W. Bush and Stone isn't really known for keeping his politics out of his movies.  I admit that the trailers for the movie piqued my interest, but instead of watching the movie in theatres I waited until the DVD release to watch the movie.  I was very surprised by what I saw.  The movie is not told in a linear fashion and instead see-saws back and forth between President Bush's life. It begins in 2002, then flashbacks to 1966, then flashes forward to 2002, then to 1969, then to 2003, etc.  Sometimes such a storytelling device is difficult to follow, but it works well in W.  The movie basically follows George W. Bush as he goes from being a rowdy, drunken college student with a famous father to being a meandering journeyman traveling from one job and profession into another until he eventually feels led to enter politics.  He becomes the governor of Texas and, of course, ultimately the President of the United States.  The portrait that is painted is not one of a man with a hidden agenda and a plan to remake the country and world in his image, but instead of a man blessed with gifts who kept screwing up his life, but finally turned it around and decided he wanted to make the world a better place.  It presents us with a man who truly wanted to do the right thing and believed in what he did.  It's a very human look at our ex-President.  That's not to say the movie doesn't make fun of Bush, because there are times that it does.  The movie spends a good deal of time (probably a third all total) showing Bush's drinking problems and womanizing.  There are scenes where the President is talking with one of his staff, particularly Vice President Chaney (Richard Dreyfuss) and it's obvious to the audience that the Vice President is just using Bush to meet his own goals and fulfill his own agenda.  In scenes such as these, the Bush is presented as a bumpkin who is in over his head.  The movie also tries to present the case that everything that George W. Bush did was to earn the approval of his domineering father, George H.W. Bush.  Still, despite the negative aspects the movie shows of his personal history and character, overall the movie presents a complex and interesting view of our 43rd President.  Some elements of the film have been dramatically fictionalized, others taken directly (and at times quoted) from history.  Some people might be angered by the mixing of history and fiction, but most great biopics do that.  No matter how famous people are or how interesting lives they lived, for a movie things have to be condensed and sometimes in order to connect loose ends an anecdote or scene has to be made up.  In my opinion, the main reason that W. is so compelling is because of the performance of Josh Brolin.  Brolin wasn't Oliver Stone's first choice to play the title character, but it should have been.  Brolin has proved himself time and time again that he is an amazing actor with an incredible amount of range.  His performance as President George W. Bush is flawless.  Ever mannerism, accent, and quirk of Bush are replicated perfectly.  Brolin is matched in his performance by James Cromwell portraying Bush's father George H.W. Bush.  Cromwell's characterization is far from the uncanny performance given by Brolin.  However, he does do an excellent job of illustrating how the movie sees Bush Sr. as the foil for W.  The only other noteworthy performance is that of Toby Jones as Karl Rove.  Rove often is presented in a negative light, but just like President George W. Bush, the movie actually paints Rove in a more positive light--instead of an evil mastermind he's just a wunderkid who's really good at number crunching and reading a political landscape.  Richard Dreyfuss has received all kinds of praise for his portrayal as Dick Cheney, but in my opinion it's horrendous.  Cheney is definitely the villain of the movie and Dreyfuss seemed to have taken an intense amount of glee in portraying a would-be criminal mastermind.  In my opinion the performance is completely over-the-top.  The humanization that Brolin, Jones, and to a lesser extent Cromwell bring to their roles is completely ignored by Cheney.  It's not that Dreyfuss isn't capable of such a feat, because he is, but he just chose not do so.  As for the rest of the cast, all of the other major performances aren't very good and are just characterizations.  I really enjoyed W.  It's a much fairer portrait of President George W. Bush than would be expected from Oliver Stone and it's also an entertaining movie.  Sadly, however, those on the political left will probably continue to ignore it because it isn't negative enough while those on the political right will ignore it because they've been led to believe it is too negative.  If you can put aside your political beliefs and watch the movie for what it is, I believe you'll be pleasantly surprised.
 I was very skeptical about this movie as I didn't like the idea of making fun of a President.  I did enjoy it and it was not as bad as I heard it was.
 The idea of watching an Oliver Stone movie without a sever political bias seemed almost impossible to me when I first saw the film with some friends, his reputation alone had already brought heavy accusations of bias from my more conservative friends with my more liberal friends secretly hoping that the "eventual indictment of his idiotic character might come by the end of the film, as the only moderate of the group I was brought along ultimately to render my verdict on its political biases. To be clear there were four republicans and four democrats in the group and like any good swing vote I was wedged between them in the theater. What I saw was something I think that neither party had expected. The film opens on a scene of Josh Brolin (portraying Bush) playing baseball to raucous cheers in an empty stadium, it is a reoccurring fantasy throughout the film changing slightly as it progresses and depicting a place of both psychological comfort and glory for the character. From there we flash forward to a meeting discussing the future of the War on Terror and the eventual invasion of Iraq, this is largely used to set up the main characters and their current natures, reminding us ultimately of shaped his administration. What is interesting here and as the film progresses however, we see that it truly does focus less on the controversial decisions which would come to shape the Bush White House and more on the nature and character of the former President making it a true profile piece. Documenting his upbringing, search for meaning, decline into alcoholism, and eventual return to god, something that the President has only commented on in vague detail but which the film does an excellent job of depicting without going to an illogical extreme. One of the better aspects of the film is gradual development of his friendship with Carl Rove, Condoleezza Rice, and the other key players who would shape President Bush's early policies, which allows a certain insight into the deep levels of trust he placed in these people and the various ways in which that trust was either proven right or betrayed (as in the case with former CIA Director George Tenet who in a rather somber scene is forced to admit that the CIA's recourses in Iraq were severely limited and lead to the incorrect belief that Saddam had WMD).  Finally the most insightful parts of the film comes in the gradual development of President Bush's relationship to his father and the emotional toll that takes on him. In the end I thought it was an excellent film taking some swipes when necessary but largely retraining itself from descending into a character assassination piece.  The acting is excellent with Josh Brolin, Elizabeth Banks, and Richard Dryfuss all playing their parts to perfection, overall I think that it is defiantly worth seeing for anyone that is interested in developing a better understanding of the culture of the White House and the nature of President Bush. Now, while the movie was light and surprisingly balanced in its approach but the one thing I couldn't over look and that was the fact that it was released while the President was still in office. In the end this prevented me from ever becoming a true fan of the film as I felt ill at ease with the concept of such a portrayal and the nature of its socio-political impact on the Unites States and the White House, both at home and abroad. At the same time I am willing to concede that had they not released it then that the film wouldn't have received the same box office success it did, with the surge turning Iraq from possible failure to possible success, and the economy in decline and the President heading the efforts to save millions of jobs the idea of a satirical profile piece was becoming less and less appealing. Especially once it became clear that whoever the successor was that the United States couldn't simply turn tail and run from Iraq or Afghanistan and may have to follow at least a portion of the Bush Doctrine out of sheer necessity. This left me in a lingering middle ground where most people I know who saw the film find themselves to this day, the more ardent liberals disappointed in the films more moderate portrayal and unable to exorcise their angst on the big screen  were annoyed at how human the President seemed. While at the same time the more stringent right was bothered by the films progressive humanization and subtle undercutting of a President they had elected and form many continued to believe in. Still as I said before if you want to take a more in-depth look at one of the most controversial Presidents of the last fifty years and perhaps at your own biases I would defiantly recommend the film, just don't be surprised if you're not sure what to think after the credits roll. As a friend of mine pointed out once, sometimes when you go looking for answers all you find is information, this film defiantly fulfilled that statement for much of its audience.
 ****1/2  When attempting to dramatize well know events from the recent past - especially those involving public figures who are household names and faces - a filmmaker runs the risk of slipping over into caricature and parody if he isn't careful.  This is particularly the case when the subject is someone like George W. Bush, whose twangy folksiness and propensity for verbal gaffes have made him a prime target for mimicry and ridicule on the standup-comedy circuit.  Yet, in "W., a biopic of the 43rd President, director Oliver Stone and writer Stanley Weiser have largely avoided falling into this trap by providing us with as fully rounded a portrait of the man as one could reasonably expect under the circumstances.  Indeed, those anticipating a slashing satire or a Bush-bashing screed from the left-leaning Stone will be sorely disappointed by what they'll find in this film.  By keeping the cheap shots down to a minimum, the filmmakers allow us to see Bush more as a figure of tragedy than of scorn, a son who could never fully live up to the expectations placed on him by his father and who, as a result, spent his entire life engaged in a kind of Freudian drama of trying to prove himself to the old man.  In W's case, he also had to contend with competition from a younger brother, Jeb, a golden boy who was altogether smarter and more articulate than George, and clearly the apple of their father's eye.  The movie starts off in 2002, just as Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, Powell, Rice, Rove and Wolfowitz are making plans to "sell the Iraq war to the American public.  Using this time period as his outer framework, Stone then delves into a series of flashbacks stretching all the way back to 1966 when Bush was a frat-boy spending most of his time partying at Yale.  From then on we see him as a largely rudderless young man, drinking heavily and unable to hold down a steady job, always looking to daddy - then Senator Bush - to bail him out of his scrapes.  When he hits the age of forty, he undergoes a life-altering, "born-again religious experience that inspires him to give up drinking.  By stages, we see him turning to a career in politics, losing his first election to Congress, but then picking himself up off the floor and becoming a successful contender for Governor of Texas, surrounding himself with savvy political consultants like Karl Rove, who would ultimately help to propel him into the White House (interestingly, the run for the presidency and the voter debacle in Florida are not documented in the film).  It's true that the movie doesn't have much "good to say about Bush - and even less about Cheney who appears as a Mephistophelean figure throughout, the obvious puppet master pulling the strings in their relationship - but Bush is portrayed more as a victim of his upbringing and of circumstances than as an evil or even ill-intentioned person in his own right.  Much of the success of the film lies in the brilliant performance by Josh Brolin in the lead role.  Not only does Brolin have Bush's mannerisms and vocal intonations down pat, but he makes sure that we see the inner workings of the man beneath all the swagger and bluster.  Brolin's thoughtful, sensitive work here helps us to understand how Bush's dogmatic and stubborn nature might actually be the product of his overcompensating for feelings of inadequacy and a poor self-image.  Of course, it is this very dabbling in speculative psychology that is most likely to drive the president's supporters apoplectic with rage while watching this film, but for the rest of us, such an approach actually makes Bush MORE appealing as a person not less so.  Beyond Brolin, there is fine work by James Cromwell as "Poppy Bush, Ellen Burstyn as his mother Barbara, Elizabeth Banks as his wife Laura, and Richard Dreyfuss as the perpetually smarmy Cheney.  There is only one truly awful performance in the film and that is delivered by the normally wonderful Thandie Newton, who turns Condaleeza Rice into a bizarre combination of twisted facial expressions and ear-grating vocal stylings.  As director, Stone's use of tightly-knit close-ups and a persistent - but not distracting - handheld camera brings a much needed quality of immediacy to the movie as it hurtles  through the years at a near-lightning pace.  The script includes many of Bush's most notorious and fondly ridiculed malapropisms and tongue-tied moments - "Is our children learning? "Fool me once...you can't get fooled again, "people are always misunderestimating me - albeit in settings and contexts different from the ones in which they actually occurred.  Critics of the film might view this as yet another example of Stone and Weiser playing fast and loose with the facts, but the goal of "W. is not to provide an etched-in-stone biography of this one specific man but rather a portrait of an individual who engages the audience with his all-too-human frailties and weaknesses.  And at that it succeeds very well.  I can't guarantee how any diehard Bush fan will react to this film, but if you are fair-minded enough to take the plunge, "W. may make you see the man in a somewhat different - perhaps even more favorable - light.
 Considering Oliver Stone's reputation as an unrepentant Bush-loathing liberal, "W.", the director's film about our 44th president, is surprisingly well-balanced and even sympathetic as it portrays the failures of both Bush the man and his administration. The fact that Stone considers the man's reign in the White House a disaster does not mean it lacks objectivity. Except for a few partisan republicans, who can possibly look at the wreckage this man has left behind and not reach the same conclusion?  Josh Brolin's performance holds it all together. He may not look much like Bush, but he captures the man perfectly, from his smirk to his swagger, and, of course, his hilariously inept use of the English language. Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney and Scott Glenn as Donald Rumsfeld are also expertly cast. Some of the other players are a little less convincing. James Cromwell is one of my favorite actors, but he's too sincere and likeable for the role of Bush's two-faced father. Thandie Newton, on the other hand, is downright bizarre as Condelezza Rice. She sounds like Lily Tomlin as Ernestine, the loony phone operator ("One ringy-dingy, two ringy-dingy"). But it's nice to see Stacy Keach, sans mustache, as the Reverand Earle Hudd, a composite of several evangelical ministers who supported Bush's presidential ambitions when his own family did not.  Okay, so Stone imagines incidents in the life of Bush, the private citizen and the commander-in-chief, but this is drama, not documentary, and even the best documentaries are shaped by their makers to express a point of view. Like Stone's other political films ("J.F.K., "Nixon"), "W. is the work of a man with more on his mind than box-office success. That alone makes it worthwhile.  Brian W. Fairbanks
 Like 1995's "Nixon", "W. is a character study of a disgraced conservative president by the famously leftist Oliver Stone that is fundamentally sympathetic to its subject's emotions but unsympathetic to the President's actions. "W doesn't have the depth or nuance of "Nixon", however. Written by Stanley Weiser, the film was shot in only 46 days. Stone calls it a "trim-down movie in which scenes and procedures are simplified and sets less elaborate than they would be in reality. The film takes us through George W. Bush's adult life, starting in 2002 with the President's preparation for his "axis of evil speech and backtracking to his college days at Yale. It proceeds in this way, alternating between preparations for the Iraq war and Bush's earlier life until the two converge.  "W draws on books written about the 43rd president to present George W. Bush (Josh Brolin) as the black sheep of the Bush family, a man driven to take on more than he can handle by his need to impress his disapproving father (James Cromwell), but constrained by a critical lack of intellect
 First, the movie
 I was actually surprised at the fact that I liked this movie. I'm not much for docudrama type movies, and if I'm watching one it usually has something to do with a subject I am interested in. Politics does not fall into this category. But, upon hearing of a George Bush documentary, the first thing that popped into my mind was, "I wonder if he says misunderestimate? I was not disappointed. It went through his asinine years (that is, birth-end of presidency), but it kind of cleared up a few things for me. He might have been an alright president (in the public's eye) if 9/11 and all the war hadn't happened. I mean, c'mon, there is no way to get popular vote during a war. Unless you are able to defeat them single-handedly with no casualties while finding the cure for AIDS. But, I digress. This movie was a rather enjoyable viewing for me. Josh Brolin did a fairly good job portraying him. Ears weren't big enough, though. Anyways, if nothing else, go give it a rent, pay per view, something of that sort.
 W. was easily a four star movie which pulled no punches about our X president, but with few exceptions painted a sympathetic portrait of the man.  I think this film was well done and an excellent transfer to Blue Ray DVD. The DVD also included some very interesting historical background for the film, as well as some speculative source material from which it drew. It depicted the president as a very likeable and sociable man who only wanted to do what he sensed was in the best interest of the country.
 I enjoyed "W greatly.  However, in the United States, I suspect that views of the movie will be seen through the prism of whether one is a Republican or a Democrat.  In my case, as I am not American and merely an outside observer, I think I can be reasonably independent.  So, at the outset, I will state that I both enjoyed the film and believe that George W Bush was a buffoon who brought disrespect to America that is most unwarranted.  America is the great democracy that is seen as the leading nation of the free world.  It is a great pity that it had to endure the eight years of W.  Obviously, Oliver Stone had an axe to grind.  Any viewer of the film should understand this explicitly.  He portrays Bush as a miscreant.  Bush is the son of privilege; the child born with the proverbial silver spoon in his mouth.  This is true and should not be a point of debate.  Indeed, it is to Bush's credit that he was able to overcome his wayward past, sober up and then successfully run for public office.  Josh Brolin plays W and is excellent in the role.  He looks like W and, more importantly, sounds like W.  Only Richard Dreyfuss is more convincing as Dick Cheney.  Yet, it is the story that is more relevant than how closely individual actors picked up the various idiosyncrasies of the main protagonists.  And, it is on this point that Stone succeeds.  He outlines the background to W from his time as frat boy at Yale to the emerging failure of the Iraq war to locate weapons of mass destruction.  But to be fair to Bush, Stone completely glosses over the war in Afghanistan which was arguably essential and achieved success.  As mentioned at the outset, many people will reject this film simply because they know of Oliver Stone's point of view.  This is a shame.  "W is a very good film that, although broadly critical of George W Bush, his policies and his verbal malapropisms is, nonetheless, a rollicking good ride.
 Stone follows the bizarre rise of the most improbable president in our nation's history.  A basically hollow image who became the most powerful man in the world and proceeded to turn it into a mush-minded, bloody morass.  Great actors in supporting roles, and a virtuoso performance by Brolin. A deft and provocative study of the banality of evil.
 Who would have thought that Oliver Stone, creator of the paranoid conspiracy flick, "JFK", would ever come up with a largely empathetic portrait of our recent president? "W chronicles the life of George W. Bush beginning with his days as a drunken frat boy through his days in the Oval office dealing with the War in Iraq and its aftermath.  "W is most successful when we're treated to the 'behind-the-scenes' look at Bush's personality and his interactions with those around him. The most fascinating scenes are the flashbacks which deal with Bush as a young man and his gradual maturation and leap into politics. Josh Brolin does an excellent job capturing the essence of George W. Bush with all his goofy mannerisms. Bush actually comes off as a sympathetic character. Brolin emphasizes Bush's fixation on seeing the world with rose-colored glasses. For Bush, everything is a simple contest between 'good' and 'evil'. His inability to deal with complex issues ultimately leads to policy consequences he's unable to control.  The film is on shakier ground when Stone strays from his tone of behind-the-scenes black humor to heavy-handed political propaganda. This occurs when Stone focuses too much on Colin Powell (who becomes Stone's mouthpiece), with his long-winded dissents over the administration's decision to go to war in Iraq. It's these talky cabinet meeting scenes (particularly in the second half) which slow the movie down. By dealing with dry and familiar political issues and failing to focus on the IDIOSYNRACIES of the characters, one feels as if one is listening to an academic lecture as opposed to viewing scenes fraught with engaging dramatic conflict.  The supporting cast is a mixed bag. Richard Dreyfuss is a dead-ringer for Dick Cheney and does an excellent job of conveying Cheney's 'take no prisoners' philosophy. Toby Jones is less successful as Karl Rove, playing him much 'softer' than he is in real life. I was most disappointed in James Cromwell as George Bush Sr. Whereas Stone made a great effort to have most of the actors resemble those who they were playing, Cromwell doesn't look like George Bush Sr. nor did he make any effort to imitate his voice or mannerisms. Cromwell is better at playing bad guys like in 'L.A. Confidential' or 'Clear and Present Day'; but real life characters need to remind us much more of the real thing. Thandie Newton looks and sounds like Conde Rice but her part is completely underdeveloped. We never get a sense of what she's like as a person (I would have liked to have seen her in a scene where she's playing some classical piano!). Ellen Burstyn as Barbara Bush was okay but seemed a tad bit too young for the part. Elizabeth Banks looks a lot like the young Laura Bush but she never seems to age by the time she's living in the White House. I thought the scene where W. and Laura meet was quite realistic especially with Laura being depicted as opinionated and not willing to be cowed by W. But she never seems to grow as a character in the later scenes (what about all the talk about trouble in their marriage? Or did that come later?)  One gets the feeling that screenwriter Stanley Weiser had access to a a great deal of personal stories about W. and his family which made the film compelling. But he lacked the requisite behind-the-scenes stories concerning the other characters (particularly the cabinet members such as Rumsfield and Colin Powell, who are just there for the history lesson).  "W is an affectionate look at the strengths and foibles of our current president. Oliver Stone is to be commended for examining the life of George W. Bush with empathy which makes for compelling drama. Some of "W is talky and preachy but despite its shortcomings, it's definitely worth seeing.
 Oliver Stone directs an absorbing if somewhat fanciful bio-pic of George W. Bush.  It is not quite a hatchet job but will be enough to irritate Bushies.  The plot line of sibling rivalry between W. and brother Jeb is pure speculation, eclipsed by an Oedipal conflict with Bush the elder.  The cast is extremely strong, especially with Richard Dreyfus channeling the essence of Dick Cheney.  Josh Broland as W. turns in a masterful performance.  Many more years are needed to offer a fair perspective on the Bush era.  In the meantime, Oliver Stone's over the top "adaptation is entertaining and likely to hold your interest, whether you are a fan of The Decider or one of his detractors.
 W. is a film not many people want to see or even discuss because of the subject matter - the career of the country's most unpopular President, the debacle of the Iraq War, and the decimated economy. There is a certain 'guilt' that comes with criticizing the leader of the country, from both conservatives and liberals
 due to a coordinated effort by a right wing web site that hates Oliver Stone and anybody else that doesn't share its ideological slant.  They encouraged their members to write poor reviews to convince you that this movies is not worth your time.  They are angry that Hollywood is able to make a movie about many aspects of Bush's life that were true, but which the corporate owned media didn't allow discussion of.  So if thats who you are too, take their advice because you will hate this movie.  The other 70% of the country should see the movie and judge for themselves.
 Then again, perhaps it is important to focus on his budding personality flaws before we assess all of the damage he has done to America's image with them. Somehow, Jr. has become something of an enigma-is he evil, or stupid? Stone leans toward stupid, but really, he portrays W as a misguided soul with inner conflicts that played into the hands of major power brokers with their own ideas about the future of the country. In light of all of W's early failures in most of his occupational endeavors, it's a convincing GUT of how Dub worked. Stone takes some of the sting out of all of W's recklessness and blundering and presents you an American portrait instead, which may prove infuriating to a good swath of viewers who are expecting a savaging of the Shrub. Brolin is fabulously all over his role as W, everyone else is solid save for Thandie Newton's mousey take on Condoleeza Rice. She had the look down, but her voice coach should have been flogged.  A special note to idiots
 It's basically sort of like a documentary based on former President Bush that I used to show all my friends to show them how our country changed so much over the 8 yrs he was president. It's very accurate in the many issues Bush was involved with, whether the decisions were good or bad (mostly bad in my opinion).
 Oliver Stone has often warned of vast conspiracies involving world political and religious leaders that would eventually coincide with the elimination of the United States and the arrival of the New World Order. He has instructed his followers to sell all their possessions, donate the proceeds to him so that he can make more movies, and flee to rural areas.  In the 1980s, Stone claimed the United States would face an economic collapse; that President Reagan would be removed from office; and that a limited nuclear war would strike the U.S. and wipe out every major city, citing them all name by name. His insistence was that if these prophecies did not come true by May 1988, he would declare himself a false prophet and end his film career. Even as those prophecies of "the upcoming destruction of America famously failed, he has always maintained them to this very day, as proof that those events will eventually occur.  On March 6, 2001, Oliver Stone was purportedly "visited by "a circular, Seven-Angel cloud while eating lunch at a diner in Malibu. This apparition was allegedly witnessed by three other people, and Stone has used this "cloud as a correlation with William Branham. Branham is regarded by some as the "Sixth Angel Messenger, while Stone is seen as the "Seventh Angel Messenger, all derived from interpretations of the Book of Revelation. His vision claimed to see visions of the September 11 attacks months ahead of time; they also intertwined with his classic failed prophecies from years earlier. None of these claims have ever truly been verified.  Some of his movies have addressed his claims of the 1980s claims, including "JFK and "The Doors"; citing New Orleans as proof that "a city was destroyed by God (though it was actually due to the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, and not by a nuclear attack). In addition, he has insisted to the media that he is not a false prophet, that "these were never prophecies, but statements and that "anyone who says otherwise is telling a lie and are "liars.  A lot of people are going to bash this film or praise this film depending on their opinion of the sittign president... but to really understand the angle Stone is taking, you must first understand Stone.
 To be honest, I am a liberal who went to this movie expecting to see a funny parody of George W. Bush along the lines of a Michael Moore film.  While I did laugh at times during the film, I left the movie feeling strangely sympathetic towards poor W.  Stone plays it surprisingly straight, presenting Bush as the kid who had trouble finding his way as a grown-up.  The main focus here is on Bush's relationship with his father, particularly his efforts to constantly try to please George the elder and falling short, especially when compared with his brother Jeb.  Stone effectively weaves in flashblacks from Bush's college and early adult years with his first term as President.  Some major events, including the 2000 election and September 11th, are given almost no attention, but again, that's not the main focus of the film.  The movie is superbly cast.  Josh Brolin does an amazing job as W.; he manages to capture Bush's mannerisms in a portrayal that is uncannily accurate without becoming a caricature.  Then there's James Cromwell, who looks and sounds nothing like George Bush senior but somehow manages to depict the former President perfectly just the same.  Most of the other supporting roles are excellent as well, from Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney to Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell; the one exception was Thandie Newton's Condoleezza Rice, who DID feel more like a caricature.  No matter which side of the aisle you find yourself on, this is an engrossing movie with the potential to appeal to many different types of people, and I definitely recommend it.
 The film has a structure similar to Stone's "Nixon", jumping from the present to the past and then back again. The scenes that occur during the presidency focus almost entirely on the Iraq War, while W's biography begins at his Yale fraternity hazing. James Brolin does a brillant job capturing W's mannerisms and good ole boy way of talking. The youthful W is depicted as a hard drinking womanizer who can't hold a job and seems to have no direction in life. After a "born again religious experience he cleans up his act and begins to have political ambitions. But apparent throughout are W's "daddy issues and how he feels Poppy Bush prefers brother Jeb over him. I particularly enjoyed the dream sequence with his father near the end of the movie.  This is closer to a bio-pic than a hachet job. But it is also very much a political satire. The film had the audience laughing throughout and the jokes were mostly at W's expense. It does attempt to explain the psychological motivations behind W's actions and some viewers may leave feeling sympathy for him. But the overall portrait that emerges is of a clownish bumbler in way over his head and being manipulated by Cheney, Rumsfield and Rove into a war with sinister motivations and a tragic outcome.  Not everything that Stone tries here works and I would have preferred a linear timeline and more broadly focused account of W's inept administration that included 9/11, Hurricane Katrina, etc. But the film is entertaining enough and will serve to confirm what most Americans already know - that under W this country has definitely been heading in the wrong direction.
 Here's an odd little movie.  It's a kitchen sink drama about a sitting President of the United States.  Yes, it's got stock footage of the Iraq war, and an all-star casting playing members of the Cabinet, and it's got a greatest-hits collection of everyone's favorite George W. Bush misquotes.  But it's also a sad, downbeat little drama about a man-child who failed at everything he ever did, and then became President just to prove a point to his father -- and failed at that, too.  Oliver Stone's movie has been praised so far for not being overtly political, and for being somewhat sympathetic to its subject.  Still, the director doesn't pull punches on showing "W"'s hard-drinking past, and he lists all of the man's life failures prior to becoming owner of the Texas Rangers.  There are a few trademark manipulative Stone moments -- for example, a pan over the infamous "Mission Accomplished poster quickly jump-cuts to a montage of Iraq insurgent bombshells and wounded veterans.  We also get the moment where the Prseident nearly chokes on a pretzel while watching college football on TV.  And, even though Bush did win the 2004 election, the movie stops short of that in order to end on a surprisingly downbeat note.  This movie is sympathetic to Bush, but it's also quite critical.  There's a fleeting image of John McCain, too, lest we forget the choice we have to make in a couple of weeks.  The cast is almost uniformly superb.  Josh Brolin, playing Bush both in his hard-living 20s and his Presidential late 50s, carries off the role so effortlessly that it's easy to overlook how hard he had to work to make this movie work.  And it does work, thanks to Brolin.  The aces of the supporting cast include James Cromwell as George H.W. Bush -- giving the man a true gravitas that pop culture denied him 15 years ago, when he was being parodied by Dana Carvey and "The Simpsons".  Jeffrey Wright is heroic as Colin Powell.  Finally, Richard Dreyfuss's interpretation of Dick Cheney merits serious Oscar consideration.  No over-the-top trademark Dreyfuss moments here.  He is superb lurking in the shadows and lording over a map of oil wells in the Middle East.  I only had two disappoinments walking out of the theater.  One was the limited scope of the movie.  There's no mention of what history will really recall about the Bush presidency
 Josh Brolin does an excellent job portraying the 43rd President.  The movie itself lets the public have a glimpse of the inter-workings of The Bush-Cheney White House.
 "W is an interesting movie by one of the masters of persuasion, Oliver Stone. Here, Stone tells the story of George W. Bush with subtle and not so subtle biases (heavy drinking tarnishing his image, foul language, etc.) I enjoyed the film, for the most part. The biggest criticism I have is Stone's decision to go back and forth between time periods instead of telling the story from the beginning to end. It all seems to work, however. Stone reinforces all of the negatives that permeated W's life (drinking, especially) in order to create the image that W was unsuited for any of the positions (from a character standpoint) that he held in politics, as well as depicting him as inept and unintelligent. Josh Brolin does a good job as W, but he could've mastered his mannerisms that we've all become familiar with over the years. Richard Dreyfuss plays the perfect Dick Cheney, and does a superior job portraying the VP, though it must've been painful for him to play the role of a conservative. The movie focuses on the Iraq War, and all of the blunders that occured from its inception. In some ways, this movie reminded me of Fahrenheit 9/11, with its satirical components. Overall, this movie works on some levels, but comes up short on others.
 Four stars because all the demands of this difficult project were met by researchers, writers, lawyers, set creators, casting, wardrobe and makeup, cameramen, director, editors, etc. Oliver Stone could bring it through. Unlike the man the picture is about, who could not.  In making this film, Stone knew he would have to travel a straight and narrow path, lawyers to the left of him, lawyers to the right. All the characters in the film are drawn from still living persons, any one of whom if "maligned could wield the injunction club and force reshoots or reedits or entomb the master print for a quarter century. Stone and his financiers would be left reeling. Thus we find ourselves at an anticipated Golden Gloves competition, No Punching Profanity Shouting or Spitting Allowed.  In the first portion of this film, I felt like I was caught up in a flash flood. Finally the appearance of Laura calmed me down, here instantaneously was a warm human being. The restaging of the catastrophic White House doings gave me a You Are There simplified refocus on the existent megaton journalistic trove on the same subjects. The physically towering Father Bush was an indulgent exaggeration to make a point. The film evoked no emotion or insight.  You've heard of the Peter Pan syndrome, but maybe not of Kidult or Puer aeternas. These terms, loosely applied, come to me as I see "George W. Bush in the film. As he envisions himself as the Sports Hero as thousands cheer, as he cockcrows at the frat house, as he saucy flirts with Laura girl, as he stuffs sandwiches into his face, as he bullies, as he makes big hard decisions without a second thought, as he relishes landing on the carrier in a pilot costume, as he finally muddles down tongue-tied at the press conference. (Oliver neglected to include a crucial scene of the President on tv tossing Us the People his bad-cholesterol Texas hushpuppies.)  Peter Pan, Kidult, Puer aeternas, playing with Poppy's gun in the Oval Office. By acclamation and chaddy ballots, Little Boy George, the new leader of Our Gang. (Turn green with envy, Farina.) Well, his eight years of D-minuses and Deportment Poor are over. Somewhere 500 monkeys are keyboarding away, they will either write Hamlet or GWB's Presidential Memoirs. If the latter, it will make millions. But I say Bosh, Mr. Bush, a penny for your thoughts!
 I never was, nor will be, a George W Bush enthusiast, yet I went to the movie because of the director Oliver Stone. He didn't disappoint me. It helped to understand the man, George W a bit more, and even take a liking to him. "W is the absorbing story of a man who ascends the presidency without the necessary skills and experience. Being aware of it, he surrounds himself with veterans and experts of all sorts. That becomes a recipe for disaster both for him and the world. It's not a biography of the man, nor is it a political history. Stone's attempt is a character study of the most intriguing public figure of our time. It's a bit sketchy for that matter. The movie shows fragments from his presidency, interspersed with flashbacks of his youthful years. Some of the very important moments of his life, his handling of 9/11 being an example, are unfortunately left out. Yet the portrayal is complete enough for us to be able to relate to his struggles and pains, and to empathize with him, a man with good intentions surrounded by manipulative people.  The cast is superb with very few exceptions. Josh Brolin, the title character captures it almost perfectly including the mannerisms and the body language we are all familiar with. It's not easy to play the role of such a public person like the President. Josh does it effortlessly. Dick Cheney (Richard Dreyfuss) is well portrayed though he comes across more as a scheming villain than a supportive VP, which is discomforting. The characters of Karl Rove (Toby Jones), Donald Rumsfeld (Scott Glenn), Colin Powell (Jeffrey Wright), and Bush the senior (James Cromwell) are perfectly cast with credibility. Elizabeth Banks who plays Laura Bush is graceful and does justice to the first lady. Whereas Condoleezza Rice portrayed by Thandie Newton did not seem prominent enough to be convincing.  The Iraq war is a recurring theme throughout, along with the reasons for the fateful decision, the struggles and pains of the conflict, the frustrations in not finding WMDs and the personal agony of the man at the helm of affairs. But the movie is much more than that. Unlike the war, the movie ends rather abruptly and inconclusively, leaving the audience to their own final judgments. That is sure to be in favor of the film and Oliver Stone.
 By the way, wasn't The Decider the nickname of one of those NASA-CAR fellas? Hehe.  Ok that's my Bush impression. It's nowhere near a good as Josh Brolin's. Brolin nails the Prez. with nuance, both young Bush and old. He doesn't really shade Bush's character, he just seems to be trying for accuracy in portraying the Prez.  And that's kind of how Oliver Stone approaches this movie. He just lets things happen and lets you decide the importnace and meaning of it all. Some people say he's too easy on Bush, some say he's too hard. This movie's like a mirror, it will refelct your own opinions of the man. Maybe that's it's purpose. Maybe it was meant not to give us the scandalous low-down but to get us to refelct on why we helped elect a man who was really not suited for the job at all. I think the big question of the movie is "How did THIS GUY get to be the most powerful man in the Free World. And Stone only hints at the answers. As a mater of fact, he barely hints at the questions. That's the viewer's job.  Maybe it's not a tell-all, maybe it's Stone being all Socratic-like.   And the ending is pretty stark and frightening considering the fact that W still has a few months in office, during one of the most trying times in our country's history.
 Are Americans ready for a movie that portrays President George W. Bush's life as an Oedipal drama?  In "W, Josh Brolin plays the current president as a kind of Austin Powers party boy with major unresolved father issues.  (In the movie, he does not actually utter the line, "Daddy doesn't love me! but comes close.)  Here, he's invariably second to brother Jeb, which may not be surprising, since the latter (at least here) is able to embark on a career and doesn't constantly require his father's intervention to fix his booboos.  In contrast, W.'s pre-political life is checkered with failure, until he becomes a born again Christian (swapping Poppy for a more forgiving father) and runs for governor of Texas, and eventually President of the United States.  The real hero of the film, if there is one, was James Cromwell's portrayal of Bush Senior, who never completely grasps the effect his behavior has on his son, and who is forced to watch W. commit blunders on a global scale.  Also giving good performances are Jeffrey Wright as Colin Powell, Richard Dreyfuss as Dick Cheney, and Thandie Newton as Condoleezza Rice, all of whom must also watch their Commander in Chief bumble his way through the 9-11 crisis with bravado but not a whole lot of sense.  While this way of framing W's life makes for a more sympathetic film than you might expect, it raises questions.  If we're going to place so much emphasis on Bush's upbringing as an explanation/excuse for his political agenda, what about Saddam Hussein and his unresolved father issues?  Or Osama bin Laden, who has a lot of siblings and probably didn't get much of his dad's time?  Would we, as a country, not be in this never-ending war, if the perpetrators' fathers had given them more positive attention?  It's an interesting theory, but there's much more to it than that.
 I guess Bush isn't so bad... as a Christian! Good thing Jesus is suppose to forgive. He would have been a great fraternity brother!
 The two-terms long Presidential Administration of George W. Bush, Jr., was among the most iniquitous political broods of vipers in history postdating the First World War, in the U. S. of A. or elsewhere. Because of that, it is hard to evaluate a film about Bush without it becoming a Rorschach blot for one`s own sensibilities concerning that brutish quasi-troglodyte himself and, as well, his malevolent Svengali-like chief accomplice, Vice-President Dick Cheney, who was even more mendaciously cynical and venile than the other members of Bush`s cabinet; as well to account for, as Oliver Stone`s film does so to too slight extent, is the equally trigger-happy, pro-Zionist, and profiteering innermost coterie within the Pentagon during Bush`s time as president.  Such coteries, of course, burrowed themselves elsewhere into the various branches of U.S. goverment and within the Civil Service, often establishing therein platforms for private gain (when "conflicts of interest too seldom even were acknowledged), for suppressing competition, for "neo-con manipulation of information, for circumvention or even outright elimination of publicly beneficial regulation (especially of financial institutions), and for skewing policy and its enforcement to their own favour and to the political, diplomatic, and military fortunes of their neo-con ideology. Stone alights fleetingly and obliquely upon some aspects of this here and there in his film, which, however, is far from emphasising the motives of personal enrichment as, under Bush Jr. and under Obama, the U.S. has been morphing into militaristic, autocratic kleptocracy. The film treats at considerable length many of these matters, for example and importantly, the Bush Administration`s deeply entrenched connexions in, and profits from, the petroleum industry in the U.S. and in the Middle East (which the film and its special features, indeed, do emphasise but don`t note explicitly enough the orgy of profiteering greed and partiality which that engendered among the Republican super-rich oil barons). Furthermore, there is dealing with such matters, too, but still rather cautiously, among what "W., the Official Film Guide", the DVD-Rom special feature on this DVD of the film, amplifies in words.  The film itself attempted to touch upon these matters with subtlety (perhaps too much so for optimal effectiveness) rather than with hard-hitting explicitness. Neo-con zealots who make their own deluded projections upon the central figure of his time and of this film as somehow being of heroic stature only show what fools that they can be.  All of that said, it would have been better for this viewer, maybe for others, also, to see the special features documenting this film. They are really excellent and "Dangerous Dynasty
 George W. Bush, is not only considered the WORST President by Presidential historians, but he is also considered the most controversial. Oliver Stone did his best (with what he had to work with at the time) of what was known about George W.Bush (as most of his past has been sealed up lock and key; him testifying before the SEC about his failed businesses and his businesses investments, his driving record in New Hampshire, him disappearing when he was transferred from the Texas Air National Guard to the Alabama Air National Guard), and, love him or hate him, Oliver Stone made the film and did his best with what he had to work with.  George W. Bush (Josh Brolin) is a hard-drinking, trouble-making, Yale baseball cheerleader. He get's into Yale (thanks to his father, who he calls "Poppy throughout the film), get's into TONS of trouble (George W. Bush was the first person as President to enter office with a criminal record), and after he graduates from Yale, he meets his future wife Laura Welsh (Elizabeth Banks) at a BBQ. The film goes back and forth with him as a young man and through the beginnings of the stages of Gulf War 2. The film also goes through the events of him running for the Texas State Senate; he loses, and it's their that he becomes a born-again Christian. His father, runs for the White House in 1988, wins, and his son George helps him with his public campaign; it's their that George W. Bush meets Karl Rove (Karl Rove has been known as 'Bush's Brain', and Karl's nickname, given by W. was 'turd blossom'). Karl helps George run for Governor of Texas beating Texas Democratic Governor Ann Richards in 1994. As George W. Bush's second term as Texas Governor ends in 1999, he decides to run for President. As said before, the film goes back and forth with him giving the call to invade Iraq and overthrow Saddam Hussein; as we all know, the victory was short-lived and began a bloody insurgency against American troops and our allies in Iraq.  As for George W. Bush, Oliver Stone portrays him as confused, and just being used as a puppet while his Vice President Dick Cheney was holding the real power; George was just for show. The people in his Administration showed extreme loyalty to him, and never disagreed with him about anything (except with a few; one being Colin Powell). George, in the film, looks and feels like a small child who is lost and doesn't understand what is going on with everything around him.  The historical inaccuracies are here and there, but I explained what they were; one of them (I failed to mention) was his two failed oil businesses called Arbusto Energy and Harken Energy; it wasn't mentioned in the film, but it also doesn't mentioned his connections once his failed businesses filed for Chapter 11 (who bailed him out); the people that bailed him out where The Bin Laden Group for an undisclosed amount of money (his testimony to the Securities and Exchange Commission is under lock and key for another 40 years), his driving record in New Hampshire in 1974 is under lock and key, and what happened to him during those two years when he was transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard is anybody's guess.  Through this film does have some historical inaccuracies, it definitely brings George W. Bush as just plain confused, and trying to get under daddy's shadow (as he is trying to do through the whole film). It's a interesting look at the most controversial Presidents in American history; is it missing some facts? Yes it is, but if you go into this film, and look at it for what it is, you will see it is rather well told.
 An excellent well paced portrayal of a President who isn't so much incompetent as out of his depth. His advisers such as the wily and hawkish Dick Cheney (skillfully played by Richard Dreyfuss), Donald Rumsfeld and Condy Rice (who comes across perhaps rather fittingly as a bit of a nerdy academic) run rings around him by appealing with great success to his inadequacies. Stone ensures he remains a sympathetic character because of an endearing vulnerability, despite the destructive consequences of a President swinging between florid impulsiveness on the one hand and crippling indecisiveness on the other. The closing scene says it all.
 `W' follows George W Bush's path to the Whitehouse and when there, the path to war with Iraq. He comes across as a spoilt, rich boy desperately seeking his fathers approval and who slowly starts to believe his own hype and propaganda. This film shows how much influence Cheney actually had and also how much Karl Rove manipulated and lead Bush throughout his political career. The war is shown to be about oil and imperialist ambition and although Bush believed in what he was doing, he is shown to be misguided and flawed in his world view. This film is well directed with excellent performances from both Brolin and Dreyfuss. Thandie Newton, on the other hand, was terrible, her accent and overall acting is very wooden and lacks any skill whatsoever. Bush comes across as a very religious man and ultimately he let his religion influence his politics, to the detriment of world political stability and this film shows that aspect very well. This isn't the most flattered bio-pic of George W Bush but it does give a deeper understanding of his character, even if it does reinforce your negative opinions of him and his deeply flawed administration. Worth a viewing.  Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
 I have not bought the dvd for this movie but it may be worthwhile.  I would give the movie higher marks than what has been given on imdb and here on amazon.  It's a good movie.  It not only gives insight on W's earlier life but actually does a rather good portrayal of the administration.  I think all the actors in the movie did a fine job in their respective roles.  Now as for Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condoleezza Rice.  Some say it was awful and cartoonish.  I would agree to a certain extent.  It made Rice look subservient and dumb.  But the characteristics of Rice was quite accurate with a touch of being over the top.  You'll definitely catch it and actually made me laugh.  But maybe that was the premise of the movie.  To have this "loopy lost feeling to it. Just listen to the soundtrack with the whimsical French accordion playing.  You didn't keep your eye on the ball, George.  You lost the ball! 
 I never cared for George Bush. He just didn't seem to take his job as President seriously. When Katrina was happening ,and our economy was in the crapper, he seemed to be walking around carefree. And what was up with all of his winking and smirking when talking about serious issues? Was he just dumb or plain evil? Oliver Stone goes with ambitous yet not so bright. A guy that hangs out with power hungry lunatics looking for a patsy at their beck and call. His Bush plays like a Forrest Gump ,(only with less heart)who by several strokes of luck and lots of dirty work by his minions becomes Governor of Texas ,then President. I have to say this is not what I expected from Oliver Stone. I thought for sure Oliver would make mincemeat out of our former potus.But instead , he does a character bio of rich kid who is always in the shadows of his father and his successful younger brother. All this Bush wants to do is succeed at something without his father's help. The soundtrack is pitch perfect. He even uses an old Alan Jackson song called Chattahoochie. Josh Brolin really crawled into Bush's skin and played him well. But Richard Dreyfuss as Cheney is downright scary. Dreyfuss wasn't alotted much screen time, but whenever he was in a scene , he pounced on it , like a shark in for the kill.  It was funny in parts,just the way Oliver Stone pieced this together ,but hard to watch because our country is still reeling from all the damage that was done during Bush 8 years in office.
 The Bottom Line
 Like Stones' other biopics of american presidents this is very well crafted. Josh Brolin does a great job starring as Bush jr, and in some scenes he is eerily lookalike. The film alternates between the time just before the invasion of Iraq, and episodes from W
 To begin with, I confess that Mr. Stone's other contemporary Presidential biopic, "Nixon, has held my attention and admiration as my third favorite film, ever since I first saw it many years ago. So, it was inevitable that I could be disappointed by this new work, especially without the cinematographer Robert Richardson attached--and yet, I knew better. Here, the subject is G.W., who entered our lives well after the onslaught of epidemic political cynicism and 24-hour news cycles cranked out by media conglomerates. It is in fact Nixon who, Stone argued, marked the beginning of this terrible loss of innocence, making him truly the last great archetype of Greek-tragedy proportions (an aspiration that truly defines Mr. Stone's estimable oeuvre). Adding to that, our sitting President is not an especially nuanced or complicated human being--yet, human nonetheless, and what occurs to me is that any sincere attempt to plumb W.'s humanity could only make him so much more human than the truly villainous figure to whom we attribute countless loss of life and arrogant mismanagement of our centralized government.  That is, to be true, what happens in the film "W. And again, if Oliver Stone is accused of obsessing over Greek mythology, here we can see new pangs reminiscent of Arthur Miller with his skill of dissecting the American family. It is widely reported, and all-too-simplistic, that the underlying conflict of this film is Oedipal, as between George H.W. and George W. But what I believe the viewer leaves with, after watching this film, is not any profound intrigue about that relationship between father and son, but rather the inevitable "Cabinet family that creeps onto the prodigal son as he plods into his proof that he is stronger than his father, more deserving of his father's love, more deserving than Jeb, and "born again. Indeed, one important discipline I've always practiced during the end credits of a film I care about is eavesdropping, and tonight I heard several iterations of a startling conclusion
 Josh Brolin carries this movie and embodies George Bush brilliantly.  You get wrapped up in his portrayal without it being a distraction.  Isn't that what's most important when taking on a role like this?  I think the movie remained fair and accurate without being overly liberal, considering most of the talent involved I'm assuming, were not Bush Fans!  The old quote "just reportin' the facts, folks comes to mind.  I think this film put a face on how George Bush operated and functioned as a man and as our Commander In Chief.  I'm sure republicans will only deny most of the films accuracy, but I think we all know this was just a tiny slice of what really went on in that man's world.  Actually he was probably WORSE than what this film portrayed, I think they were being NICE and in the end, generous to George Bush as not too humiliate and slander him any more than what he's already done to himself.  The end scene plays out in a prolific statement that the sport he so loved baseball, was how Bush saw himself in the field of politics.  And when it really counted, that last chance at catching a home-run ball, the moment eludes him, the ball flies over his head and all he can do is sit there and look dumbfounded.  Such as his 8 years in office.  This film confirms my belief that George Bush really was a terrible man and comes from a spoiled arrogant family that seems to think they are entitled to the world on a platter.  Humble he was not which is a contradiction to his religious lifestyle.  This film is a testament to the worst presidency our country has ever had the misfortune to endure.  A special shout-out to the actor who played Colin Powell.  There was one scene that added some much needed comic relief when he told Cheney to f@#$ off.
 I will say this for Mr. Stone; he is a very brave man.  He's known as one of our most controversial directors and he continues to push the envelope, not only with subject but also with construction.  Because of that he is a very `love him or hate him' kind of director.  Look at his work on films like `World Trade Center', `JFK', `Platoon' and `Natural Born Killers'.  These are all films that are so strongly opinionated and controversially designed that the illicit in the audience a reaction of acceptance or repulsion.  Case in point; I hated `World Trade Center' yet I consider `JFK' to be one of the strongest character biopics I've seen.  So, continuing his quest for offence, Stone decided to make a biopic on the man we all have grown to unabashedly condemn as the single worst human being brought into power in the history of the world.  Okay, so not everyone feels that way; and personally I won't even go there (since this particular subject is such a sore spot) but the general consensus is that Bush hacked up the country.  The fact that Stone wanted to do Bush's biopic is not the controversial part.  What is though is the fact that Bush was still serving as President when the film was released.  He didn't even wait for the term to end before he jumped in the director's chair and publicly critiqued the man's life.  He may have been the most hated, but technically he was still the most powerful.  Well, after seeing the film I can finally weigh in on how I feel Mr. Stone has done.  Stone and I have had a rocky past.  I've publicly denounced his seemingly vapid attempts to shed light on the atrocities of 9-11 or his attempt to humanize a certain rockstar, and yet, as I mentioned, he floored me with his powerhouse of a film called `JFK' and a recent viewing of `Platoon' has cemented the film in my soul.  So, lets say that I was excited to see what he could do with Bush, yet I wasn't getting my hopes up too high.  I liked this much more than I thought I would have.  Stone was smart in his construction here, which totally helps with the films pacing and storytelling ability.  Instead of telling the story chronologically, Stone opted to tell the story in vignettes that shift back and forth from college years to Presidency to his time as Governor.  This way the film always stays engaging.  I was shocked, but the film also never felt confusing, which sadly can happen with this style of storytelling.  The script is centered enough to keep the focus grounded and keep our attention.  I'm not a very political person and even I understood everything that was going on.  The inspired casting is also a huge bonus.  Much has been said of Brolin's performance, which is close to perfection here; but he isn't the only one.  Richard Dreyfuss, James Cromwell and Toby Jones all deliver understated yet powerful performances (Newton may have nailed her character, but she does so at the expense of the film, creating a caricature as apposed to a genuine person), especially Cromwell who embodies Bush Sr. with a sense of self-centered sympathies needed in aiding ones understanding of Bush Jr.  So, with that said, Brolin delivers the performance of his career as President George W. Bush.  What is so impressive about this film is that while it never condones any of the horrific decisions Bush made, and it in no way shape or form paints him to be an intelligent or considerate person, it allows the audience to sympathies with the man's very human issues.  We see him being manipulated by the people around him and his genuine feelings.  Whether he is striving for his father's approval (I felt the films opening and closing with Bush in the roaring baseball stadium were perfect symbolisms of his desperation for acceptance) and struggling to find his own voice amidst the suggestions of others (that last press conference is a sublime example of this man's utter loss of individuality), `W.' paints Bush as a man, plain and simple.  No matter what your feelings are on this man and what he has done to the world, Stone delivers a sympathetic look at what could have led things to go as wrong as they did.  I was very impressed with this because it would have been very easy to spend two hours condemning a man for his mistakes.  Instead, Stone chose to point them all out yet he (along with Brolin) give this man enough of a soul that we can almost sympathize with his failure.  What is so commendable about Brolin is that he doesn't just deliver mimicry but embodies this man with passion and uncovers who he really was, or at least who Stone perceives him to be.  So, regardless of how accurate this one is (Stone has always been more intent of delivering his personal interpretations, which is what any visionary director SHOULD do) it is still a very insightful, enlightening and engaging portrait of a man we all think we know.  It has its flaws (some of the scenes can feel like a series of overlong conversations strung back to back) but it also has its shining moments.  If you can take the good with the bad (or visa-versa) than this is a film you should see.
 Oliver Stone's "W had the most uncomfortable effect upon this viewer of generating actual pity for George Walker Bush, a man who has wreaked more destruction and sorrow on the planet than any President in the history of the United States.  My basic attitude toward any Stone film is "big deal without necessarily seeing the film.  I've never understood the OS phenomenon.  Particularly with respect to his "political films, filled with disinformation so far reaching and absurd that one is tempted to call them propaganda.  (The film "The Doors was absolutely awful and a complete waste of a great subject. It's "success is a consequence of the naivete of the viewers and the "music video strain in early 90's film.) "JFK was entertaining in a horror/intrigue sort of way, but at no point was it remotely in contact with reality.  "NBK was just futile depravity shot in really "cool hues of studio light.  This film, though, garners some real respect.  There is not one scene in this move that is sensationalistic or cannot be verified factually.  All one need do is crack open a respected bio(psy) of George W.'s reign of terror to corroborate information. "State of Denial by Bob Woodward was obviously a big influence.  Ellen Burstyn is an actress who has a talent for playing women in some scary/miserable situations.  One recent example is "Requiem For A Dream", playing a drug addled mother imbibing speed constantly to avoid acknowledging her son's rapidly escalating heroin addiction.  I maintain that I would rather be the mother of the demon possessed Regan MacNeil in William Friedkin's classic "The Exorcist than the mother of George W. Bush or Bush Sr's wife.  As the woman who once told the press that there was no need for her to waste "as beautiful a mind as her own on the messy business of body counts launched by her husband's insurrections, Burstyn does a fantastic job.  All steel.  The madness of the Bush/Cheney administration is given a by turns comical, depressing, and sad treatment.  Josh Brolin looks nothing like Bush, but he acts *just* like him
 Just how could a man who couldn't hold a steady job or earn an honest living until he was well into his forties become president of the USA? This is the question under examination in W., a film that fails to make much of an impact because it can't make up its mind as to what it wants to be (kind of like the young W. himself). Its not quite leftist propaganda because the portrait is too sympathetic to be dismissed as simply that but its not exactly fair and balanced either. Stone seems to be motivated by a desire to allow us unprecedented (albeit fictional) access to a complex and flawed individual (aren't we all) who has strong convictions but who at the same time is a comic figure who never takes himself that seriously and is not taken seriously by those closest to him. To a certain extent Stone makes sense of the contradictions that mark this divided man (half clown, half crusader) and the result is a personal and political comedy of errors. Substantively the film essentially gets things right
 A lot of people will hate "W. People who love/respect the former president will find it distasteful, biased and untrue. Those who hate the man will probably find it as an over glorified and too restrained portrait of a man who many call the "worst president of all time". So, who is this movie for? In my opinion, anyone who just likes good biographies.  "W.", Oliver Stone's controversial biopic of George W. Bush from his college days to the end of his first term as president is a fascinating film that you just need to see. "W. marks what is possibly the first film by the director that actually just shows the story. There is really no way to tell which way the writer/director voted in 2000 and 2004 based on this film because it's that neutral. There are scenes where speech flubs are made (the famous "misunderestimate is casually throw out near the end), fights (both verbal and nearly physical) between father and son Bush and moments of complete embarrassment (in a press conference Bush tries to remember a reporter's name but comes out with "Miss China because the woman is Asian). These could be taken as signs that this is a Bush-bashing film, but how can something be demeaning if Bush actually said and did these things?  According to Stone, everything in this film can be proven with documented evidence (with the exception of several 'dream sequences' where Bush is on a baseball field). In fact, there's apparently a documentary or book in the making chronicling all the sources used to make the film.  I'm sure Bush supporters will find this evidence falsified and inaccurate, but regardless nothing happens in the film, I feel, that doesn't seem far fetched or made up. Most of what's shown was publicly seen by millions so I don't see how that can be untrue.  But by this using this straight forward approach to Bush's life and presidency is where Bush haters will jump off the wagon as well. Early advertisements for this film make it appear as a comedy; a real roast of the 43rd president, but to the dismay of those expecting that, it's not.  I know people will disagree, but I feel this film to be one of the most unbiased biographies ever made; and to think it came from Oliver Stone only adds to my praise for the director and his work.  The performances are all universally excellent. While not my first choice to play the commander-in-chief, Josh Brolin is amazing. There are moments when you actually believe it's Bush onscreen (the voice is extremely realistic). Elizabeth Banks (as Laura), James Cromwell (as H.W.), Ellen Burstyn (as Barbara) and Toby Jones (as Karl Rove) are never truly convincing in their respective parts, but still put on a pretty good illusion. The actor to see in this movie, however, is Richard Dreyfuss; who morphs himself into Dick Cheney. The disgruntled facial expressions, slightly hunched shoulders and those menacing dark eyes can send chills down your spine. But we get no more than that. In fact, the only viewpoint we get is Bush's and no one else's; this is really "THE George Bush Movie"; "BUSHOVISION as I remarked after watching the film. This helps and hurts the film, because you want to see what's going on in the lives of those around Bush as well, but you don't. Maybe there will be a Cheney film next; I'm thinking "Undisclosed Location as a title.  Regardless of the controversy that has surrounded this film, if you like biopics, then this movie is for you. But if you're looking for a Bush-praising or Bush-bashing story then move along, because this is neither.
 Saw this last night. Oliver Stone in W. focuses on G.W. Bush's alcohol fueled youth, and the  Iraq war.  Bush's presidency is too recent to seek historical perspective. Stone is smart to not try. He gives the film a satirical flavor--deliniates Bush as a hard-drinking, "from the gut Texas cowboy, with Dick Chaney pulling the reigns. You can argue merits, but Bush in W. is likable if not bright. Fun to watch.  The history is also given quasi-comic treatment
 Wasn't <a href="http
 Put aside your feelings about George W. Bush and his administration (hard, I know, but try) and just sit back and marvel at what Oliver Stone and his stellar all-star cast have been able to achieve here.  Despite an anti-Bush sentiment, Stone has produced a surprisingly compassionate portrait of our 43rd President, focusing on the central force driving him--the strained and prickly relationship between the ne'er do well son and his remote, super-competent father.  Stone theorizes that the younger Bush was driven to the White House in a quixotic quest to prove to his father that he could, finally, make good.  Considering that W.'s Presidency has ruined the political influence of the Bush dynasty for generations to come, it only highlights the inherent pathos of the man who, even after ascending to the highest office any human being can hold, still labors in the paternal shadow, and worse--in the shadow of international scorn.  The non-linear narrative begins during an Oval Office meeting to craft the "Axis of Evil speech, and thereafter jumps back and forth between events of Bush's early life as a Yale frat pledge, party boy, job slacker, failed businessman  and drunk to events of his first term leading up to the 2003 Iraqi invasion.  Closed-door conversations are dramatically recreated, but otherwise the plot follows well-documented sources.  The episodic, almost picaresque plot is not the reason to watch, however.  That would be Josh Brolin's centerpiece performance  as W.  He does not so much imitate as channel George W. Bush--though the facial resemblance is slight, the squint, the cowboy swagger, and most importantly, the vocal mannerisms are all there.  I challenge anyone watching this doppelganger of W. to not at times, if only for a minute, forget you are watching an actor and not the genuine article onscreen.  Following last year's career-resurrecting turn in "No Country for Old Men", Josh Brolin (whose rocky early career and dynastic connections mirror his subject's own) emerges as an American acting powerhouse, to be misunderestimated as a pretty-boy lightweight no more.  As W., the younger Brolin follows in his father's footsteps by portraying a past Republican President.  (James Brolin played Ronald Reagan in the HBO movie "The Reagans".) Had the younger Brolin's subject not been so deeply, brutally unpopular, he might have received a very deserved Oscar for his work here.  Brolin receives support from an all-around excellent cast who embody various figures from the Bush family and W.'s Cabinet.  Much has been made of Richard Dreyfuss' curmudgeonly turn as skew-jawed, power-hungry Dick Cheney (who W. called "Vice"), and he is very good, indeed.  But the real scene-stealer here is James Cromwell as the patrician patriarch, G. H. W. Bush, who gets off the best lines of the movie as he's remonstrating with Junior about the integrity of the Bush family name.  Also deserving of a singular mention is Thandie Newton as Secretary of State Condolezza Rice, who undergoes a total, vaguely creepy metamorphosis to play Bush's #1 yes-woman.  The diminuative Newton nails Rice's hairstyle, posture, facial expressions, and nasally inflections to an eerie degree,  but lacks the elegance of the statuesque Rice, and subsequently the screen presence to make her Rice more than a rather cruel caricature.  Still, it's amazing to see this tiny British thespian transform herself into a completely different woman with the aid of some pretty fantastic makeup effects.  The rest of the cast hardly puts a foot wrong in their respective roles.  Bravura turns all around.  At the end of this journey with Stone and Co., you may still be infuriated about the Bush years, but hopefully you will gain at least a little more illumination about the flawed yet driven individual at the center of it all.  Regardless of your political affiliations or your opinion of previous Stone movies, I call this one a don't-miss for the performances alone.
 "W. is a look at the 43rd President of the United States (Brolin), and is told in a non-linear fashion.  The main story takes place from about 2002 onward, while flashing back to key points in Bush's past, including his time at Yale, meeting Laura (Banks), working for his father (Cromwell), and his decision to run for governor of Texas.  In the "present", Bush is dealing with the Iraq war and its ramifications.  "W. is an odd film that sometimes tries to be a serious drama, and other times branches off into satire territory.  It is interesting, looking at Bush's "daddy issues and their motivation for the man he becomes.  But then, performances like Newton's Condoleezza Rice are downright campy and take away from the overall effect of the film.  Also, dream sequences undermine the factual elements of the film, since it is unlikely that President Bush had any input into this film.  Brolin's performance is solid enough to make this worth seeing.  Bush does not really come off that bad, the same cannot be said for Cheney.  Liberals will think it doesn't go far enough, conservatives will think it went to far, and those in the middle will probably find it the most interesting.  Any way you look at it, "W. will have you talking.
 Talk about bait and switch... and I'm glad for the foolery.  I'm a strong Texas Liberal and planned on two hours of laugh out loud enjoyment at our native son's expense.  But I got so much more.  Oliver Stone ignored the 2000 election and 9/11, to focus on Bush as a real person.  I have met President Bush on several occasions and I can say, despite being part of the Republican machine he is a most likeable guy.  Stone must have known this as well.  You may enter the theater a Bush critic, but you will leave an empathizing Bush critic.  Elizabeth Banks was soft and believable as Laura Bush.  She seemed like the type of person someone like Bush would be pulled to and depend on.  I was afraid she would be portrayed as a caricature of herself
 I must disagree, I love any and all b/w programs or movies in the now beautiful colorization process. I only wish Superman, Honeymooners & I Love Lucy were in color. To the blind closed minded ones who refuse to accept the current facts, it's not your father's colorized movies anymore. Today the coloring process has advanced to the point where each and every item in the picture is assigned a separate and accurate color. Have you seen the beautiful job done on the Sherlock Holmes movies, Woman In Green, Terror By Night, Secret Weapon and Dressed To Kill? Excellent, fantastic, you couldn't ask for a more beautiful picture. Not one false note in the frame, great. The colorizing being done today is truly advanced and wonderful looking. I'll choose my beautiful colorized "Casablanca anytime over the dull drab b/w world of the standard issue b/w image. I even bought 3 copies of the Colorized Casablanca, it was such the dream come true.  Films and TV shows were shot in b/w in the old days because it was the most economical way to shoot. It was "the standard of the day, just as color is the standard of today. They didn't shoot in b/w because they wanted to show the beauty of a b/w picture anymore than movies today are shot in color simply because they want to exhibit the wonders of color. It was the standard, NOT an artistic hoity toity vision of b/w pureness. To the folks who only want b/w, fine enjoy, BUT PLEASE DO NOT TAKE AWAY THE PLEASUE OF COLOR FROM THE REST OF US. You may pretend to like b/w over color all you want, but if you could get off your high prentious horse for just a politically incorrect moment you would have to admit color is a natural way and a more interesting way to look at an image in monochrome. If b/w was as highly attractive as you pretend, then why is it that ALL b/w movies sold on DVD or VHS always have a color picture on the front to represent the movie it contains? Why not be honest and put on a typical b/w drab uninteresting picture of the b/w movie on the cover of the DVD? Why not use a b/w cover picture? Because no one would buy it, b/w is not attractive, it implys old, has been and out of date. A color image is of today, of the present, and does not look like an ancient relic of the past. I love watching Laurel & Hardy in color. I have all of their talkie shorts and Roach movies in color and it's just like watching a new video, not an ancient relic of a by-gone day. Color makes Laurel & Hardy seem of the present and happening now. It's a wonderful thing. Go to this Amason website below and see for yourself the beauty of a newly colorized movie. This is a great listing of all the beautiful colorized movies made today. I've bought just about every one of them, and I've not been disappointed yet.  And to all the spoil-sports who refuse everyone the freedom to choose for themselves, color or b/w, the back of my hand to you.  These discs even contain BOTH versions, the dull, drab, boring b/w and the beautiful wonderfully illustrious colorful artful masterpiece of the lovely colorized version.  So you elitist snobs can still put on your blinders and continue to pretend to only liking b/w and buy this disc, because the b/w version is there in addition to the perfect color version.  But I'm not believing the politically correct crowd for one minute, for all their false indignation, I just know they are secretly basking in the glorious color version, while of course, denying ever watching it.  You just know, given the choice, anyone with any taste at all will naturally choose to watch the color version, who wants to see a ugly b/w picture when a wonderful color one is right there beside it.  I LOVE COLORIZATION and love even more calling the bluffs of all the so-called members of the good-taste society who PRETEND not to like colorization, but watch hungily any and all color movies, as well they should.  Too bad they just can't admit colorization's superiortiy over the sleep-inducing b/w image.  Buy this & all colorized movies, you won't be disappointed, they look great today.  Colorization has come a long long way from when it first started.  BRAVOISIMO, more colorized movies please, I can't wait to buty the next one!  The perfect world?  When all b/w movies and tv shows are colorized, then we'll have paradise.
 THE MARK OF ZORRO is a better interesting book. Zorro is always fighting for the peoples rights. HE is in love with this woman MS. Lolita. But in order to get her love he needs to fight and for her love. I do recommender but it needs more details.
 This is arguably the best film version of Johnston McCulley's costumed swordfighter of old California, beating out both the 1920s Douglas Fairbanks film and the recent Banderas/Hopkins blockbuster (although both are good films in their own rights).  What this film has is Golden Age Hollywood style in spades
 First, I'll agree with all the other posters on the quality of the story and acting. Swashbuckling, action fun in a way that simply doesn't get made anymore. If you enjoyed Adventures of Robin Hood with Errol Flynn, you'll like this one too - two of the actors from Robin Hood even appear in Zorro in almost identical roles.  So, now to the annoying feature that lost this particular version a star
 This edition has been wonderfully restored, though I refused to watch the colorized verison.  The movie itself sets the tone for so many other Zorro movies and Power does a great job switching between the two personnas.  Of course, the highlight of the film is the sword fight between Power and Rathbone---Both were highly trained in fencing and it shows in the scene---no stuntmen and no long shots.  It will spoil you for such battles in other films, where all they did was speed up the film.  Extras---there was an edition of Biography, on Tyrone Power, but that was about it.  Sadly, few DVD manufacturers bother to actually spend any time with interviews or the like.  Otherwise, well worth adding to your library.
 Tyrone Power - the swashbuckling answer to Errol Flynn - is cast as the agile masked avenger who decides to take up the people's cause in disguise leaving his 'mark' "Z everywhere, on walls, coach, wooden barrels and human chest...  Power - in a double leading role - is at his best as Zorro, climbing, jumping, riding and fencing, determined to finish with tyranny and oppression by terrorizing, and retrieving taxation funds and by challenging a cunning officer, proving in public his indifference, his ostentation and irony as a perfect pacifist fop in 19th-Century Spanish California, confusing and deceiving his aristocratic father Don Alejandro Vega (Montagu Love), the deposed Alcalde...  The inspired casting (in supporting roles) recalls "The Adventures of Robin Hood.  Linda Darnell is the pretty Lolita, Quintero's charming niece, who loves the mysterious hero and can't tolerate the fop until she is told that they are the image of the same person...  Basil Rathbone, one of the most durable of screen villains who has mastered stage fencing but never won a Swordfight, plays the cruel captain Esteban Pasquale, the Alcalde's military adviser... He is a second-rate soldier of fortune who leads the campaign of frustrating taxation, who considered Diego "a fancy clown but who suggests a practical plan, an alliance for the good of the state...  J. Edward Bromberg is the cowardly Alcalde, Don Luis Quintero, a corrupted thief, enemy of the people, whose tyranny and avarice are always enforced by the treachery of his iron hand, the rigorous captain Esteban...  Eugene Palette plays the mission 'fat' priest (Father Felipe) who ignores that Diego is the opposing force...  The high point of the picture is the fantastic duel between Power and Rathbone, a masterpiece of screen Swordplay...  Rouben Mamoulian succeeds in making two great stars dance to an unheard music... With a touch of a great filmmaker, Mamoulian mixes harmoniously movement and action, decor and lightning with rage and turmoil, heroism and romance...  Under Alfred Newman's Oscar-Nominated score and despite the unusual absence of Technicolor, the film (the first of the great Tyrone Power swashbucklers ) is great fun, full of vitality and suspense, an exciting, deliciously ironic swashbuckler...
 Upon returning to California from military training in Spain, Don Diego Vega (Tyrone Power) is shocked to see the wretched condition of the peasants and assumes the guise of Zorro to strike terror into the heart of the greedy alcalde (J. Edward Bromberg) who has usurped the position of Don Diego's own father (Montagu Love).  This is Hollywood swashbuckling at its finest.  Power is excellent not only as the dashing, heroic Zorro, but also very amusing when he puts on foppish airs to make everyone believe that Don Diego is an insignificant dandy.  Basil Rathbone makes a strong impression as the alcalde's chief henchman.  His swordfight with Power is a highlight of this exciting film.
 I had this in black and white. The color version looks like it was filmed in color. This makes the film more enjoyable. When an older movie can be colorized properly I'm satisfied! The early days of colorization were mostly a miss. Glad to see that they are so good that it appears to have been made in color.
 exclaims Basil Rathbone when he gets a peek into all the loot that's in the coffers he's stealing from Father Eugene Pallette. But of course what he doesn't know is that it was all just put in there by Zorro aka Tyrone Power. "The Mark of Zorro is a very entertaining romp in old California, when the Spanish nobles still had a lot of sway. Basil Rathbone is simply wonderful as the fencing master who takes an instant dislike to Diego, Tyrone Power's true identity. That's because Gale Sondergaard, heretofore Rathbone's mistress, is now casting glances at Power, who is pretending to be something of a sissy. This is disgusting to senorita Linda Darnell, who respects a Real Hombre, like Zorro. Power is drawn to her, not Sondergaard, but romance has to take a second seat to righting some wrongs. Really great duelling scenes, and some pretty advanced dialogue about an analogy between fruit and Diego make for a picture worth seeing.
 +++++  (Note that this review is for the DVD distributed by Fox Home Entertainment and released in March 2004)  This movie, based on the story "The Curse of Capistrano, is about the son of a Californian nobleman (Tyrone Power) coming home in the 1820s from Madrid, Spain to find his father's land (the father is played by Montague Love) under a villainous dictatorship (the dictator is played by J.E. Bromberg with his assistant being played by Basil Rathbone).  On the one hand he plays the foolish, vain aristocrat, while on the other he's the masked avenger Zorro (Tyrone Power again).  He, as the disguised Zorro, works to restore his father to power and return tax money stolen by the dictator.  As if this is not enough, he even finds time to romance the ruling tyrant's niece (Linda Darnell).  This movie reminded me of "The Adventures of Robin Hood but without Errol Flynn and the lush, colorful background of Sherwood Forest.  Not only is the storyline (as described above) similar but there are even some of the same actors.  I've already mentioned Basil Rathbone (perhaps most famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes") who again plays a similar role as a villain but there's also Eugene Pallette who also plays a similar but expanded role as a friar.  As in "Robin Hood", there is a thrilling sword duel between our hero (but in his nobleman duds) and the tyrant's assistant.  (Note that this duel is not as thrilling as the one in "Robin Hood.")  I found both the cinematography and the musical score quite well done.  The acting especially by Tyrone Power is very good.  I felt that Tyrone Power did not appear often enough as Zorro.  This movie is sometimes slow and lacks energy in places.  I also found that the black and white gave the movie an unintentional claustrophobic feeling.  Finally, the transfer to DVD could have been better but I found it acceptable.  There are two extras on this DVD that I found interesting.  In conclusion, an exciting classic has been restored to DVD.  Be sure to see this movie and learn the true story of Zorro!!  (1940;  95 min;  black and white;  closed-captioned)  +++++
 THE MARK OF ZORRO is a movie that should have been filmed in Technicolor in the first place. Then there's the seemingly national prejudice against colorization, spawned, no doubt, by the awful early efforts. However, like  most innovations, early efforts are crude and can improve only by trial  and error.  "Artistic censors saw early on that they must stop this evil - and they did. "We must preserve the black and white originals"...apparently these  idiots did not know that only a tape of the film was colorized; the original negative was never touched. Technicolor was used infrequently because it cost triple the money of a black and white film. Money, not aesthetics controlled this aspect of movie-making.  At last, Twentieth Century Fox is correcting some of their past decisions  by colorizing THE MARK OF ZORRO, and a fine job it is. Color lightens the  mood of this costume epic, and gives a warmth to the fine cast. They have  also done a great job of colorizing MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET. (At last, the Thanksgiving Day Parade looks festive.)  "Purists rejoice! The black and white original can be seen on the same DVD. However, I'll bet you never watch it once you've seen it in color!
 All we need is the rest of it on DVD!   If you think it is merely 'fluff', take a look at the director's commentary!
 While the debate will continue to rage regarding the choice to CGI the Hulk in Ang Lee's 2003 movie, there will be no argument about the Incredible Hulk TV series that many people grew up with.  Lou Ferrigno, a 330-plus pound behemoth, was so huge in contrast to Bill Bixby's Bruce Banner that the Hulk effect was completely believable, and should still be to this day. The TV series wasn't completely ridiculous or fantastic either; the focus managed to stay on Banner/Hulk as an individual in the world, not as an experiment gone wrong. Banner's loner self is portrayed excellently--he often hitchhikes places or shows jump in mid-sequence with him by himself, just waiting to get picked on.  For a 70's effort, the producers managed to pull off some decent and subtle effects as well--before Banner gets  angry  his pupils famously turn a different color, almost a whitish green; his feet expand and rip his shoes apart; and the shirt rips (bicep, back, chest) are all done well enough to make you think he's actually expanding and not just Lou Ferrigno flexing in an undersized shirt. It's not just the superhuman aspect that will draw you in, it's also the emotional side, which this series plays off incredibly well. This television premiere is certainly a must for all fans, but the new entire season DVD set should be factored in when buying this.
 Based on the comic book character created by Marvel's maestro Stan Lee, the pilot episode of The Incredible Hulk recounts how scientist David Bruce Banner, exposes himself to an ultrahigh dose of gamma radiation, which then causes him to transform into a huge green skinned creature, known as the Hulk.  The adaptation incorporates very little from the comic mythology, as Banner searches for some way to return to a normal life.  Veteran actor Bill Bixby (My Favorite Martian, The Courtship of Eddie's Father) plays David Banner, a man with his insides torn apart with frustration, stemming from his inability to save his wife's life, during a tragic car accident.  Banner works at the Culver Institute with his long time colleague, Dr. Elaina Harding (Susan Sullivan).  Coincidentally they are involved in research on how humans are able to perform superhuman acts of strength, in times of stress.  Discovering that gamma radiation may be the cause of great strength in a crisis, Banner exposes himself to an ultra high dosage.  However instead of acquiring super strength, Banner finds that when he gets angry, he transforms into a green skinned muscular giant that comes to be known as "the Hulk".  Portrayed by body builder Lou Ferrigno, the Hulk is extremely powerful and destructive, but not too bright.  Banner has no memory of what happens while he is the Hulk.  He confides in Elaina, who helps find out what has happened to him.  A key character in the series, investigative reporter Jack McGee (Jack Colvin) is introduced, setting in place the basic elements for a series that would run for five seasons.  Multitalented writer, director, and producer, Kenneth Johnson had already had great success with his creations The Six Million Dollar Man (1974-78), and The Bionic Woman (1976-78), when he was approached about bringing a character from the Marvel Universe to television.  Johnson saw potential in the Incredible Hulk, and he cleverly found a way to adapt the character, and scale down his violent capabilities for series television.  The thought process behind the genesis of the series, is discussed in detail by Johnson in a commentary track recorded in 2003.  Johnson has a remarkable memory, and his remarks are extremely insightful and detailed.  Referring to him as "Bix", Johnson's affection and respect for the late Bill Bixby (1934-1993) is evident.  Johnson wrote the screenplay specifically with Bixby in mind, and the actor is absolutely perfect for the role, bringing great vulnerability, humility, and dignity, to David Banner, who tragically is responsible for his own predicament.  Susan Sullivan (Falcon Crest, Castle) is so much more than a pretty face, and gives a wonderfully warm performance, that helps to reveal Banner's character.  Jack Colvin is also very good as the pesky reporter, who like a bad rash, just won't go away.  Bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno was primarily selected for his physical abilities, but still manages to display some decent acting skills, conveying much through his facial expressions.  Having lost his hearing as a child, affected Ferrigno's speech, and limited his ability to deliver lines.  The Hulk mostly growls, with his voice provided by Ted Cassidy.  Ferrigno endures heavy application of green makeup, and some wild haircuts.  The same slow motion techniques utilized in The Six Million Dollar Man, are also employed in The Incredible Hulk.  The technique is somewhat effective, though would perhaps become overused.  The pilot has some ridiculous moments, topped by David and Elaina attempting to recreate the situation when the transformation first took place.  Locked in a hyperbaric chamber in a secluded lab, Banner loosens a water line to simulate rain, and then generates electrical arcs to simulate lightning.  Elaina witnesses Banner's transformation and destruction of the chamber, and David learns the shocking truth.  Thanks to the troublesome McGee, the lab accidentally blows up.  The Hulk appears to rescue Elaina from the flames, but Banner tragically loses his best friend, and is presumed dead.  With the Hulk wanted for murder, the stage is set for David Banner to wander from place to place, like Richard Kimble in The Fugitive (1963-67).  Using false names, he tries to keep a low profile and avoid trouble, but somehow always seems to find it, inevitably leading to the appearance of the Hulk.  Trailing the green skinned giant across the country is McGee, who Banner tries very hard to avoid.  This becomes a familiar formula that is repeated through over eighty episodes, from 1977 through 1982.  Despite some minor shortcomings, the pilot episode sets up the series nicely, and features wonderful performances by Bill Bixby and Susan Sullivan.  Image quality is good, but a little hazy at times.  The episode has subtitles, and Kenneth's Johnson's commentary is not to be missed.
 I watched a lot of episodes of the Incredible Hulk. Although I might not care for a lot of them now, there were a lot of good episodes. Even in the last 10 years with the new releases of Hulk movies, they just aren't the same without Bill Bixby playing David Banner. I wouldn't even say this was the best episode, but because it was the original premiere and explained how the Hulk came to be, it will always be a classic and a must have for any Hulk fan.
 Unlike the modern Hulk movies, the director of the live-action television series didn't have high tech special effects at his disposal.  This may have contributed to the fact that this series was about the characters interacting with one another instead of being about violence and special effects.  When I was a kid, I didn't enjoy this series much because I had to wait too long to see the Hulk in action.  However, as an adult, I appreciate the fact that Bill Bixby was a great actor and the science fiction aspect of the story was ahead of its time.  Your kids might not sit through this pilot, but the adults in the room will be entertained by the well-written script and superb acting and directing.
  Within each of us, oftimes; there dwells a mighty and raging fury . Thanks to the success of the HULK movie, the premiere of the original TV series has been released to DVD. Personally, I like the TV show better. I hadn't seen it since I was a little kid, and was surprised to find I enjoyed this DVD a lot. The first episode on this is the series 1  pilot. As all fans of the show know, Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner; who is haunted by nightmares about the death of his wife Laura in a car accident after a tyre blows out and the car goes off the road. Banner escapes but is unable free Laura before the car explodes. Later, Banner is conducting research for an experiment on superhuman strength. Interviewed is a woman recounting how she saved her son from burning to death in a car accident that is startlingly similar to Banner's own experience. After hearing more testimony, Banner seems to be the only one who has failed. Guilt and anxiety lead him to go one step further and become a guinea pig for his testing. He discovers that the source of this strength is gamma radiation, so he subjects himself to a course of it, but has no results. So he tries again- only this time exposing himself to seven times the amount. Nothing happens. At least... not immediately. Matters come to a head when Banner, frustrated at his lack of progress is driving home in a thunderstorm and has to change a flat tyre in the rain; this combined stress leads to his first  Hulk-out ... More intelligent than most TV movies, the pilot also has a memorable sequene paying homage to the drowning scene in James Whale's FRANKENSTEIN, where the Hulk tries to save a little girl from drowning but her screams alert her father who tries to shoot the hulk. Naturally the bullets just bounce off. Special mention must be made of the wig Lou Ferrigno wears- he looks like he should have a golf tee tacked into the top of his head. Also of note
 I have been patiently waiting for nearly a year for them to pay some homage and props to the tv show (to coincide with the movie in Jun).  I grew up being scared out of my wits as a kid of the Hulk when I regularly watched the show and the reruns that came on (which is were I saw a majority of the episodes). I am glad they are planning on releasing the pilot and a reg two parter episode on DVD.  I can't wait to get this DVD and I do hope they plan on putting some future episodes on DVD or perhaps putting Season 1 or Season 2 on a future DVD release.
 With the upcoming theatrical release of "The Incredible Hulk", it's obvious that Universal is trying to cash in on the popularity of the big green guy by reissuing the pilot from the Bill Bixby/Lou Ferrigno show. Taking its inspiration not only from the Marvel comic but the 60's classic "The Fugitive", the show ran from five seasons, from 1978 - 1982, with two pilot films initially in 1977 and three subsequent "reunion films from 1988 - 1990.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner, a scientist searching for understanding to the workings of the adrenaline gland and man's hidden inner strength that seems to arise in times of stress. During a "dark and stormy night", the doctor exposes himself to massive doses of gamma radiation with little effect...or so he thinks. Later that evening, while driving from the laboratory, Banner's car has a flat tire. Enraged at having to change in the torrential downpour, Banner's anger gets the best of him and he ERUPTS into our friendly "jolly green giant", played by AH-nold's one time competition, Lou Ferrigno. The remainder of the movie finds Banner trying to better understand his condition while eluding the hounding from an investigative reporter (Jack Colvin) intent on discovery the identity of the "monster and the connection with Banner. Also appearing is Susan Sullivan, fresh from the soap opera "Another World and before she traveled to wine country in primetime's "Falcon Crest". Joe Yarnell provides the subtle yet effective score, heavy with a very poignant piano.  Kenneth Johnson, who would later score big with the miniseries "V", is the director, and makes a fanciful tale quite believable.
 All we need is the rest of it on DVD!   If you think it is merely 'fluff', take a look at the director's commentary!
 While the debate will continue to rage regarding the choice to CGI the Hulk in Ang Lee's 2003 movie, there will be no argument about the Incredible Hulk TV series that many people grew up with.  Lou Ferrigno, a 330-plus pound behemoth, was so huge in contrast to Bill Bixby's Bruce Banner that the Hulk effect was completely believable, and should still be to this day. The TV series wasn't completely ridiculous or fantastic either; the focus managed to stay on Banner/Hulk as an individual in the world, not as an experiment gone wrong. Banner's loner self is portrayed excellently--he often hitchhikes places or shows jump in mid-sequence with him by himself, just waiting to get picked on.  For a 70's effort, the producers managed to pull off some decent and subtle effects as well--before Banner gets  angry  his pupils famously turn a different color, almost a whitish green; his feet expand and rip his shoes apart; and the shirt rips (bicep, back, chest) are all done well enough to make you think he's actually expanding and not just Lou Ferrigno flexing in an undersized shirt. It's not just the superhuman aspect that will draw you in, it's also the emotional side, which this series plays off incredibly well. This television premiere is certainly a must for all fans, but the new entire season DVD set should be factored in when buying this.
 Based on the comic book character created by Marvel's maestro Stan Lee, the pilot episode of The Incredible Hulk recounts how scientist David Bruce Banner, exposes himself to an ultrahigh dose of gamma radiation, which then causes him to transform into a huge green skinned creature, known as the Hulk.  The adaptation incorporates very little from the comic mythology, as Banner searches for some way to return to a normal life.  Veteran actor Bill Bixby (My Favorite Martian, The Courtship of Eddie's Father) plays David Banner, a man with his insides torn apart with frustration, stemming from his inability to save his wife's life, during a tragic car accident.  Banner works at the Culver Institute with his long time colleague, Dr. Elaina Harding (Susan Sullivan).  Coincidentally they are involved in research on how humans are able to perform superhuman acts of strength, in times of stress.  Discovering that gamma radiation may be the cause of great strength in a crisis, Banner exposes himself to an ultra high dosage.  However instead of acquiring super strength, Banner finds that when he gets angry, he transforms into a green skinned muscular giant that comes to be known as "the Hulk".  Portrayed by body builder Lou Ferrigno, the Hulk is extremely powerful and destructive, but not too bright.  Banner has no memory of what happens while he is the Hulk.  He confides in Elaina, who helps find out what has happened to him.  A key character in the series, investigative reporter Jack McGee (Jack Colvin) is introduced, setting in place the basic elements for a series that would run for five seasons.  Multitalented writer, director, and producer, Kenneth Johnson had already had great success with his creations The Six Million Dollar Man (1974-78), and The Bionic Woman (1976-78), when he was approached about bringing a character from the Marvel Universe to television.  Johnson saw potential in the Incredible Hulk, and he cleverly found a way to adapt the character, and scale down his violent capabilities for series television.  The thought process behind the genesis of the series, is discussed in detail by Johnson in a commentary track recorded in 2003.  Johnson has a remarkable memory, and his remarks are extremely insightful and detailed.  Referring to him as "Bix", Johnson's affection and respect for the late Bill Bixby (1934-1993) is evident.  Johnson wrote the screenplay specifically with Bixby in mind, and the actor is absolutely perfect for the role, bringing great vulnerability, humility, and dignity, to David Banner, who tragically is responsible for his own predicament.  Susan Sullivan (Falcon Crest, Castle) is so much more than a pretty face, and gives a wonderfully warm performance, that helps to reveal Banner's character.  Jack Colvin is also very good as the pesky reporter, who like a bad rash, just won't go away.  Bodybuilder Lou Ferrigno was primarily selected for his physical abilities, but still manages to display some decent acting skills, conveying much through his facial expressions.  Having lost his hearing as a child, affected Ferrigno's speech, and limited his ability to deliver lines.  The Hulk mostly growls, with his voice provided by Ted Cassidy.  Ferrigno endures heavy application of green makeup, and some wild haircuts.  The same slow motion techniques utilized in The Six Million Dollar Man, are also employed in The Incredible Hulk.  The technique is somewhat effective, though would perhaps become overused.  The pilot has some ridiculous moments, topped by David and Elaina attempting to recreate the situation when the transformation first took place.  Locked in a hyperbaric chamber in a secluded lab, Banner loosens a water line to simulate rain, and then generates electrical arcs to simulate lightning.  Elaina witnesses Banner's transformation and destruction of the chamber, and David learns the shocking truth.  Thanks to the troublesome McGee, the lab accidentally blows up.  The Hulk appears to rescue Elaina from the flames, but Banner tragically loses his best friend, and is presumed dead.  With the Hulk wanted for murder, the stage is set for David Banner to wander from place to place, like Richard Kimble in The Fugitive (1963-67).  Using false names, he tries to keep a low profile and avoid trouble, but somehow always seems to find it, inevitably leading to the appearance of the Hulk.  Trailing the green skinned giant across the country is McGee, who Banner tries very hard to avoid.  This becomes a familiar formula that is repeated through over eighty episodes, from 1977 through 1982.  Despite some minor shortcomings, the pilot episode sets up the series nicely, and features wonderful performances by Bill Bixby and Susan Sullivan.  Image quality is good, but a little hazy at times.  The episode has subtitles, and Kenneth's Johnson's commentary is not to be missed.
 I watched a lot of episodes of the Incredible Hulk. Although I might not care for a lot of them now, there were a lot of good episodes. Even in the last 10 years with the new releases of Hulk movies, they just aren't the same without Bill Bixby playing David Banner. I wouldn't even say this was the best episode, but because it was the original premiere and explained how the Hulk came to be, it will always be a classic and a must have for any Hulk fan.
 Unlike the modern Hulk movies, the director of the live-action television series didn't have high tech special effects at his disposal.  This may have contributed to the fact that this series was about the characters interacting with one another instead of being about violence and special effects.  When I was a kid, I didn't enjoy this series much because I had to wait too long to see the Hulk in action.  However, as an adult, I appreciate the fact that Bill Bixby was a great actor and the science fiction aspect of the story was ahead of its time.  Your kids might not sit through this pilot, but the adults in the room will be entertained by the well-written script and superb acting and directing.
  Within each of us, oftimes; there dwells a mighty and raging fury . Thanks to the success of the HULK movie, the premiere of the original TV series has been released to DVD. Personally, I like the TV show better. I hadn't seen it since I was a little kid, and was surprised to find I enjoyed this DVD a lot. The first episode on this is the series 1  pilot. As all fans of the show know, Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner; who is haunted by nightmares about the death of his wife Laura in a car accident after a tyre blows out and the car goes off the road. Banner escapes but is unable free Laura before the car explodes. Later, Banner is conducting research for an experiment on superhuman strength. Interviewed is a woman recounting how she saved her son from burning to death in a car accident that is startlingly similar to Banner's own experience. After hearing more testimony, Banner seems to be the only one who has failed. Guilt and anxiety lead him to go one step further and become a guinea pig for his testing. He discovers that the source of this strength is gamma radiation, so he subjects himself to a course of it, but has no results. So he tries again- only this time exposing himself to seven times the amount. Nothing happens. At least... not immediately. Matters come to a head when Banner, frustrated at his lack of progress is driving home in a thunderstorm and has to change a flat tyre in the rain; this combined stress leads to his first  Hulk-out ... More intelligent than most TV movies, the pilot also has a memorable sequene paying homage to the drowning scene in James Whale's FRANKENSTEIN, where the Hulk tries to save a little girl from drowning but her screams alert her father who tries to shoot the hulk. Naturally the bullets just bounce off. Special mention must be made of the wig Lou Ferrigno wears- he looks like he should have a golf tee tacked into the top of his head. Also of note
 I have been patiently waiting for nearly a year for them to pay some homage and props to the tv show (to coincide with the movie in Jun).  I grew up being scared out of my wits as a kid of the Hulk when I regularly watched the show and the reruns that came on (which is were I saw a majority of the episodes). I am glad they are planning on releasing the pilot and a reg two parter episode on DVD.  I can't wait to get this DVD and I do hope they plan on putting some future episodes on DVD or perhaps putting Season 1 or Season 2 on a future DVD release.
 With the upcoming theatrical release of "The Incredible Hulk", it's obvious that Universal is trying to cash in on the popularity of the big green guy by reissuing the pilot from the Bill Bixby/Lou Ferrigno show. Taking its inspiration not only from the Marvel comic but the 60's classic "The Fugitive", the show ran from five seasons, from 1978 - 1982, with two pilot films initially in 1977 and three subsequent "reunion films from 1988 - 1990.  Bill Bixby plays Dr. David Banner, a scientist searching for understanding to the workings of the adrenaline gland and man's hidden inner strength that seems to arise in times of stress. During a "dark and stormy night", the doctor exposes himself to massive doses of gamma radiation with little effect...or so he thinks. Later that evening, while driving from the laboratory, Banner's car has a flat tire. Enraged at having to change in the torrential downpour, Banner's anger gets the best of him and he ERUPTS into our friendly "jolly green giant", played by AH-nold's one time competition, Lou Ferrigno. The remainder of the movie finds Banner trying to better understand his condition while eluding the hounding from an investigative reporter (Jack Colvin) intent on discovery the identity of the "monster and the connection with Banner. Also appearing is Susan Sullivan, fresh from the soap opera "Another World and before she traveled to wine country in primetime's "Falcon Crest". Joe Yarnell provides the subtle yet effective score, heavy with a very poignant piano.  Kenneth Johnson, who would later score big with the miniseries "V", is the director, and makes a fanciful tale quite believable.
 Von Ryan's Express belongs to the dying days of WW2-as-Boys-Own-adventure movies, where, for all the cynical window-dressing, the good guys can always outwit overwhelming numbers of Nazis and death is still heroic. It's also much more entertaining than it has any right to be as Frank Sinatra's unpopular new senior officer leads several hundred prisoners of war to freedom by hijacking a Nazi train and conning his way through Italy to Switzerland while Trevor Howard's old school British officer snipes at his bad form all the way and Edward Mulhare's loveable padre impersonates a German officer to get them past the checkpoints. Yep, it's The Great Escape meets The Train, with Great Escaper John Leyton along for the ride just in case anyone misses the connection. As big, not quite as dumb as it could be entertainment it certainly does the trick, throwing in an enjoyable if sparse Jerry Goldsmith score and a particularly memorable finale.  Sadly the new 2-DVD release really is hard to recommend for any but hardcore Jerry Goldsmith fans, the only notable extras being an isolated score track and a brief featurette on the composer. Aside from trailers and TV spots, the rest is made up with talking heads background featurettes with none of the films surviving participants contributing. Even worse is the fact that brief clips are used from a vintage behind the scenes short made during production, but the short itself is not included. It's fine for a first-time buy, but not really worth an upgrade if you already have the previous edition.
 This movie has all the elements of a good action movie. The outcome is uncertain. The bad guys are really bad. The hero (Frank Sinatra) is idealistic and optimistic, and suffers from bad-decision angst more than once. The movie starts in an Italian POW camp, commanded by a heartless Italian commander played by Adolfo Celi, who some may remember as Emilio Largo in the James Bond thriller "Thunderball". Colonel Joseph Ryan (Sinatra) is nicknamed "Von Ryan as he initially appears to be collaborating with their captors. Ryan is very optimistic and continually sees opportunity in every situation. Major Eric Fincham, played by Trevor Howard, is a pessimist, and sees disaster at every turn. Further, these two men are in conflict because Major Fincham was the ranking POW until Frank Sinatra was captured. As the Allies appear to be threatening the region, the Italians guarding the prison leave, and suddenly the POWs have a chance to escape. Their escape is short-lived as they are soon re-captured by Germans. The POWs are placed into boxcars for transport to Germany, with the exception of the wounded, who are executed by German soldiers prior to the train's departure. As the train travels to Germany, Ryan decides that there may be an opportunity for escape. Ryan leads the creation of a plan to eliminate the guards and take over the train, with the goal of eventually leaving the train to head for the coast and potential reunion with Allied forces. After taking over the train, the POWs first attempt to escape is thwarted when they find themselves in the middle of an Allied bombing mission. The POWs then develop an even more creative plan to escape to Switzerland. In their bid to escape the POWs must fight off the Luftwaffe and a Nazi-led troop train following close behind. The end of this movie will keep action war-movie fans on the edge of their seat until the credits roll. There are several events in this movie that give depth to Ryan's character. Several events occur within the prison camp, such as when Ryan leads the men in burning all their clothes in order to get better clothing. Another is when Ryan supercedes Fincham in dealing with the prison commander after departure of the guards. Ryan twice saves people and twice the outcome is tragic. The first time Fincham is extremely critical of Ryan. The second time Fincham is sympathetic, but Ryan is so angry with himself he refuses to listen. Ryan is generally optimistic and idealistic, which has often been a criticism of Americans by Europeans. On the other hand, Fincham is pessimistic and would consider himself to be a realist. These two approaches and views are compared throughout the movie, and ultimately the movie avoids answering the question as to whether one approach is better than the other. As the end of the movie approaches, it is clear that Ryan's faith in his optimism and idealism has been shaken. Similarly, Fincham has come to admire Ryan's optimism and idealism, and knows that the opportunity presented to the POWs was only as a result of Ryan's optimism. Ultimately, the movie suggests that perhaps the middle ground is the best. This movie is one of the better war movies from the 50s and 60s, and along with "The Great Escape", is one of the very best POW prison escape movies. Certainly portions of the movie are unrealistic. However, look past the fictionalized account of the escape, watch the adventure, and observe the conflict of ideologies. An enjoyable to watch and well-done movie.
 Sinatra is a cool American, whose P-38 is shot down over Italy in August 1943... The Allies were landing in Southern Italy, when Ryan is brought to an Italian prisoner of war camp...  Sensing that the end is underway, the Italians were trying to get out of the war, and the Nazis were trying to keep the Allies out and the Italians in...  A Fascist bully (Adolfo Celi) has ruled the POW camp, but with the collapse of Italian rule, he is thrown out...  The British prisoners - professional soldiers of the 9th Fusiliers, whose constant attempts to escape have led to half rations and the withholding of medicine - headed by a heated Major (Trevor Howard), are not in agreement with the unpopular pilot, Colonel Joseph Ryan... They think him insufficiently hostile to the Italians and have given an insulting 'von to his name, insisting that he is in the wrong army...  The British get along with Ryan, however, when the escape is engineered... They seize a German train, and, impersonating German troops even as they evade German pursuers, try to make a run for it to the Swiss border... The viewers can forget about realism from that moment on... 'Von Ryan's Express' is pure adventure and courts no moral dilemmas in its story...  Director Mark Robson tries to combine the suspense of 'The Great Escape' with the exciting action of 'The Guns of Navarone,' and he's successful enough... The pace is quick... The Italian locations are attractive... The confrontations with German troops are well handled...  Ryan is a pragmatic character not unlike the far more tragic Col. Nicholson in 'The Bridge on the River Kwai.' As a colonel master-minding commando raids, he brings the film to a great climax on an Alpine viaduct...  With the exception of a strange and shocking scene where a sexy escapee is gunned down in the back, ' Von Ryan's Express' gives us the necessary thrills to be pleased...
 A lot of effort went into this 1965 military war film classic.  Now you do not have to wait for the movie on American Movie Classics to see it in wide-screen.  This DVD version was released in Summer 2001.  Frank Sinatra, playing the part of a downed American pilot, leads hundreds of POWs on a dash for the Swiss frontier in this action packed movie.  Most of the action takes place on a hijacked Italian train, formerly commanded by the German military, as it winds its way ever deeper into enemy territory.  Trevor Howard and Edward Mulhare (Known best for his roles in American television shows such as The Ghost and Mrs. Muir, and Knight Rider)co-star.  Also, look for Wolfgang Preis reprising the role of a German officer for the un-teenth time in his long career (The Longest Day, Anzio, Raid on Rommel, A Bridge Too Far, Battle of the Commandos, The Train, Is Paris Burning?, Ike the War Years, etc.).  The story, either incidentally or accidentally, mirrors several actual events that took place at abandoned Italian POW camps after the armistice.  The Italian guards quit their posts and Allied prisoners awoke to find no one minding the camp. The Germans eventually moved in to establish authority, but in the few interim days there was a power vacuum.  Though the real life stories never involved stealing trains, there are dozens of stories of weakened and malnourished British and Commonwealth former POWs fleeing the approaching Germans.  The film has nonstop action, train chases, aerial attacks and scenic Italian locations.  According to an article by Wolfgang Preis, the interior train scenes were filmed in Hollywood.  Actor James Brolin, who was under contract to 20th Century Fox, makes yet another appearance in a FOX movie.  According to the unofficial Hogan's Heroes guide, the leather jacket (or jackets) worn by Frank Sinatra in the film were later worn by Bob Crane on HOGAN'S HEROES.  Action footage from VON RYAN'S EXPRESS has found its way into other films.  Most notably are scenes from the Messerschmitt attacks on the train.  In 1980 a television movie, THE SECRET WAR OF JACKIE'S GIRLS, featured the VON RYAN Messerschmitt footage poorly edited into scenes of a helicopter evading German aircraft.  Twentieth Century Fox was famous for recycling spectacular movie scenes into other theatrical and television films.  Remember how often attack scenes from TORA, TORA, TORA were found their way into movies like PEARL, MIDWAY, THE FINAL COUNTDOWN, and the televison remake of FROM HERE TO ETERNITY.  Battle scenes from Patton also found their way into FIREBALL FORWARD and IKE
 Frank Sinatra and Trevor Howard butt heads with each other while taking on the Nazis in this satisfying World War II film.  The first part of  Von Ryan's Express  takes place in an Italian Prisoner of War camp in 1943, when the Allies had invaded Southern Italy and Germany was trying to keep Italy in the war.  When Colonel Ryan (Sinatra) arrives at the camp he is the senior officer, although he is just a pilot and Major Fincham (Howard) is a career officer.  Ryan wants to just wait for the Allies to liberate the camp, while Fincham wants to escape.  When Ryan trades the prisoner's escape route for medical supplies, the English prisoners add the  von  to his name.  When the Italians abandon the camp, the prisoners escape into the country side only to be captured by the Nazis.  They then capture a German train and make a daring and exciting run for the Swiss border and freedom, believing that if only one of them escapes, it is a victory. Not as compelling as  The Great Escape,  this is still a very entertaining film.  The scene where Ryan forces the Italian commandant (Adolfo Celi) to provide new clothing because the prisoners have all stripped and thrown their rags into a fire is certainly memorable, as is the moment when Ryan guns down the young woman (Raffaella Carra) who has sold them out to the Germans.  Sergio Fantoni as the sympathetic Italian Captain Oriani and Edward Mulhare as the German-speaking Chaplain Costanzo have solid supporting roles.  Half the movie is taken up by the train chase, which goes through cities being bomb and along treacherous mountain tracks, but the heated exchanges between Ryan and Fincham are at the heart of this film.  Sinatra is remarkably comfortable with this role, which is ultimately what makes  Von Ryan's Express  work as much as the train chase.
 One of the best World War II action-adventure movies, Von Ryan's Express, is an exciting and suspense filled ride.  The movie follows the exploits of a group of Allied prisoners, liberated from an Italian POW camp, in their bid for freedom on a hijacked troop train. Frank Sinatra is Colonel Joseph Ryan, a pilot shot down over Italy in 1943, shortly before the fall of the country to the Allies.  Captured, he is placed in an Italian POW camp, where the Allied commanding officer has just died as a result of punishment inflicted by the camp's Commander (Aldolfo Celi).  As the highest ranking Allied officer, Ryan assumes command, much to the consternation of the ranking British officer (Trevor Howard).  Because Italy's collapse appears imminent, Ryan seeks to immediately improve the conditions for the men in camp, at the expense of preparations for escape.  For this perceived collaboration, he is christened "Von Ryan by his own side. When Italy falls, the prisoners find themselves unguarded as their Italian captors have disappeared.  The group ventures out into the countryside, but is soon recaptured, this time by Nazi forces, who ruthlessly execute the wounded prisoners.  The remaining men are put aboard a troop train for transport to a German run POW camp.  Led by Ryan, the Allied forces commandeer the train in a violent take over.  As the train proceeds north towards the Fatherland, the only Nazi left alive is Major Von Klemment (Wolfgang Preiss).  His lovely mistress, Gabriella (Rafella Cara) is also aboard.  The German language skills of the camp's chaplain (Edward Mulhare), are put to good use as he impersonates a Nazi officer allowing the train to continue on its escape route.   During a train stop, Von Klemment and Gabriella escape from the train, and Ryan winds up killing them both.  Was it really necessary that the "innocent Gabriella die, shot in the back?  The need to prevent her from telling the authorities about the escape was paramount, but running in a tight skirt, she could have been easily caught by Ryan had he just given chase, instead of exercising his itchy trigger finger.  Her death stains him further, and seems to serve as justification for his own fate. After this pivotal incident, the remainder of the movie is a race through the mountains to the Swiss border.  With the Allies beating back the pursuing Germans all along the way.  In the end you find yourself pulling hard for "Von Ryan", but it is just not to be. While the movie is very entertaining, it has been criticized for being totally unrealistic.  Real POW's have stated that they were much too weak and malnourished to engage in any activity even approaching what is shown in the movie.  Even viewed as pure fiction, this film is still very enjoyable.
 Von Ryan's Express is a compelling drama featuring the heroism and bravery of a motley crew of prisoners.  Not short on bravery Frank Sinatra and his men do their best to wreek havoc on the German war effort and get their freedom as well.  The action never stops and hopes remain high until the end when the main hero loses his life.  It is a reminder that many gave their lives in a noble effort to win the peace and preserve a way of life.  War is not a noble profession, but sometimes men can rise above with a little resolve and dignity.  The greatest generation of all time is represented well here.  One can only hope that lessons were learned in this war.  Some choose to forget them, but I never will.  I cherish my freedom and never forget those who died so I could live in peace.
 Von Ryan's Express is a fictitious gripping tale of brave men in a P.O.W. camp at the end of the war.  It takes place in Italy, and with Trevour Howard (the epitomy of the upper class English soldier)as co star, this one is a winner.  The twists and somewhat impossible actions that take place in this movie, love him or hate him, I believe this movie one of Sinatra's best, up there with "From Here to Eternity". Whilst the plot is to get all the P.O.W's out of Italy by taking over a train and getting it through the centre of Rome, some of the stunts used even this long ago, are spectacular.  If you like this type of underdog movie, where the good guys have to overcome all the obsticles to beat the bad guys then this is the movie for you. Even though it all happened over 60 years ago I believe we can still gain great enjoyment out of a tale like this. It keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to see what happens next.  Does it have a happy ending, mmm the twist is there right to the end so you will have to watch it to find out.
 Von Ryan's Express is one of Sinatra's best starring roles. Sinatra, notorious for only doing one or two takes per scene, turns in a fine performance. He hated doing more than a couple of takes because he felt it caused the "freshness of the scene becoming "stale". In Von Ryan's Express he got all of his scenes right.  Col. Ryan (Sinatra) is an American Army Air Corps pilot that is shot down over Italy near the end of the Italian Campaign. One of the earliest scenes sets the tone of the movie
 As the allies begin to push the nazi back toward Germany , U.S Combat pilot Col. Joseph Ryan ( Frank Sinatra 1915-1998 ) is shot down and placed in a prison camp . Initialy , he's more concerned with surviving than escaping , carning him the isulting nick name *Von Ryan* , But in time , Ryan takes over from the commanding British officer ( Trevor Howard 1918-1988) and masterminds a daredevil race for freedom that involves commandeering a train and getting it across Italy to Switzerland with the nazi in hot pursuit . Then it's a blazing action , hairraising chase and spetacular Italian scenary in this oscar nominated adventure that runs full speed until the nail-bitting finale . High Quality Transfer .
 Ok here goes! (I'll review the movie and this new issue of it later).  This release is part of 20th Century Fox's ongoing "CINEMA CLASSICS COLLECTION". Initially Fox's re-issues were called "STUDIO CLASSICS (as they still are here in the UK), but they've been superseded with these. The CCC series is American, Region 1-only and will require multi-region players to play the titles on.  In the UK, Fox's premier series is called CINEMA RESERVE (see my review of "The Day The Earth Stood Still for the full UK list). Again - I mention all of this because, if you type in "Cinema Reserve or "Cinema Classics Collection into the Amazon database on either side of the pond - you don't get any real info on either series! (Fox's site has info - but not the Amazon database). Having just received 2 CCC titles in the post (Von Ryan's Express and Fantastic Voyage) and having enjoyed them so much and loved their shiny new transfers, I feel sure other movie buffs will want to know what's available/forthcoming.  The CINEMA CLASSICS COLLECTION series houses most of their titles in card wrap covers clearly marked as such at the top of the box. The artwork usually reflects the original poster art of the movie (the Studio Classics series tended to reflect the old video covers of the 70's & 80's). The DVD inside has the same artwork in its jewel case. The card wrap is a nice touch and lends the issue a classy feel. Some of the titles are 2DVD sets, all are restored transfers in one way or another - many exemplary (some have been criticized in minor ways) and some of the sets (like this one) come with lovely Lobby Card Postcards reproducing the original promotional shots of the film. Some even have a poster.  The Card Wraps are NOT numbered or sequenced in any way (both the Studio Classics series and the Cinema Reserve series ARE numbered on their spines). Each CCC issue has a dedicated inlay - usually 2 or 3 pages - and each is full of great info about the shoot - the stars - the release - it's legacy etc. The discs themselves are loaded with fascinating extras, re-mastered soundtracks, archive material etc.... Fox has to be praised for this. The series is clearly building momentum in the States and is gaining the respect among collectors and lovers of film that say the WARNER BROTHERS SIGNATURE COLLECTION boxes have.  As a lover of oldies and classics, I thought I'd compile a list of these for fans here in the UK; many of these tiles are obscure and are REGION 1 only. I've cobbled this list together from several sources and the obvious sites for Fox, but if there are inaccuracies/additions/substractions, then please feel free to point them out. Titles in the Series are listed as follows - Film Title (Principal Actors), Original Year of Release, DVD Year Of Release, No. of Discs and (Any Other Relevent Info). Also wih regard to the Artwork on Amazon USA and UK
 There are two great 'behind enemy lines pow escape' movies and the great escape is one and so is this.  I don't like Sinatra's music but his ww2 movies were really good.
 I've watched this film probably six or seven times, and it never really gets old. Is it the same as the book? No, but what movie is--and the book didn't feature the Chairman of the Board! 
 I saw the movie a number of years ago and liked it. Wanted a copy for my "library". This is good WWII action film.
 Synopsis  Colonel Ryan (Frank Sinatra) leads a daring escape attempt across Italy.  His men hate him, he faces constant opposition from a British Major (Trevor Howard), and from the German soldiers that are only a few steps behind him.  This thrilling chase film is an exciting cross of The Great Escape and The Train.  Sexual Content  Early on in the film, Ryan orders his soldiers to undress and burn their uniforms so that they will receive the new ones promised them by an Italian officer (we see a far out view from behind, and a few close-ups from the front above the waist).  Later, when Ryan captures the train, it is discovered that a German officer's mistress is on board.  We see her in a slightly low-cut nightgown.  Later, she tries to seduce Ryan (mild, and children probably won't notice this).  He resists and leaves her angered. Violence  Many shootings and explosions.  Some blood is visible in the aftermath, but none during the actual scenes.  Several German soldiers are strangled (mild) and a few POW's are seen caught on fire (also mild).  Several main characters are killed and (SPOILER WARNING) a woman is shot in the back to prevent her from escaping. Language  Scattered D-words, H-words, and a few B-words.  Surprising for the time, but mild by today's standards. Morales  Characters drink, smoke, and curse.  Killing innocent people is suggested in order to save the POW's escape attempt.  A main character shoots a woman in the back.  One of the main characters is a Catholic priest.  He is shown in a positive light, and not to be a fake, however the other characters often make jokes as his expense. Conclusion  Moderately exciting war film that falls short of The Great Escape, but is still far superior to most films of the genre.  Frank Sinatra gives a decent performance, but it is hard to picture the middle-aged actor as a "hot-shot flyboy".  The real excitement comes from the film's final action scene with planes chasing the train through mountain passes, in a scene that loses little in terms of modern special effects.  The ending is slightly surprising and fairly downbeat, but overall this is a good film for fans of old war movies.  Depends on your family whether the kids get to see it or not.
 I'm not a big fan of fictional war movies.  I mean, come on, there were so many heroic events that took place that there should never really be a need to make a plot up.  But, Von Ryan's Express is fiction, and it's actually pretty well done.  The plot is a little weak at times.  For the life of me I couldn't understand why, when only 6 miles from the coast the men all stopped and rested.  If I'd been a prisoner of war for years and was only a 2 hour march from my own troops and freedom I wouldn't have stopped for anything.  Still, Frank Sinatra and Trevor Howard do a nice job in their rolls.  In fact, I'd say solid acting all the way around with some supporting rolls being just outstanding.  The uniforms, weapons, and other equipment appear to all be accurate and authentic.  This is a real import thing to me as we've all watched movies with American tanks painted desert yellow pretending to be Rommel's panzers.  The only glaring mistake is using three trainer aircraft to represent German fighter planes.  But, hey, how many actual German fighters still existed in 1965.  I'd bet very few so the use of trainers, while unfortunate, is understandable.  For a movie made more than 40 years ago, it's still very much worth watching.
 My apologies in advance to the legion of fans out there, but somehow the idea of a  good  Frank Sinatra film seems oxymoronic.  But this is a fine film, with Sinatra believable as the American martinet, and a simply outstanding supporting cast.  I must single out for special mention the wonderful performance by Edward Mulhare, a much underrated actor, who rarely had the opportunity to show what he could do.  His performance as Father Costanza is a gem, and one of the elements that makes this movie really work (and his German is excellent!).
 Despite being based on a rather tame Archie comic and Hanna-Barbara cartoon, JOSIE AND THE PUSSYCATS is awash with sharp, silly and satirical humor that keeps tickling your funny-bone from start to finish. From its takeoff of boy-bands, to the running gag of endless product placements, this flick had me smiling from start to finish. Rachael Leigh Cook is solid as Josie, while Tara Reid is totally endearing as the dim, but not dumb, blonde Melody. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey are a hoot as the evil music executives who use the band to plant subliminal messages in their teenage fans' brains. When this movie first came out, many critics were not kind to this flick. Frankly, I think they missed the point. JOSIE is a spot-on spoof of today's music business that truly amuses. Highly recommended.
 I've seen both versions and here are the differences between the two
 Someone's lost their sense of humour! Well, I rented this video last night. I was pretty damn pleased with it, not least because of the pretty girls and pretty songs, and the back-door-lovin boy band.  Many bits made silly-ol'-me fall of my seat laughing , like the Honk if you love pussy......cats. This sets the tone of the film and introduces us to the completely gorgeous lovable wacko Mel). The plot is laughable, but so what? Very cute Rachel acting as Josie is a little flat but who cares? The film pokes fun at a horribly real cross-mass-marketing culture, in which all forms of media gang up to sell us the same products, and feed us the same drivel about what's going on in our world. But it didn't get bogged down in a lesson in ethics. It's a very watchable film, and that's all you need to know. For those who go a little deeper
 While promoted as just another teen rock band comedy, Josie and the Pussycats is smart and sly, as well as being genuinely funny.  A satire on the prevalent band-as-marketing-tool phenomenon, the movie lets the audience know what it is in for from the very first scenes, featuring a Backstreet Boys-type boy band surrounded by a veritable plethora of product placement logos.  Using real companies' logos helps drive the message home, though it's important to point out--as the filmmakers do on their commentary track--that the companies did not pay to have their logos used, keeping the film from being too hypocritical. Obviously, the movie isn't any too subtle advocating free will over following what's popular, but it's such a likeable movie, that doesn't really matter.  As Josie, Rachel Leigh Cook is perfectly cast, projecting an air of genuine caring towards her friends.  Rosario Dawson, as the constantly neglected black Pussycat, makes her character about more than just her race, and thus makes the racist attitudes seem so much more unreasonable.  Tara Reid, as dumb blonde Melody, adds so much charm to her performance that the character comes across as more than just an object of ridicule.  And Alan Cumming and Parker Posey are delightfully over the top as the evil record company executives, who even manage to make themselves almost sympathetic at the end when their own hidden sides come to light. The extra features on this DVD are pretty nifty, though not the selling point.  I particularly enjoyed the commentary from the filmmakers, proving that if you set your sights higher than a typical teen comedy, it will show in your work.  This movie is so much better than it really has any right to be, and I'm glad I got a chance to see it.
 This movie is a lot of fun, and much smarter than some people will give it credit for.  Great comedic performances by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey, who between them chew enough scenery to create a soundstage.  And the Pussycats are genuinely fun, hot babes
 If you want a good escapist movie, this is it.  It's silly and funny, without much complicated issues to think about - except that Josey and the Pussycats must save the world from being brainwashed by advertisers.  The parody of boy bands is hilarious, and the Pussycats - Rosario Dawson and Tara Reid are cute and sweet.  A fan of quirky Parker Posey, I'm not disappointed by her steady performance as an advertising executive bent on brainwashing the world into thinking that orange is the new black.  If you have a sense of humor, the silliness in this film will make you laugh.  If you are looking for Oscar winning fare, then look elsewhere.
 I enjoyed the film, it was comical,but had serious side to it. I really,really enjoyed the extra features on the DVD like the Backstage with interviews of the various cast members and my favorite producer Marc Platt. I also loved the music videos.  I truly recommend this.
 Two of my guy friends love to watch this movie, over and over again.  It's fun, silly, but oh so true on how they advertise today.
 I'll be the first to say I rented this movie not with the intention of witnessing a spectacular film, but purely because of the possitive feedback I had received form friends. I must say Josie and the Pussycats exceeded my expectations.  This movie is excellent simply because it's so fun. Packed with catchy pop punk and witty humour, JATP will have you wondering if the music industry really is coating our favourite songs with subliminal messages. I adored the plot, which had some serious points but were potrayed in a light, feel -good way.  Ultimately, when it had ended, I started it again and sung along. I'm not afriad to admit it. I ended up returning the movie a few days late, and later bought it.
 I never saw the original cartoon but decided to pick up 2001's "Josey and the Pussycats because Tara Reid's such a cutie and it looked like some fun entertainment.  Yes, it's fun and the girls are attractive (also featuring Rachael Leigh Cook & Rosario Dawson) but, surprisingly, "Josey and the Pussycats shoots for something deeper. As my title blurb points out, this is an amusing and potent satire on the power and manipulation of the entertainment industry.  Alan Cumming is outstanding as the villainous band manager who uses, abuses and throws away at whim. His opening scene with the fictional boyband Du Jour is worth the price of admission! Parker Posey is also good as his diabolical superior.  Ever wonder why all those musicians die in mysterious plane crashes, overdoses, etc. at the height of their fame? How about all those successful government cover-ups? How do artists with little actual talant and songwriting abilities become hugely popular while the truly talanted artists languish in obscurity (like Meliah Rage)? Why do you sometimes have this insane drive for a Big Mac or Coke? "Josie and the Pussycats explains all, lol.  As for the doofuses who complain about the product placement, they all live on Aduh Street.  The film runs 98 minutes.  FINAL WORD
 This movie is not exactly like the original media for Josie and the Pussycats - it has been significantly updated to fit the year that this movie was produced in. The story is almost like a spoof/parody of advertising, fashion, the music industry, pop culture etc, especially with the villains of this film.  If you're looking for a movie that is completely faithful to the original, you will be disappointed. But movie adaptations are never exactly the same as their source, and some adaptations have been very good. This is one of them - it has its laugh-out-loud moments, along with some cheesy and dramatic moments to make for a nice, fun, light (but not too light) flick.
 people, people this movie is great, however dont go into a whole philosophical breakdown of it.  Its a satire that just so happens to star hot babes...BAM...nuff said.  Pop it in, get sum popcorn ready and enjoy, thats it! finito.
 Wow... I'm shocked. I loved this film!  I was trolling YouTube for some video of the original cartoon and came across the PG rated version of this film that someone has uploaded. I didn't even *know* that a film version had been made. So out of curiosity I clicked on it ... and found myself laughing from the very first scene!  I've read a lot of reviews and found some people that just don't get the product placement joke but I thought it was hilarious, especially considering that the producers got not one penny from these companies. From the moment I spotted Seth Green in the opening scene I thought "How bad can this be? Then I saw Alan Cumming and I just had to keep watching.  So I kept watching... and watching... and laughing. Then I spotted Parker Posey and thought "No way!  The cast was perfect but I want to single out Tara Reid as Melody. Let me just say up front that I have never been a fan of Ms Reid but her take on Melody was nearly perfect. I say nearly because there is one aspect of Melody that I think a human actor just cannot carry off and can only be done in animation. The rest however she did to perfection. Melody is not just another dumb, wacky blond like so many people seem to believe. She is innocence encapsulated to the point where you just love to listen to her and watch her antics. Just like Josie says to her in the film "That's what I love about you! Indeed the only part of the cartoon Melody that Ms Reid couldn't pull off, and didn't even try -credit to whoever's idea this was - was the blinking of the eyes as she tries to process in her head what it was she just saw or heard. Just a great piece by Ms Reid.  I can't believe it took me nine years to realize this film even existed. I would recommend it to all and I will be buying a copy of it.
 As a fan of the Archie comics, I had to see this movie when it came out. It's a great movie to watch with your girlfriends. The story is about three small-town girls from Riverdale USA who have their own band and a manager. One day they get "discovered and sign a recording contract. Along the way to fame and fortune, they discover they are being used to sell products via subliminal messages in their music. The record exes are really out-there, as are some of the other minor characters, but Josie, Melody and Valerie remain true to the original Archie characters. Alan M and the Cabots are even featured. I love the Josie and the Pussycats songs (though the DeJour songs could use some work). I even have the soundtrack.
 4 of 5 stars for the comic turned movie Josie and the Pussycats. Yes, I admit it, I like this movie. Yes, I should seek professional help. This is a cute, dumb and funny movie. Take three girls (all pretty, 2/3s dumb) who form a rock band. Add a manager and record company out to control the minds of everyone in the world. Lots of great visuals, glitsy, flashy and just plain fun things (inside their plane is covered with sponsor ads). It is just plain fun. Shout-out to Tara Reid who takes the role of "dumb blonde to new levels. Rosario Dawson plays the one pussycat with a brain. While Parker Posey plays Josie. I do recommend this movie; it is OK for the whole family. Its just fun and entertaining. Please pass the popcorn.
 No, it's not, but that is a line in the movie and it is about subliminal messages, so I can't help but describe the movie that way.  
 Wen the adaptations of comics are well made, this is wath you got, the cartoon was funy, the comics were funy this movie is not lees, the movie have menssage and all, is fun in a lot of ways, i recomended... the favorite movie of Red Richards
 At first glance, "Josie and the Pussycats looks like yet another brainless movie aimed at 12 year-old girls. In fact, it is a very clever satire of the whole teenage pop-music industry. The plot centres on an "evil organization (led by Parker Posey and Alan Cumming) that is hiding subliminal messages in pop-music in order to get teenagers to buy things that they don't really want, with girl band, Josie and the Pussycats (Rachel Leigh Cook, Rosario Dawson and Tara Reid), becoming unsuspectingly involved in their scheme.  In many ways this film reminded me a lot of "The Brady Bunch Movie in that both of these films are films that don't take their subject matter too seriously and don't underestimate the intelligence of their audience (and are all the better for it). Both films are also filled with an ample supply of jokes (which are very funny) and "Josie and the Pussycats has the added advantage that the songs that the Pussycats play are actually worth listening to (I also own the soundtrack and love it). The only drawback of this film is that there are too many musical montage sequences, particularly in the first half of the film, but that's just a minor matter and would not stop me from re-watching this film.
 When this originally came out it rubbed alot of industry people the wrong way and did not get great reviews but watching it now -- it seems more applicable to the state of society.  It's campy and fun to watch.  The dialogue is not shakespear but it's not meant to be.  It's a great escape and really makes you think about what and why things influence us.
 When I first heard they were coming out with a live action version of "Josie and the Pussycats", my reaction was dread.  Recently, I had been disillusioned by other new projects featuring old favorites, such as Scooby-Doo and Pocahontas II.  I'm not a fan of the original Archie label Josie comics, but I do love the Hanna-Barbera cartoon, and was worried how they might treat the characters.  Imagine my relief when the live action film didn't disillusion me!  I didn't think it was a classic movie, but I came out of the theater happy.  Melody acts like Melody-flighty and innocent.  Josie and Valerie have more depth, but don't seem alien to the cartoon characters.  Valerie now plays bass instead of tambourine; however, and no mention is made of her genius with electronic gadgets.  Alexandra translates very well.  Alan looks like Hanna-Barbera's Alan in the face, but his body is skinnier.  A take charge leader in the cartoon series, the new live action Alan seems spaced out, like a stereotype surfer dude.  I was most concerned about Alexander, my favorite character.  Hanna-Barbera's Alex is cowardly but friendly, whereas Archie's Alex is snobbish-the main reason I can't get fanatically into the Archie version of "Josie and the Pussycats", even though the Archie version came first.  Which way would Alex act in the live action film, I wondered.  He doesn't really act either way, although missing one of the band's gigs made him seem just a little preoccupied with himself.  Then there's one odd incident-I won't give you the context, but it's not sexual-in which he strips himself bare.  Not feeling either snobby or cowardly today, I see!  Comparisons with the Hanna-Barbera cartoon aside, something others have remarked upon is how the film seems to promote anti-commercialism and not listening to hype, yet it has product placement to the extreme.  It's like the film is saying, "Buy this!  Or...maybe don't buy it!  We don't know!  Another complaint I have with the film is that it had enough profanity in to make it a PG-13.  It's inspired by a G-rated, kid-friendly comic book and TV show!  Why does it have to be PG-13?  Having just a little sensuality to make it a PG would have been better.  Still, it was mostly the bad guys who swore.  All in all, it's a fun film.  And it didn't spoil my memories of Josie and friends that I had from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon, so that to me made the film good enough.
 This is a GREAT movie. Melody is one of the best characters, she is funny and cheerful. Perfect for a herd of 10-11 year old girl slumber party movie-goers!
 Josie and the Pussycats is a very fun, very sweet film, with nice performances by all the leads. Parker Posey and Alan Cumming are laugh-out-loud hilarious as modern day "Doctor Evils to the Pussycats. Cook, Dawson and Reid are equally engaging as the three members of the little band that could, and could in the best way - the music from this film is actually really catchy and it stays in your head long after the film ends. There must have been subliminal messages in there or something, because I really do want the soundtrack! Kudos to Babyface Edmonds for making some fabulous music! Watch this movie on a day when you want a nice, solid pick-me-up. It's a lot of good-hearted, harmless fun, and it will leave you with a smile on your face and a spring in your step. Very cute!!
 Good Info for the money, Quality is OK but not great , Master Goldberg has a very good understanding on what wing chun is all about
 I am not in the target audience and did not expect to see this movie, just picked it up for my daughter. However, I found this film to be very good, especially the performance of Freddie Prinze (Ryan) and Clarie Forlani (Jennifer). The way they play the changes in feelings between them is well acted and interesting. The dance scene is outstanding and really puts you into the film. I purchased the film after renting it I enjoyed so much--not something I normally do. Clarie provides an outgoing personality that plays very well with  Freddie's quiet character who's feelings warm to a roast as the movie reaches its love scene. The final scene is the movie's peak  and as well done as any I have enjoyed.  The first level of the movie is standard boy meets girl. But below the surface are two individuals that have many conflicting emotions. This was well played by Freddie when at a party he asks if his  sis  wants to leave. Claire, the sis, is involved with a guy and wants to stay. This scene shows how Freddie both wants her to follow, he rescued her from another guy earlier and subconsciencely hopes to do it again to be with him, and having to wait for her to really take notice of him and not knowing how to show her, since they are  just friends.   He also turns down another girl at the same party before he trys his  rescue.   The other two main characters, Amy and Steve, contrast well against Ryan and Jennifer showing youth confusion on self identity in a way that lets you enjoy Ryan and Jennifer but not tire of their predictable growing relationship. (We know at the start what should happen by the end of the movie.) Amy and Steve also show in a  louder  way what it is like to find identity, something Ryan and Jennifer must do if they are to get together. I enjoyed this movie for the acting, character chemistry, interesting use of a character bringing the audience into her experience (Jennifer's music man break-up) and the many emotions considered through out the film, and finally the fun the characters showed in trying to deal with their lifes together.
 Misery loves company. I became addicted to this quirky, somewhat surreal romantic comedy when a long term relationship of mine ended. To watch Freddie Prinze Jr. and Claire Forlani as long-time friends navigate through the minefield of failed relationships and teen angst only to eventually consider getting together themselves seemed like the perfect anecdotal medecine to relieve what I was going through at that time. Yes, it's ultimately a funny and touching drama that taps into that need for comfortable feel good stories to put the sparkle back into life. Really, it bears more than a striking resemblance to WHEN HARRY MET SALLY in both structure and themes. (Is it a surprise they are both favorites of mine). Ultimately my favorite part of the movie is the first half. The movie starts with a young Ryan and Jennifer meeting for the first time on a plane from New York to Los Angeles. Their encounter remains so memorable that five years later Ryan recognizes Jennifer during a football game. As luck would have it the two also eventually end up both in college at Berkeley and bump into each other in a series of When-Harry-Met-Sally-esque encounters over a number of years. Prinze definitely plays against type here, he doesn't play a hotshot high school football star but instead Ryan is a difficult, unsure teen attempting to make his way through an engineering degree and Forlani is the confident, assured college girl who has no trouble getting dates, but is unable to maintain  any long-term commitment. Providing possibly his funniest performance is Jason Biggs (of American Pie fame) who plays Ryans college roommate Hunter (well that's not his real name but he feels it sounds better when picking up girls). From his introduction  - getting stuck in a storage case to his eventual success in  the girl department - his all too rare screen moments provide some great humor and lend a certain charm to the movie giving it an edge over the adult movie that so clearly inspired it. I've seen this movie numerous times, its one of my guilty pleasures that speaks to me on so many levels. Incidently if you have seen this movie on television the chances are that you have not seen it all. I have seen "Boys and Girls shredded to bits on network tv.
 Ive been looking for this movie for a while.  I love this movie, glad i found it!  Very pleased with this purchase.
 I absolutely love this movie. Who out there hasnt fallen at least once for their friend of the opposite sex? The relationship between Freddie Prince Jr and Claire Forlani's character is something all of us can relate to. The dance scene with Claire and Freddie was actually really good. This movie reminds me of when it first came out and when i first watched it in middle school. I love it.
 Overall, Boys and Girls is a story of a couple who, for some reason, keep having odd encounters. An assertive female character meets a very insecure male, ending in a twisted plot of love.  My first encounter with this movie was actually on TV. After, I had to buy it in order to watch the beginning half that I missed.  This movie has strong dialogues and will open your mind about the relation between a male and female's best friend relationship. The brute honesty in a few scenes had emotional & great diction which was worth buying the movie alone. I would repeat the scene and personally recite the lines along with the movie each time.  If you're someone who's ever had a relationship where you were the less outgoing of the two, or had feelings for your best friend, this little tale of a twisted destiny is highly recommended.
 I actually rented this movie  accidentally,  and I must say I was quite impressed by Claire Forlani. I had never seen her before this movie and, while the movie's plot isn't exactly deep or innovative, Claire's performance as Jennifer was evidence that she has a special  magic  and screen presence.  I enjoyed the rented movie so much that I bought the DVD!
 This show was originally a PBS production. It is really wonderful to see old time tappers talking about their history, but it would have been even better if it was longer.  Not so much dancing and a fair amount of reminiscing, but fun nontheless.
 K, I know it's a small thing, especially when Cheers uses so little pop music in the series. But for this reason, you'd think that Paramount could secure rights to the original music used in the episodes.  Here we go
 The "Sam and Rebecca decide to make a baby together ongoing story arc in Season 10, for me (as a longtime fan of the entire series) was nowhere near as strong as some of the individual episodes that focused on utilizing the characters, telling a story, and going for big laughs.  A perfect example of this is "One Hugs, The Other Doesn't, featuring laugh-out-loud moments from both the cast and Emma Thompson as kiddie entertainer (and former wife of Frasier) "Nanny G. This one's merciless, easily one of the best single episodes in the entire series. It's full of surprises, full of laughs, and ten seasons in, manages to add even more nuances to well-established characters.  "Get Your Kicks on Route 666 is another stand-alone classic, primarily for the fact that it gets four of the show's male leads out of the bar and into a unique setting...a road trip to find their "inner hairy man. Kelsey Grammer delivers the best line here..."I wouldn't want to run into the wolf who could carry off Norm"...but it's a solid episode from start to finish.  We get a return visit from Annie Golden as Cliff's on again, off again girlfriend Maggie, and of course there's Woody's wedding...every bit as chaotic as you might expect.  Overall, Season 10 is worth a rock-solid four stars...maybe even 4.5. If you collect the series, either via "best episodes or entire seasons, you can't afford to miss this one.
 I have loved CHEERS ever since it premiered on TV and now I can watch it anytime i want to.  Season 10 has some of the funniest show of all time and makes me laugh everytime I watch the shows.
 Received Cheers Season 10 from Amazon in good condition. There were no damages. The DVD set is slim and does not occupy much space, but the down side is that its just a plain box - the earlier season sets were bulky but they had photos of some episodes from the season that one could have a look at when unfolding the box. Season 10 was an enjoyable season with two memorable episodes Woodys wedding and the bar wars episode. Woodys wedding episode is so hilarious, things keep on getting worse and yet the Cheers gang pulls it off - probably one of the best episodes of the entire Cheers franchise. Season 10 was not among the best seasons but hey its CHEERS!! none of the episodes are a drag and they always put a smile back on the viewer. The only reason why I am giving 4 stars is because the dvd set contains NO EXTRAS - thats disappointing  All in all worth the price
 Since it took season 9 a year and a half to be releaseed after season 8, it is important to show our support for seasons 9 and 10 or else we might have a long wait for season 11. I am still surprised they announced season 10 so close after season 9. Anyways...  This is a great show, but by now in Season 10 things were starting to get stale. They had some great episodes
 This is my all time favorite sitcom. Each week I have friends over to play pool and Cheers is always on. It's great that season 10 didn't take as long to be released as season 9. However, in season 9 there were some disappointments. (1) Some of the original music was replaced. (2) Some scenes were edited (3) The packaging was cheap. No color fold out with pictures, and the DVD's were plain. Paramount has done this before with other releases such as Happy Days. This was very disappointing, especially since we were given no advanced notice and no significant price break. Will Paramount cut corners again? I hope not. We'll have to wait until Sep 2nd to find out.
 Season nine is really the last great season of Cheers. It's the one in which Rebecca and Robin come to a resolution of their relationship after Robin finishes his time in prison, and where Rebecca and Sam finally fall into some form of normalcy in their relationship. Finally, it was the first full season after Sam finally got his bar back after losing it at the end of season five.  Season ten can only be judged as "more of the same". That's not bad when you consider Cheers' weird cast of characters, but there are really no surprises. The only real season-long storyline is Sam and Rebecca's attempt to have a child together. For things to really get moving again you have to wait for the final season - season eleven. The outstanding episodes of season ten are the two involving the "Bar Wars between Cheers and Gary's Olde Towne Tavern, and the very best of the season is the finale involving Woody's marriage to his wealthy girlfriend, Kelly. For once there is no season-ending cliffhanger here, just lots of fun Cheers-style.  The timing between the release of seasons nine and ten - end of May for season nine and the first of September for season ten - makes it look like Paramount will probably release season eleven and probably "Cheers
 Cheers is a classic.  Season 10 was another great one for Cheers.  We have the hilarious wedding at the end for Woody.  We have the Bar Wars episodes of which are always good.  This is great seasaon and I look forward to the final season 11 to complete my collection.
 CBS DVD and Paramount Home Entertainment have announced that Cheers - The Final Season will arrive on DVD this January 27th. The 653-minute collection will include all 25 episodes, including the double-length episode "Rebecca Gaines, Rebecca Loses and the triple-length series finale, "One For The Road". from tvshowsondvd dot com.
 I give it 4 stars only because it is a GREAT season, but there are no extras.
 Great to finally get Cheers 10 after such a long wait - frustating that dates for releases are not easily or readily available - Cheers 11, The Sheild 7 etc., and also would be better if there was some 'special features' - interviews or contributions from those involved as on previous early season releases - hope they do it for the last one - Cheers !! First of all, before anything else, I must comment to all of you who might find this movie blasphemous... it really isn't.  This movie is never presented as truth or even really a parody on religion.  Rather, it takes some artistic license with a few beliefs, exagerates them, throws in a few ideas that are controversial and a few ideas that are quite astute observations, and makes it all quite humerous.  Don't look at this movie as if it's making fun of God, look at it like it's making fun of the people who really skew religion away from what it is in its foundation.  If you're one of those people, by all means, take offense. Having said that, this movie is funny.  It's not my be-all-end-all funny movie, but it's up there.  Kevin Smith shows us again why we love his movies so much.  Probably the funniest part of this movie is Jay and Silent Bob.  They really shine like never before.  Jason Lee is good as Azrael, but I still feel he's better in more major roles like he had in Mallrats.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are great as the two fallen angels, giving us some great scenes with Damon re-filling his role as the angel of death. On the *slightly* more serious side, Smith gives us several very poignant observations about Catholisism today, from the incredibly superficial Cardinal played by George Carlan to the words of Serendipity (Salma Hayek) concerning how modern Catholics treat their faith.  However, even these observations are treated with humor, and you can't help but laugh at  the Buddy Christ . In the end, this is just a funny movie on religion.  If you can't have a sense of humor at someone else's view on this, then don't watch it.  But as for the rest of us, we'll be watching it many times.
 This may be Smith's best picture to date.  He never fails to find the humor in situations, be it a cheap fart joke or an amusing observation about the idiosyncracies of life.  The film never gets too preachy (what  were the protesters thinking - this is a PRO-faith movie) and never takes  itself too seriously. The big reason why I think Dogma is better than  Chasing Amy?  It has a plotted ending, rather than the ludicrous  menage-a-trois suggestion at the end of Amy.  Dogma is a fairly  well-constructed, fun, hopeful, road picture.  I do wish the DVD would  have had some goodies, but I suspect the SE is in production now. I also  wish Mr. Smith would find himself a good cinematographer.  His films always  have such a strange,  not quite real  color to them.
 Kevin Smith creates an amazing story, with amazing characters (imagine that) in Dogma, his latest movie. Like Smith's other films, Dogma is quit hilarious, but it also conveys a strong message about faith. If you have  reservations about buying this movie due to the religious content, It is  not a catholic bashing movie. I'm catholic, and I wasn't offended.  Regardless, the only down side to this DVD is that Kevin hasn't released a  Collectors Edition. I'm planning on waiting for that copy... but when I do  buy it, I'll be shopping on Amazon.com!
 Some of these reviewers have panned this movie as a misuse of great acting talent.  Fans of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, particularly, assert that their boys were underserved by this film.  If you've never seen this movie before, here's a suggestion.  Look at it as sort of a senior thesis in filmmaking.  It's chock-full of original, quirky ideas, many of which are calculated to get people mad.  This is the concept meant by the word "sophomoric.  Two angels that have lost favor find a technical loophole with dogma which will allow them back into heaven.  So, it's a "quest movie where the questors are fallen angels, and their quest lacks legitimacy.  As written, the angels have become imps in the classical sense
 First off, Dogma isn't supposed to be takin seriously.  None of Kevin Smith's movies are, for that matter.  So, for all of you naysayers who do nothing but harp on this movie, please, do all the fans a favor
 I don't think it's a accident that most of the actors have a Roman Catholic background.  Obviously the director, cast, and writers have issues, but it's clear they are at least conversant with the subject.  Yes, the theology sucks; they don't understand what is actually taught, but you can see how they struggle with the oversimplified version of the faith that is presented at the lowest levels of a Catholic education.  (Seven years of parochial school here, and four more CCD; I understand where they're coming from.)  Given these misunderstandings, what comes out is funny as hell.  Don't take it as a theoligical treatise.  See it as a "reductio ad absurdum of the simplified theology presented to children and laugh your head off.
 I bought this movie because Kevin Smith aka Silent Bob was the director and it didn't dissapoint me at all. I couldn't stop laughing. Great story, great actors.
 I loved this movie.  I went to Catholic school, so I got all the jokes, and it is FUNNY!  My Jewish friends walked out after 10 minutes; they had no idea what they were talking about in the film and they got bored.  But if you are in-the-know about Catholic dogma, it's a hoot and well worth the time.  I'm no Catholic myself, but I think you'd be pretty insecure in your beliefs if this movie offends you (it's profane; it's Silent Bob! I'm talking about issues of faith here that are tossed around like so many fooze-balls.) Bob clearly appreciates Catholicism- it's a strangely loving movie.  The cast is first rate, and Alan Rickman is at his dyspeptic best.  If you like this, I'd also recommend<a href="http
 "DOGMA is a good movie. It's incredibly bizarre, but in an interesting way.  Some may hate it--sex is mentioned, drugs are used, and language abounds. Alan Rickman, as Metatron, is excellent and probably the best actor in the film. Matt Damon & Ben Affleck (renegade angels banished to Wisconsin for the entire span of human history) are actually quite good, and their friendship comes across. My only complaint with this movie is that it could be so much more polished.  The story line is a little choppy and jumpy in some places, the language could be cut down (not because I find it offensive, but because it disrupts what the characters are trying to SAY), and some of the drug usage (do we really need to see an angel smoking weed?) is absolutely pointless.  Good movie, though, with good points. If you're interested in watching it, rent it.  Chances are you'll hate it--or love it.
 I liked  Dogma   With it's star studded cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, Salma Hayek, Linda Fiorentino, Alanis Morissette, and Jay and Silent Bob.  What could go wrong right?  The film was funny but to cluttered.  The filmmaking was cluttered and not up to par.  Kevin Smithis a great director but he made this film cluttered.  Here is the plot
 I liked  Dogma   With it's star studded cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, Salma Hayek, Linda Fiorentino, Alanis Morissette, and Jay and Silent Bob.  What could go wrong right?  The film was funny but to cluttered.  The filmmaking was cluttered and not up to par.  Kevin Smithis a great director but he made this film cluttered.  Here is the plot
 Biting satire, slapstick comedy and a very heavy message plus good acting (mostly) make this film a real winner. I recommend this one to anyone who is'nt a religious nut (You know who you are) and loves good movies.
 A lot of nay-sayers ... this movie. But I thought it was very comical, witty, and a grand slag at Catholicism.  Hurrah for that let me just say right now. Chris Rock is cool as Rufus, the 13th Apostile.. You knew Jesus? Rock
 What if two fallen angels found a loophole that could get them back into heaven? Now what if that same loophole might just cause the destruction of the entire universe? That's the premise of this wonderful movie. (And don't believe the rumors you've heard about blasphemy and damnation for all that see it!) With plenty of theological  inside jokes  to keep any Catholic school graduate enthralled, the plot, action and dialog all make this a very enjoyable and compelling film. Truly comical. Truly intellectual (Hey! don't let that put you off!). But mostly, truly enjoyable. If you liked Jay and Silent Bob from Mall Rats, you'll love this film!
 I had seen both Chasing Amy and Clerks and had mixed opinions on those, but I admit I laughed out loud several times during this movie.  Will there be those that dislike it for its depiction of religion and mixture of profanity and sexual innuendo.  Sure, but many of those who would be offended by this get all up in arms about all sorts of trivial stuff.  I like to think the  disclaimer  at the beginning of the movie that God hopefully has a sense of humor holds true.  This movie while a comedy, does make you sit and think about religion itself and the way its structured.  In all I found the movie both funny and somewhat enlightening.  I do agree with others that I found the overall ending somewhat weak, but come on its a comedy how are you supposed to depict the almighty.  I'll admit that sometime I grimaced at the comments from Jay that toe the line, but I still found the movie funny.  So overall, if you are someone who likes to laugh and doesn't get all worked up about religion, rent this, maybe even buy it and you'll find yourself smiling.
 Great movie, I adored it's plot, but it doesn't fit with the rest of his movies, except for jay and silent bob, I know that this is no reason to hate a movie, but in this case, the name Kevin Smith means anti-streamlined, and this was way to streamlined, it doesn't matter, it's still impressive, I never tell any part of the story, because it means you already know about the movies, all I can say is it's good, but not up to par with his other movies.  George Carlin is great as he plays a bishop.  I am 15 but I should not be questioned because of my age but because of my thoughts. 
 Loved it!  Though I was raised Catholic, I was always taught to have a good sense of humor about myself.  Too many people saw this movie as a poke in the eye at religion.  Funny, I saw it as a positive statement on religion.  Of course, most of the negative reviews tend to come from people who haven't actually SEEN the film....
  ...no denomination has nailed it yet, because they are all (organized religion, that is) too self-righteous to realize it's not what you have faith in, it's that you have faith,  says the muse, Serendipity, played by Salma Hayek, which spells out what this movie is all about.  That and the fact God has a sense of humor, and is canadian, hehe.     At the first part of the movie a warning appears which basically says do not take this film seriously.  Unfortunately, some people thought different and took it very seriously, basically saying that God would never have a sense of humor and  they protest it.  These people need to wake and smell the comedy, because this movie is funny. witty, and very entertaining. It is about two angels, Bartleby (Ben Affleck) and Loki (Matt Damon) who have been banished from heaven (for reasons that will be explained in the movie) and must live out the rest of human history in Wisconsin, which I guess is worse than hell, ask the Metatron, played by the ever-talented Alan Rickman.     UNfortunately, these two angels have found a loophole in Catholicism, which would let them back in to heaven.  But if this happens the world will end because it will prove God wrong and God is supposed to be infallible.  So the metatron tracks down the last scion (the last living relative of Jesus) played by Linda Fiorentino, and with the help of the 13th apostle (Chris Rock), which the bible failed to mention, and Jay and Silent Bob(Smith and Mewes), they head towards Jersey to stop the angels. It is a comical trip through with dialogue so funny, you may get whip-lash.  Also, a welcome part from George Carlin as a Cardinal, not to mention that Jay and Silent Bob play bigger roles compared to previous films (Clerks and Chasing Amy). GRADE
 This really should be 4.5 stars. My only trouble is the strange audio. The spoken audio was too soft and thus all the action was far too loud when it popped in and surprised me. I ended up changing my center channel volume to avoid it, but it could have been better. As far as the content, this is one of the greatest movies that has come out lately in the comedy arena. The casting was very well done, adding to the appeal of the movie. Jay and Silent Bob finally get the screen time that they are worthy of! Boo-Yah! As always, Smith is loyal to the actors that got him where he is, and that quality just adds a little something to his movies. The story presented is just a knock-out that provides an endless opportunity for comedy, and it's used to the fullest. Some people don't care for religous humor, but this movie isn't for those people. You can't go wrong with this movie if you are a true comedy afficienado.
 OK Kevin, you've made your point! Yes, you are clearly one of most  interesting flimmakers out right now. I've seen all the movies and Dogma  was only an appropriate follow-up to your stream of brutally funny and  intelligent films.  Dogma is not for the religiously up-tight or the  squeamish, it's a contraversial treat for the open-minded intellectuals who  know there's more to this experiment called Existence than meets the eye or  soul. Although sometimes Kevin Smith's films get overly talky and in this  one a tad preachy, the light of his magnificent concept is illuminated. It  has most of the usual Smith film elements, tons of vulgar dialogue and a  few consistent characters Jay and Silent Bob. Like all his films, Dogma is  very animated and has the energy and texture of comic books. This film  stirs up a religious stew and may leave many with a sour taste. It has its  moments of sheer lunacy and some may see it as simply a cartoonish  fantasia. But listen closely to the words between the words and thoughts  being provoked and you can see that this comedy on religion, God/Christ,  faith, and myth, is actually a cinematic paradigm of questioning belief  systems. Ha--llejuah!
 I am an evil Mormon. (Basically I've been austrisized by my fellow mormons for actually reading the scriptures and interpeting thier obvious meanings differently than the sunday school teacher.) I just had to say that before I gave my review. Comming from a religious background I can appreciate this film for what it is. I don't think this movie was meant to be sacreligious, just thought provoking. The movie takes many comon believes and puts new spins on them in a very entertaning way. Although I do agree that the directing could have been better, I appreciate the "ideas introduced. Especially the analogy of faith being like a glass of water. Counter arguments for some of the ideas presented in this film exist. One must remember that Christ was a Jew, and in that day marrying outside the Jewish religion was taboo. He would not have been black, or white, but Hebrew. Another counter argument is that if god was a woman wouldn't the Bible would have been written by women? It's still kind of fun to see the variety of oppinions on religion. One thing Kevin Smith could have done before shooting the movie is research, Azreal is the angel of death, not an exiled muse, and Loki was the norse god of Pranks. That aside this movie, despite it's radical views, does have a surprisingly good message about religion in our anti-religious times. Beliefs are too hard to change, but get yourself a good idea and get this DVD.
 Several friends told me how blasphemous this film was, but I tried it on another friends suggestion. I was very pleased. While  rough  in places, the underlying gentleness and wonder show through. This movie did  two important things - it entertained me and made me think.
 By the time this movie came out, most people had at least heard of Kevin Smith.  He was rattling the independent circuit and he had some decent credentials under his belt (a very successful indy film and a bomb of a high budget film) and he was finally given the chance to create a big budget film of one of his first scripts.  That script was a story of how two banned angels from the bible tried to get back into heaven and all the chaos that ensued.  Although it was HIGHLY controversial, I believe Smith creates a pretty good story without attacking any one religion and keeping the holes in his plot to a minimum.  Loki and Bartleby are two angels that have been banned from heaven by God and stuck in the second worse place in America, Milwaukee, WI.  Fortunately for them, Cardinal Glick as part of a "Catholicism Wow! campeign in McHenry, IL, has decided to make a few changes in the church.  Along with his "buddy Christ he's offered to forgive anyone for their sins and assure safe passage into heaven if they are blessed under the church's arch.  As the two angels make their way to IL, people on both sides of the yin-yang (good and evil) are frantically trying to stop them to prevent the world from ending (which is what happens when you defy God's decree).  Who will win?  Will God be able to defend his decree?  Will the Devil stop the angels?  Or will they pass through the arch and destroy all of history?  The plot is hard to explain, but Smith unravels it in quite a simple and definitely smooth style that it's quite simple for audiences of all ages to comprehend.  The acting is top notch, but Smith borrowed from some of Hollywood's most popular to help him with that.  Affleck and Damon give a great duo performance as the heretic angels trying to demolish all of humanity.  Alan Rickman gives a great performance, especially when he gets to couple up with Chris Rock.  Other noteable names are Linda Fiorrentino playing the lead, George Carlin as Cardinal Glick, Selma Hyak as the muse, and Jason Lee as Azrael.  I am not a religious person, but my mother sure is and I challanged her to watch this film with me and find religious contradictions.  Surprisingly not only could she not find any notable ones, she also found the movie to be quite entertaining (although she HATED the crude humor)!  The version of the DVD that I have really doesn't have much to offer in the ways of special features, I have the traditional copy that came out first.  It does give you the clean widescreen version with 5.1 surround sound, but I would tell anyone who buys this film to get the Special Edition which I'm told is LOADED with special features.  Definitely a great four film for Smith.
 I'm a huge Kevin Smith fan.  I love this movie, but I'd wouldn't recommend the Special Edition.  There isn't enough extras to warrant a $10 price increase.  Unless you're OBSESSED with Kevin Smith, I'd recommend the regular Dogma DVD.
 I love this movie and it only gets better when you get it in HD. This bluray is great. I highly recommend it.
 I will admit that I am a Catholic.  A devoted one.  But I must confess
 Even though I am an unabashedly huge Kevin Smith fan, I still believe this is a very good movie that almost all but the no-sense-of-humor-about-their-religion crowd can enjoy.  Although many saw  this as an attack on Christianity and the Catholic Church, I did not see  that at all.  Taken as it should be, as pure entertainment, this movie uses  the premises of the Bible to set a story about two fallen angels who  believe they have found a way to return to "home (heaven), and does so  with humor and humanity. For the first time, Smith is working with a  star-studded cast, and he does a good of making it pay off.  The big names  all provide memorable performances.  In particular, Matt Damon and Ben  Affleck show why they are one of the best movie teams since Newman and  Redford teamed in "The Sting and "Butch Cassidy".  They work well  together, and their conversations as the fallen angels on a mission are  natural and believable.  Salma Hayek is beautiful as always, but also gives  a stellar performance.  Linda Fiorentino, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock, Dave  O'Barr and Jason Lee are all excellent.  But, again, it is Smith himself as  Silent Bob who steals the show.  Silent Bob is one of the funniest  characters the grace the screen in some time.  He does more without  speaking than any actor since Chaplin. The story is convoluted and takes  time to play out, but the payoff is well worth the wait.  There are some  very funny moments throughout the film.   As one prior reviewer noted,  some who come to this movie with high expectations are liable to be  disappointed.  But, I will take the chance that the quality of this movie  will triumph, even in the face of high expectations, and give it an  enthusiastic recommendation.  A must for all Smith fans collections, this  movie is very good.  Not quite a full five stars, but a very solid effort  that falls just short of classic status.
 I've never had such a struggle about awarding stars as I've had about this movie.  Just to throw my cards on the table here, my dad was a Lutheran preacher and I've had my own personal, er, Issues with The Whole God Question.  In the end I had to give it 4 stars because what Kevin Smith has  had a notably worthy crack at doing is to try and reinvent the idea of  faith for a generation of people who generally wouldn't be inclined to go  for it.  And any film that thanks Howard Stern, John Milton and Martin  Scorsese in the final credits has to have _something_ going on. My  personal take on this movie is that, somewhere between screenplay and final  cut, it got semi-seriously mutilated.  Smith's published screenplay is more  or less what you see on screen, but there are episodes - such as Jay and  Silent Bob's muse-inspired outburst in a bar (all I'll say is that Silent  Bob raps) - that are cut from the film, leaving gaping holes in the plot.  That was the point where I began to wonder whether the film was falling to  bits. But in the end it's an amazing, sui generis mixture of cheesy  jokes and theological adventure.  I wish that somebody had had the courage  to make the film that Smith originally wrote, because it could have been  one of the bizarrest classics Hollywood has ever seen.  As it is, it's a  cheap-but-brilliant movie which overcomes narrative incoherence and a  crippled FX budget to be a genuinely imaginative story about the virtue of  faith as against the human distortions of organised religion. Linda  Fiorentino is great as the permanently harrassed  great-great-several-more-levels-of-great-niece of Jesus, who finds herself  on a quest to prevent the unmaking of existence; she has this air  throughout much of the movie of not quite believing what she's got herself  into, which is thoroughly appropriate.  Alan Rickman is splendidly louche  and drawly as Metatron, the voice of God; Jason Mewes as Jay is even more  hilariously annoying than usual, and Smith himself is proving with each of  his films to be a great silent comedian as the ridiculously taciturn Silent  Bob.   The rest of the cast are on flying form.  It was inspired casting  to have golden boys Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as a pair of vengeful  slacker-ish angels; Affleck in particular, with the benefit of some  severely aristocratic cheekbones, works up an impressively lordly contempt  for human frailty.  Jason Lee is also excellently sleazy as the  white-suited demon Azrael.  There are crackling cameos by Guinevere Turner  (as a sarky bus station attendant) and Janeane Garofalo (as Fiorentino's  co-worker in the abortion clinic), and Alanis Morrissette as YHWH is,  frankly, perfect, in the same way that Sinead O'Connor was ideal casting as  the Virgin in Neil Jordan's  The Butcher Boy . There's no doubt  that Kevin Smith is a brilliant and intelligent storyteller; I've loved his  previous films and I gobble up his comics.  His talent as a director is  maybe no more than adequate to the stories he wants to tell, but at least  it's adequate.  He probably ought to be writing epic poems, but then nobody  would read them.  This is a weirdly moving and provocative film; all the  fart gags and insistently low tone are of a piece with the central idea  that nothing of God's creation deserves to be denied.  In that sense, it's  one of the few genuinely faith-ful movies since Pasolini's  Il Vangelo  Secondo Matteo .  The church should be handing out copies after mass,  not protesting against it.  The only people in the film who are presented  in a  relentlessly negative way are anti-choice protestors, and whether or  not you approve of that is between you and your conscience.  I know where I  stand.
 That was the review in a local paper, and after seeing the movie I wholeheartedly agree. It is funny, brilliant at times, yet so full of overwhelmingly grade-B filmmaking that it should have made the movie  unwatchable. To watch this movie and enjoy it, you will need not only a  sense of humor about religion, but also a complete willingness to laugh at  the movie itself... it cries out for it. Armed with both these things, it  may be impossible not to like this movie.
 Dogma caused such a controversy, especially among a small but vocal group called the Catholic League, that the normally liberal distributor, Miramax Films, sold the right to a small company called Lions Gate. Weeks before the movie opened, the League sent out numerous letters and E-mails that asked people to boycott the film. If there is a lesson to be learned in all this, it is a reminder that we shouldn't judge things sight unseen. Dogma certainly pokes much fun at the Catholic church as an institution, but ultimately it is one of the more spiritual movies of the last decade. It's main fault is its tendency to delve into theological questions that many non-Catholics will not understand. It is much less insidious that the recent End of Days, which had homicidal Catholic priests running around preaching mumbo-jumbo.  It seems that a few thousand years ago, a couple of angels named Bartleby and Loki [Ben Affleck and Matt Damon] got tossed out of Heaven for refusing to do their jobs. They were banished to Wisconsin, where they still reside toady. In New Jersey, a hip archbishop is trying to make the church less stodgy and more appealing. The banished angels discover that when the archbishop rededicates a cathedral there, a portal will open which will allow them to go back to Heaven. All will be forgiven. There is a little problem with their doing this. When they go through the portal, it will prove that God can be wrong and is, therefore, fallible. Since everything is predicated on the Almighty's being always right, their reentry will cause the universe to cease to exist. Bartleby and Loki are willing to risk this. Anything to get out of the Midwest, I presume. Things are about to change dramatically for Bethany Sloane [Linda Fiorentino], a reasonably well adjusted young woman who works at an abortion clinic. She's definately a lapsed Catholic. One night a fiery angel called Metatron [Alan Rickman] appears at the foot of her bed. She tries to put him out with a fire extinguisher, only to find it's really hard to get rid of a persistent immortal. He wisks her off in her night clothes to a Mexican restaurant, where he informs her that she is The Chosen One, the one charged with preventing Bartleby and Loki's passing through the portal. He tells her she will be aided by two prophets, who soon appear as two spaced out drifters. These guys may be carrying a message, but they certainly don't know it. Soon the trio, aided by Rufus, who claims he was the thirteenth apostle, are hurrying towards their date with destiny. Along the way, they are threatened by Loki and Bartleby, as well as Azarael [Jason lee], an avenging angel with an attitude.  Frankly, any attempt to explain the plot makes the whole thing seem somewhat sacrilegious. The movie isn't that at all. Dogma can be defined as a doctrine concerning faith or morals authoritatively proclaimed by a church, and the picture is much more faithful to the dogma of the Catholic church than almost any film I have seen. I can only imagine that what caused such a stir about the movie is that it is a comedy. And a very funny one, at that. I still contend that, if the Church is ever actually damaged by movies, the harm is done by 'serious' psycho-babble dramas like The Omen and The Exorcist. That's because such fare, while highly entertaining, tends to portray Catholics as superstitious and as very vulnerable to any whim Satan may have. Satan isn't even around in Dogma, a movie which, if it does anything at all, promotes spirituality, albeit with a smirk, a grin and a multitude of profanities.
 This is one of those movies that will lose a lot of it's humour if you take things to seriously.  This will be obvious as soon as you read the  disclaimer  at the beginning.  If you have any grasp on religion (Catholisism in particular) this movie is a laugh riot from beginning to end, but as i stated before, people who take things too seriously might be outraged by statements such as  Jesus was a black man  or  God is a woman  or the existance of a black  13th apostle  named Rufus.  If you can agree with, deal with, accept, and/or see the humour in these statements you will understand the true comedy of this film.  If you are very religious and easily offended, this movie will probably not appeal to you.
 I am a big fan of Kevin Smith films,and dogma is no exception.I loved Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith's roles as two stoner prophets.I especially loved Alan Rickman's role as the Metatron,or the voice of God.Dogma is about a woman who is told she has to stop two arch angels from entering a church in New Jersey so they can re-enter Heaven.Sided by the 13th apostle,Rufus,played by Chris Rock,and the two prophets,they encoun ter hillariousness at every corner.Dogma should be funny to people of every religion.
 Kevin Smith has a wonderful and twisted brain. He uses his amazing ability to turn things on their head making you think about them as view them from the skewed angle. Dogma pushes the buttons of organized religion while giving the agnostics something to contemplate. This is a trip worth repeating.
 Considering this movie got made for $10 million bucks, it's better than it should be.  That's meant to be a compliment, by the way.  The DVD is pretty good (considering censoring on the commentaries and the missing documentary from...um, well let's just call them Di$ney), and includes an hour and a half of deleted stuff (a lot of continuity issues are addressed here, and a few scenes would have been nice to see in the film's release), plus there are some insanely funny outtakes (Matt Damon's theories on  Star Wars  seal the deal for me).  Add to that some rather funny menus (feel guilty for buying this DVD with the opinions of a elderly  church-goer ) and some funny commentaries from the cast and crew, and you got a  must-buy  for fans of the film.
 I thought this dvd had some really interesting extras but i found one fatal glitch.  It may just be in my player but if you try to select a subtitle in the directors comentary with video hijinks it locks up my player completely cannot turn it off or stop it nothing!  Have to unplug the player to get it to reset.  Never scene anything like it before in my life.  You will spend hours watching all the extras in this special edition.
 Dogma is a great example of how Kevin Smith can keep the New Jersey series going while not focusing on  a day in the life  stories.  In my view, Dogma is a good comedy with good acting.  Smith brings the bible to life (sort of) and makes it funny!  Affleck &amp; Damon put on a good show.  The movies content itself involves some bible characters and bible mythology.  For people that are looking for  Clerks   Mallrats  and  Chasing Amy  type stories, you won't find that here.  But if you give Smith a chance, this movie will win you over.  And besides, it has Jay and Silent Bob in it, what else do you need?!
 I thought that this Religion Fancy movie was really good!  I made good sence and will make you think about your religion is many ways, although this movie is fiction.
 Anyone who thinks this is a serious attack on religion missed the point.  It is a clever, funny and insightful look at faith.  My neighbor thought it  was weird and couldn't follow it, so if car chases are your thing avoid  this.  The casting was brilliant.  The last Scion works at an abortion  clinic. Cardinal Glick is George Carlin.  God is Alanis Morrisette !!!  It  is just witty and pokes some fun at religion but is is not offensive.  The  directing is a bit scattered and confusing so view each scene individually,  but strap on your sense of humor before
 You see Kevin Smith films for the dialogue, not the cinematography. He really is a great writer with a quarky mind. He has some fascinating ideas. A major disappointment with this DVD is a lack of extras. A commentary  track from Smith would have been great and made this one a must in a  collection.
 In this movie it says that God is a girl and Jesus is black that might be true or might not be but i think that is good because we think God is a man and Jesus is white. But that dose end up being racist and God being a man  is saying that men have more power then woman do. So I think this movie  says stuff about God and Jesus that are/might be true.
 I loved God as a being involved with and loving Her/His creation.  The Sion and The Voice were great.  So were The Muse, The Apostle, The Demon and the fallen angels.  The prophets had their moments, especially the  silent one.  Together though the film was a little too dumb guy for me.  Once nice thing about DVD's is that I can skip some of the trashier moments  and enjoy rewatching this film.
 This film explores some of the more off beat aspects of Christanity in a funny way. If you want to really upset some of the more shall we say less flexible "Christain friends and relatives who show up at your home. Then pop this film into the machine and watch the fumes arise. The thing to remember is not to take the film too seriously!
 Just a few quibbles though - the Golgothan (really juvinile, even by my South Park Movie lovin' standards), some of the rather stilted Ben Affleck dialogue right after they got kicked off the train and the gratuitous  violence of the end which I thought went a little overboard.  And although  I thought the two Prophets were hilarious, I like them in their  Greek  Chorus  role in Clerks better.  I thought that the movie was extremely  intelligent with nods toward subjects (the Gnostic Gospels, Kazatakis'  (sp?) Last Temptation of Christ) that one does not normally find in a  comedy.  Ultimately, one realizes that like Scorsese's Last Temptation...  that this is the directors love letter to God.  Smith never doubts God's  existence and explores the same terrain that Scosese does, except that that  terrain is humor instead of sexuality.  I suppose that if Jesus were all  man and all God simultaneously, not only would he have a sex drive  (Scorsese) but he'd like a good yuk once in a while too (Smith).  Just a  side thought - why are there so many movies celebrating anti-materialism  lately?  I found myself mulling over that while watching the boardroom  scene.  Think of all the movies coming out lately which have that theme -  Fight Club, American Psycho and American Beauty immediately spring to mind.  In a culture that celebrates conspicuous consumption, its popular cinema  certainly has not been reflecting that, and in fact, has been at times  scathingly critical of it (witness Matt Damon turning that boardroom into a  tollbooth from  The Godfather ).  Any thoughts?
 Anyone having to write about philosophy knows that the hard part is do it with few words. Twain's "sorry i wrote a long letter, i hadn't time to write a short one applies like a glove.  The true achievement of this movie is to be able to combine audio and video to express intense and charged concepts in a matter of seconds.  Agreeing with then or not, it's not the question. The question is whether or not from an artistic perspective, you are able to get "something from your time. The answer is yes.  This is not a philosophic thesis or and artistic master piece and hence it can only be judge for a piece of great entertainment.  You may want to also see <a href="http
 I give this movie, 3 and a half stars for a good effort. It could have been a 5 star movie if it wasn't for all of it's flaws, to me it seems like it was perhaps put together too quickly without thinking the whole thing through.   I believe what Kevin Smith was trying to say with his movie is that organized religion is bad. Bad because when it gets into the hands of people it becomes the religion of the people rather than something holy, it becomes manipulated. This idea could have been portrayed in a movie, but this movie is not the one.   The movie comes off as preachy in some parts, which is very annoying and corny. A lot of the reviewers here are angry that they bash the Catholic religion, but they miss the point that he is bashing all orgainized religion. This is it's main flaw, it does not make this clear for a number of reasons. First, it uses everything from the Bible. So a direct interpetation would be that Kevin Smith is saying that Christian religions have the right idea but they manipulate it...as for all the other religions (budism, hinduism) well they can all go to hell!   I understand Smith's point but he does not make it clear enough that he is bashing organized religion and not one specific one. Anyone that doesn't believe in the bible can be very offended by the movie because this movie, though some people say 'it makes one search for thier own beliefs', it doesn't. It makes one search for thier own beliefs within the bible.   I know that Smith was not saying that the bible is the basis of everything with this movie, but like I said, this movie was not thought out well enough. It was flawed.   Like I said, I give it 3 1/2 stars, the reason I show it as four instead of three here is not because I am leaning towards four stars, but because this movie had more than just philosophy to offer. It had comedy, and for that it is a very good movie. I reccomend this movie to anyone who wants a good laugh. It will give you a few! If you don't anylyze the film it can be very enjoyable simply because it is funny.   So to sum everything up
 During Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy we all learned to appreciate the witty banter of Kevin Smith.  One problem I had was that his burning, biting philosophy was coming out in response to some seemingly  uninteresting things i.e. a quick stop, mall, or comic book line.  Therein  lies some of Smith's genius, but also a crutch that is holding back some  fun, topical, relevant, engaging philosophy about things that can make a  difference.   He has addresses that issue in Dogma, a pure fun, but  thought provoking tale about love, sex, destiny, hope and oh yes religion.  If you are offended by this film (that is too bad) you have missed the  point.  I won't even begin to think I understand Smith's purpose, but this  is a film that told me, we need to personalize our belief and solidify our  convictions or the "Jays of our lives might try and clip our wings.   The dialogue in this film (vulgar as usual) was fun and exciting to follow.  I would like to see the PG film Smith has in store (the one he keeps  promising his parents in the credits).  The Davids, Mamet and Lynch proved  that amazing films can be made with a PG and even G rating (The Spanish  Prisoner, The Straight Story) and someday Smith will figure this out and  win an academy award.  Not that I'm too offended by him, but repetitions of  the "f word is the easy way out when an feeble mind loses the ability to  express itself.     The cast of this film alone makes it worth  seeing.  The appearances by Carlin, and the Clerks boys are lively and well  done.  Across the board the acting is solid as is the direction and Smith  fans won't be disappointed.
 i've seen this movie 1 1/2 times. and i just wanan say
 two angels,who were kicked out of heaven long ago,find a loop-hole so they may return.they need to go to new jersey.jay and silent bob go with the last zion,the 13th apostle rufis-left out of the bible because hes black,and the muse join forces to prevent this for if the angels get to heaven all creation will go poof!it stars matt damon and ben affleck as the 2 angels.alanis morriseete as god,chris rock is rufis and even george carlin as a bishop in the church.of the jay and silent bob movies it ranks second id say,but a lot of people say its the best also.it is the best religious based movie of all time!however,it will piss off all church goers.no naked chicks in this one either.chris rock,although normaly one of the most obnoxious racist bigots alive,actualy doesnt bitch too much in this one.he does make a good point that if there is a christian god-and lets face it theres probaly not-hes black.why would he be anything else?the world started in AFRica right?i abselutely love this movie!
 This may have had a much bigger budget than Clerks or Mall Rats, but it's hard to tell.  Scripting is fabulous; casting is pretty on-track, with the exception of Alannis Morisette as God.  Or maybe I just felt that way because she annoys the he** out of me.
 Item arrived quickly and as described. Some damage to the corners of the box but this more than likely happened in transit. Happy with purchase and seller. Reccomended.
 This was a very difficult item to get in New Zealand. Getting it on Amazon was very easy and was the perfect gift for a big fan of the movie. It turned up within the international shipping time and was a very reasonable price.
 As with Monty Python's "Life of Brian, "Dogma came under a lot of fire because it dealt, utilizing tongue-in cheek humor, with that most sacred cow
 If there's no such thing as a coincidence, then God herself must have chosen today for me to view this film--after I'd spent the past few months embroiled in various (usually) light-hearted debates about issues of  gender, justice, and dogma within the staff of the church I serve,   Dogma  simultaneously refreshed and challenged me  theologically. But don't let that rather scholastic review keep you from  seeing this picture.  Anyone who's ever put half a thought into the  relationship between humans and God, between theology and spirituality,  between  church  and worship--and, I have a hunch, most people  who could care less--will absorb just what they need from the script, while  being wildly entertained by some of today's freshest, most engaging  character actors. Affleck and Damon, of course, play angelic   buddies  as though they were born to; Fiorentino's cynical,  pro-choice, Catholic scion is so believable as to make the whole film rest  on her genuineness.  Even Chris Rock, not usually noted for depth of  character, adds a certain no-nonsense sincerity to the film's wake-up call  to the Church. My one criticism of  Dogma --enough to lower my  rating from 5 stars to 4--is scriptwriter Kevin Smith's obsession with the   F  word.  At least he diversifies it--it's used at various times  as a verb, as a noun, and as an adjective.  But still, comedic value  notwithstanding, just how many times DOES an angel have to swear before the  shock value wears off and we get bored with it? Still, this one goes on  my wish list.  Can't wait to share it with my classmates in seminary!
 A CATHOLIC WHO SEEMS TO QUESTIONS HER FAITH [LINDA FIORENTINO] MUST STOP TWO ANGELS [BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON] WHO SEEM HELL BENT ON WREAKING HAVOC ON THE EARTH AND IT'S PEOPLE. VERY FUNNY AND KEVIN SMITH EVEN INJECTS THE HILLARIOUS AND PROFANE JAY AND SILENT BOB CHARACTERS [LIKE HE DOES IN JUST ABOUT EVERY MOVIE WITH HIS NAME ON IT] INTO THIS MOVIE. CHRIS ROCK IS ALSO FUNNY AS THE 13TH APOSTLE. IF YOU WANNA LAUGH AT RELIGION, THIS IS THE MOVIE FOR YOU.
 THis movie is really funny, especially for religious people.  Sure, it makes fun of the Catholic Church, and it even suggsts cnspiracy in the church.  Alot of it doesn't make any sense, like God is trapped in a body?  He's GOD.  He can do whatever He wants!  Don't get me wrong I did like it!  A little out there, but still very funny.  Again remember it wasn't suppose to match up with the Bible.  Like God is not a woman, God is genderless, and Jesus wasn't black, He was Jewish etc.  But you what?  It's a Jay and Silent Bob movie, OK?  Don't overanalyze it.  Good for those ont sensative to the issure of religion.
 I must say that is one of the best movies I've ever seen; it's so sacrilegious and funny that it's impossible not to enjoy it. A must have in your collection.
 This is my slightly edited film review, I was feeling kind of angsty at the time when I originally posted a review for this so...., well now I'm gonna tone down the angstyness(hmmm, not a real word is it?) a bit and try and make a bit more sense. First I have to say, shut up to all you stupid uptight people criticising this film over its apparantly offensive content. It seemed to me like a very pro-faith movie if any of you actually bothered to watch it at all, it encourages people to at least come to their own ideas over God and religion, instead of either just blindly believing in God out of fear, or like most people, abandoning God completely due to Gods total irrellevance today in todays society. (No I don't mean that God is irrelevant, just that the church seems to make no effort to reach out and educate people about God and get them interested in real religion so to most of todays people, if they don't actually realise what God is, then why would God mean anything at all to them). I go to a christian church school and I spend a great deal of my spare time looking into philosophy - existentialism, So I do maintain an openmind and understand the messages this film is trying to convey to the viewer. (heres the ANGST - 'And personally I do not give a F**k if this film happens to offend anyone, if you don't agree with this film then fine, your opinion, but those of you who are so self-righteous that you refuse to even think about what this film is trying to convey to you, then, thats your problem.' - There is a genuine point in there somewhere though, it just hasn't been expressed very well - but basically you should at least try and view this film objectively and if your going to hate it, hate it for the excessive swearing, or poor acting, or plot or whatever, just not the religious aspect of this film - as it does essentially strike me as a pro-faith movie and is doing a hell of a lot more to get the average person interested in their spiritual selfs than the church is). Now on to the actual film cast itself, overall In my opinion the film includes some very excellent and very witty dialogue. The cast are great, Kevin Smiths best film I think, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are both very good, Alan Rickman, has given much better performances, but is still very respectable in his role, and as for Chris Rock, This is the only film I've ever seen him act well in, and in this role hes not just good, hes excellent. And of course, Jay and Silent Bob, amazing and hilarious again(wooooo). I can understand why some people may not appreciate the excessive swearing, violence and sexually orientated jokes, but the again thats just Kevin Smiths style so, you either love it or you hate it..........
 This is definitely a great movie - it's frickin' hilarious! Better than that, though, is that it has a good message.  Wait,  I hear you say,  isn't this the movie which had the Catholic church (as well as quite a few other Christian organizations) up in arms and worried about the corruption of the youth of America?  Well, yes. But it's obvious from the complaints lodged against it that it wasn't viewed with the proper perspective. If anyone were to look deeper, one would see that this movie actually promotes a more profound faith. It criticizes blind following and advocates questioning, which is crucial to developing true faith. (I don't care what your religious affiliation is - if you haven't thought about it or questioned it or answered for it or admitted to yourself that you're not going to have ALL the answers, you haven't made it YOUR religion and perhaps your faith is a little shallow.) On the other hand, if you're not religious at all, you'll enjoy the movie for its excellent plot and absolutely hilarious dialogue, not to mention the return of Jay and Silent Bob, who figure greatly into the film. In any case, this IS just a movie, and anyone who thinks it'll change anyone's beliefs is a bit paranoid. Give the movie-goers some credit, ok? (If it DOES change anyone's views on religion drastically, I don't think you can blame  Dogma  or Kevin Smith. It has more to do with the person's apparently tenuous grasp on reality. It's just a movie!)  To the point
 I was expecting a documentary of Glenn Gould, ie, with exclusive footage of Gould, short interviews, etc. What I got is a 'film' about Gould acted out by another person, Colm Feore. For those who are not familiar with this film like me, please be aware of this fact before you buy it. Otherwise, this film is tastefully done, employing Goldberg Variations to link the different segments together. One extra note for those using a region-free DVD player
 This is a great set of short films that steadily reveal the biography of Glenn Gould in chapters.  My wife and I already had the VHS version which was recently mangled by our VHS player. A DVD version will hopefully be more robust.
 This film is a treat. Unlike most biographical films, it does not attempt to provide a chronological history of its subject
 I like any documentary that tells its story in an unusual way. I'm tired of the standard, endless structure of most biographical documentaries
 First of all, I can't complain enough about all of the PG-13 "scary movies coming out. Even Wes Craven's new flick has been slated PG-13. It almost sickens me. Even if Saw was completely horrible, which it isn't, it would still get points in my book for at least being R. Saw proves to be a great reminder of why scary movies need to be R.  Saw is an uncomfortable psychological thriller that follows in the footsteps of David Fincher. Think of the savagery and bloodiness of Seven with the atmosphere and puzzlement of The Game. Saw is extremely well-paced, has some great visiual (often disturbing) imagery, and has an awesome ending you won't see coming for a thousand miles. And I can't stress the fact that it is rated R enough. What more do you want?
 Not perfect, but still a nifty little movie with a clever premise and a few good scares.  The opening of the movie is wonderful; two men wake up to find themselves chained up in a dirty bathroom with a dead man on the floor between them.  The rest of the movie, however, tends to get a little too formulaic; we have the bizarre serial killer, the obsessed detective, the good guy who may or may not be the killer himself...although the movie does move away from teh cliches at times and shows flashes of brilliance, it can't hold a candle to the wonderful film Seven.  First of all, the acting is too melodramatic; Carey Elwes and Danny Glover, among others, just seem flat and unconvincing at times.  The writer of the film, who felt the need to cast himself in one of the main roles, clearly needs a little more practice before he tackles another big part.  All in all, though, the movie zips along at a good pace and rates high on the "creepy meter.  The plot twists and surprises are devious and hair-raising, and even if there are a few unanswered questions at the end of the film, Saw still provides a good scary thrill ride.
 This is definitely one of those movies which you probably need to see to more than once to pick up on everything. A real psychological thriller. I'm still thinking about it a few days after I saw it. Especially the image of the character sawing off his leg and the state of mind he was in when he was doing it. Disgusting and disturbing.  It's like the movie Phonebooth in the sense that the killer toys with his victims. Putting them through psychological distress and forcing them to make choices. It is not an extremely gory movie but it shows enough to have an effect. The movie is also atypical in the sense that it does not involve a parallel story of police detectives solving the 'jigsaw' crimes and eventually capturing the killer. In fact, the detectives either get killed or go mad and then get killed. The fact that the criminal isn't brought to justice in the end adds to the disturbing nature of the film.  The movie misdirects on many occasions so that it can surprise you later. They give you quick glimpses of the killer, and just when you think you were clever enough to spot his face and figure out who he is, you get a surprise! Quite an intriguing movie to see if you're up for being disturbed afterwards.
 How people can just arbitrarily say what constitutes good acting and bad acting?  I've heard a great deal of people say this and that about Carey Elwes' performance in this film.  Most people say he overdid it.  Well sorry to say this, but I highly doubt any of them have ever seen how someone would behave in that sort of situation.  Overdoing it would be Jack Nicholson (Oscar winner)in the Shining.  He'll even admit it.  I think these days people are looking for reasons to hate any movie that is marginaly original.  Or even worse...when they see one, they get confused, then a little frightened and lash out at it.  "That movie outsmarted me! How dare it!?  In this..the golden age of REMAKES, Saw was a brilliant whiff of originality.  Sure, comparisons could be drawn to a bunch of other films...but at least it's its own movie.  No remake of the 1976 "classic here. No fetch and borrow from some piece of Japanese crap either.  Think about that when you go see The Ring2.  (edit and rebuttal)  Ok, I can see that some of the other reviewers failed to understand what I meant when I said that they don't know how someone would act in the situation Cary Elwes' character was in.  While I admit I've never seen anyone who's been locked in a subterrainian bathroom and held hostage while his family is being threatened....I do know how people act in situations where their families are threatened and they are powerless to do anything about it.  I work in a hospital where people who've been in fairly bad trauma situations come.  A recent example would be a pretty bad shooting spree in a church group meeting.  Without going into details too much, the son/brother of a group of victims arrived at the hospital a while after the attack.  He lost his father and younger brother.  His mother was still in very critical condition.  While this isn't the same thing that happened to Cary in Saw, his reaction and behavior was almost the exact same thing.  Held back tears, and the look of someone who could vomit at any second.  I hate to get all depressing, but this is the best way I can think of to illustrate my point.  I'll agree that the other actors in the film may have given a sub standard performance, but Elwes did a fantastic job of portraying a helpless man whose family was in mortal danger.  So while I've never been chased by robots with drills for gentials either, I do know the difference between ridiculus acting and a performance that is either misunderstood, or too real to be believed because its too unsettling.  I think because the scenario and performance of the others in this film requires a certain suspension of disbelief, his all too realistic portrayal may have seemed out of place.
 A decade ago I used to watch my fair share of horror movies, but at some point I started to have trouble finding good films in this genre. This resulted in a sharp decrease in the number of horror productions I watched each year. I am happy to say that "Saw was reminiscent of the good old times. This is a movie that has an electrifying pace, plenty of gore, thrills galore and a clever plot.  It all starts with two men chained on opposite ends of a filthy, rusty and generally disgusting bathroom. Between the two, there is a dead man with a gun in one hand and a tape recorder in the other. The two prisoners are clueless as to what is going on, with Dr. Lawrence Gordon being by far the calmer of the two, and Adam freaking out. Of course, at this point we are asking ourselves, what does the kidnapper want? But we do not have to wait long, and soon enough, the games begin. Adam finds a tape in his pocket, and Lawrence finds not only a tape, but also a key and a bullet. You can probably guess, but just in case, let me tell you that the key does not work on the locks that are keeping them chained.  The point of the game is that Lawrence has to manage to kill Adam by 6 pm, or the psycho will kill his wife and daughter. At that time, we also find out that Lawrence has been a suspect in previous murders by this killer. We then get a combination of flashbacks to previous events related to this case, and the ordeal the two men are going through.  The previous cases show us a very creative and twisted individual, who does not really kill his victims, but makes them kill themselves. In these scenes you will get a high dose of gore, so this movie is not for people that are even a little bit squeamish. If you like horror films though, I guarantee that you will be entertained through the duration of this movie and that your nerves are going to be seriously tested. There is only one reason I did not give this movie five stars; the acting. Both, Whannell and Elwes, deliver sub par performances, with exaggerated facial expressions that do not fit the mood of the film. Everything else on this movie is right on target.
 I was kind of surprised by this film in the sense that this doesn't fit into Hollywood's formula for making horror movies these days. Meaning that the system thinks that most horror fans have double digit IQ's. Then I found out that it was independently made, and it all made sense. It actually has a carefully orchestrated plot. It even builds up on a mental level and not just on a visual one. Of course, they're really are a lot of brain-dead horror fans out there who couldn't understand something as clever as this if the jigsaw killer made their life depend upon it. As far as the uncut version goes, I wouldn't waste your money on it unless you don't have a copy of it already in your collection. I don't know what insignificant detail that the MPAA made them cut out of this movie, because I didn't see it at all. Unless you're big into extras or an avid collector who can't resist that way cool bleeding cover.
 This movie is one of the best [Maybe the best] horror film from 2004. A demented killer who goes by the name of the jigsaw killer, Traps his victims [People who take their lives for granted] in difficult-to-escape death traps. His latest victims, A doctor [Cary Elwes] and a young man named Adam [Leigh Wannell, Who also is the screenwriter for this film] are trapped together in a mysterious run-down bathroom. Both of the guys are trapped in chains and are unable to leave. When they realize they've become the latest victims of the jigsaw killer, All hell breaks loose... This is a wonderful horror film that i would reccomend to all horror fans. This movie certainly has to be the best horror film that's been released in the 2000's so far. And, To top things off, This movie even has a clever ending that you'll never see coming. The plot is excellent, The acting is good, and The movie is actually more than just a whole bunch of murder scenes. Danny Glover [Showing up here as a former cop who lost his partner who's still in pursuit of the jigsaw killer out of vengeance] Turns in a good performance in this movie. If we had more horror films like this nowadays, The horror genre would be in great shape right now. Followed by a sequel, Which'll hit theatres this friday. Hope my review helped. Have a nice day, Be blessed. There is now an unrated version of this movie out right now.
 In terms of its ability to scare and disturb, "Saw is an A+ film. It's extremely raw and gritty, full of suspense, and contains some seriously disturbing subject matter and several now-infamous scenes of intense terror. However, there are several glaring flaws in this film as well. The script, while clever in some ways, could use reworking and polishing. A lot of the story feels sort of thrown together. Also, there are couple of performances that feel a bit amateur and over-the-top, namely that of Leigh Whannell. A little restraint can go a long way! James Wan is clearly a very talented director, but his direction of "Saw feels at times a bit unrestrained or in need of some tweeking (much like the above mentioned elements) But despite these problems, "Saw is one hell of an adrenaline rush to watch, and should please the most hardcore of horror fans. (FYI
 So many people have dissed this film because of the "bad acting, and "excessive gore. Well, maybe it is because I'm a dumb horror fan who is used to the so called "bad acting, but I really liked this film!  Don't listen to those neanderthal whiners, the acting is fine, and it was not as gory as I expected, but did have some great bloody scenes, as it should! When you pick up a case that has a sawed off limb on it, then expect to see some carnage...morons.  I'd catagorize this more as a psychological thriller. It starts off with a doctor and a freelance photographer, who are chained in a bathroom, on opposite ends. Between them is a dead body holding a gun and a tape recorder. In each of the mens' pockets is a micro tape with instructions on it. Through the dialouge, the viewer picks up on the fact that there is more to these men than meets the eye.  Won't say more about the plot, you need to just go into this without any semi-spoilers. GREAT ENDING!  From one horror fan to another, check this puppy out!
 I am a fan of Saw. Some say "gore-porn", some say original indi thriller. This 2 disc DVD edition is a great own for a collector of film and saw fans alike. I gave this 4 out of 5 due ONLY to the fact that the case itself is easily breakable. Like Saw? Do you buy every movie you see? This is a great addition to your collection... just don't drop it.
 The Unrated Two-disk Special Edition of Saw contains an oil-filled packet (intended to resemble oozing blood) in the front cover of the DVD container.  I purchased a used copy which was shipped in this original packaging.  On arrival, some of the oil had leaked from the packet and made the DVDs unplayable.  I was able to wash and use the disks but I had to discard the fancy package.
 It's good to know they really know what to do with those halloween body parts.
 This is probably the best one of the series.  It's a very gory and realistic movie in terms of visuals. It will make your stomach turn and your hand will cover your face in shock and disgust.
 I've only seen the first four...so far, honestly I didn't have an interest in this series until I started it, after months of people trying to get me to give it a shot. Let me say, color me impressed, this isn't your typical slasher series. Tobin Bell does a very creepy charecter, but he's a demented genius concerning what he thinks of in the series. This makes SCREAM look like Disney, I only have two complaints-the violence is very graphic, and doing 8 parts maybe overkill, no pun intended. However, I do look forward to the rest of them. A word of caution though, the images in these films will Not leave your mind easily, they could also cause nausea for anyone with a weak stomache, so if that's the case you may want to avoid them...like a disease.  August 08,2010  I've seen the whole series at least 4 times as of recent. I also recently purchased/watched the 2-disc uncut edition. Let me start by saying the uncut is not much different than the theatrical version-the twist never fails me either. The special features are plentiful unlike the first DVD edition. I do feel that Lionsgate should've retained the traditional clear case/dust cover treatment with the 2-disc. Are there any added scenes with the uncut version? Not really, dialogue is a little different in the end scene, but it doesn't ruin the story, I don't have the blu-ray edition yet but that may change. The plot of the whole series (to me, at least) is alot more impressive than I ever expected, in part one-the game per se, involves two men shackled in an abandoned restroom and they're trying to figure out how and why they are there, the twist at the end makes my jaw drop every time.
 The whole series is very, very gory, but at the same time has a very plausible plot line.  Definitely falls within the "Psychological Thriller/Horror genre.  Plus, it has the cute Cary Elwes of "The Princess Bride one of my favorite movies.
 At the time I watched this it was unlike a lot of horror movies that are out there. In fact it was better because it wasn't about going around and killing people with knifes this movie really messed with your mind, maybe you think because of all the twist and turns and was more of a sadistic killing then stabbing people. I really like this saw movie it ranks up there for me it's better than 3 for sure and I feel its tired with the fourth one. People will downgrade the movie now and saw it can get boring but these are the same people that were praising it when it came out. I believe the directors put a lot of time in the storyline and they were more active then the first movie. But this movie set the foundation for the saw series. It no dought I believe is helping save horror movies in the sense that it is bringing in a lot of money and the movie had a low budget. In the end this is a solid movie and you definitely have to pick it up most places you can find it for $6.99 a 4 star DVD for me.
 I just finished watching Saw and thought it was a great movie.  maybe I need to watch it a second time, but my question is are we to assume Dr. Gordon was killed by saw and Adam never rescued?
 My corny title is not just there to be funny in a stupid way, as it is also meant to convey to horror fans who have not seen SAW, thinking it to be another HOSTEL/HILLS HAVE EYES/any "let's torture young people for fun instead of trying to be, you know, scary movie, that it's definitely worth their time. I have not seen SAW's sequels (though I liked this one enough to see the others), but I can say that this movie is more in the SE7EN kind of vein than the torture porn flicks we've been subjected to over the last few years. Yes, it is quite often gruesome, graphic, and disturbing, but it is all accredited to a very clever and darkly interesting premise. We are introduced to our two protagonists (if they can be called that, as they have their vices) first, workaholic doctor Lawrence (Cary Elwes) and cocky youngster Adam (screenwriter Leigh Whannell), who awaken in a dark room resembling a larger version of a prison cell, each of them chained to pipes adjacent from each other. In the center is a dead body holding an unloaded gun with a gunshot wound to the head and a tape recorder. Adam and Lawrence each have tapes to be played on that recorder, on which a raspy voice, their captor, informs Lawrence that he must kill Adam by 6
 This was defiantly the best of the SAW franchise, but they lacked on traps, the creativity wasn't ver great, as the SAWs go on, they get more and more creative. This is a must see for any horror movie fan.
 This is the first and as far as im concerned the best of the Saw movies.  This movie is very original and the ways the writter has Jigsaw torture these people is cool and very disturbing.  Personally, I didn't see the twist at the end coming and was blown away, I think that is why this is my favorite of the Saw series.  Highly recommending, but be forewarned; it's demented.
 Many people are either going to enjoy Saw or hate it, and both for the same reasons - those sick, twisted games you gotta play to shed blood (and usually more) to see how badly you want to live.  Not only did Saw raise the bar on horror, it practically started the whole "gore horror sub-genre (thus leading to films like Hostel, and making it a rare find to not see a recent horror film focused more on gore than the classic horror scares.  Personally, I can't say I am in love with this film because of the gritty nature, but it is still scary entertainment to an extent nonetheless.  However, with questionable films such as these today, I still enjoy the pleasure of seeing if there is a positive message I can still hack out of this, and though it's certainly wrapped around in insanity, the message is clear - are you grateful to be alive?  This is where Saw gets my praise for being very original.  It's certainly scary at times and packed with grit, but it also has a side of it that makes you think.  Kind of a mystery to be solved, and when the answer is revealed in the heightened climax, its quite rewarding cause no one could have ever seen it coming.  The story uses flashbacks and pieces them together like a puzzle up til the very end, and just when you thought you knew what the puzzle is going to look like, it turns out to be a whole other picture.  The traps in Saw also carry originality, putting people in near impossible situations to escape, but not impossible.  Our villain Jigsaw (Tobin Bell) is no murderer, but he finds ways for people to kill themselves - which is usually the case.  The reason for the traps is explained as a game you must play (in Jigsaw's eyes) to test and see how much you desire life.  Generally those placed in the traps are not grateful to be alive, and these horrific games quickly put things in perspective.  Once you see these scenes, its enough to say "Yes I am grateful.  The cast is an interesting mix for a horror film.  Danny Glover is probably the most famous actor associated with the film, but the script is somewhat limited for his role that any actor probably could have pulled it off.  Cary Elwes is also an interesting addition when I think back to his roles in Princess Bride and Men in Tights...his character is the main focus in this film and his acting may have been better suited in non-horror films.  Tobin Bell, while he gets very little screen-time as Jigsaw and even then he is usually wearing a cloak, he feels like a perfect cast (though I say this after watching the Saw sequals where he gets a lot more screentime). Tobin Bell is to Jigsaw like Anthony Hopkins is to Hannibal Lecter - you see the actor's face and that's the role he was born for.  Overall, Saw brings a variety to a horror film, though really its much more than your basic horror film.  It focuses less on scares and more on what's truly scary - very disturbing scenarios that ask a simple question, and the mystery of events that is impossible to solve.  Acting - 3 Characters - 3.5 Horror/Gore - 4.5 Story - 4.5 Overall - 4
 I'm not exactly sure why, but I hate to admit I liked this movie.  It was blood, guts and gore at its very best.  Halloween sets the standard in horror, as far as I'm concerned, and this is in no way on par with that movie, but it kept me engaged and on the edge of my seat.  It's a simple plot filled with a lot of elaborate killings scenes.  I liked it enough to rent two and three, and if a Saw four comes out, I'll rent it to.  If you like horror with gore, you can't miss this movie.
 Back in 2004, Lion's Gate released an ultra low budget yet very inventive horror film that spawned one of the most profitable horror franchises in the past decade.  The original Saw draws inspiration from older slasher and exploitation films with some great ideas of it's own.  Two, seemingly unrelated men (Cary Elwes and co-writer Leigh Whannell) wake up in chains with a hacksaw between them.  They both are caught in a game weaved by a serial killer called Jigsaw (Tobin Bell) who claims to have their families captive.  In the meantime, a desperate cop (Danny Glover) is on the killer's trail, and it's safe to say that no one gets out of this in one piece.  It took me a while to check out Saw, as I'm not very much into what's considered modern horror movies.  However, it was good to see a new age horror film that takes advantage of the genre by offering up gallons of blood and gore to go along with stomach churning set pieces.  If there's anything bad to say about Saw, it's that the acting is very wooden, there's plenty of leaps in logic, and the first is definitely the best.  All in all, if you've never seen the original Saw, it's better than you might think, and definitely worth checking out, particularly for older horror fans missing that bite that the horror films of years gone bye were infamous for.
 When I went to go see "Saw late last night I was thinking "saw as the past tense of see and not "saw as the noun ("a hand or power tool or a machine used to cut hard material and equipped usually with a toothed blade or disk") or as the verb ("to cut with a saw").  What was I thinking?  "Saw is in the Grand Guignol of "Seven and "The Bone Cutter, and apparently had to make some last minute cuts to avoid getting saddled with a NC-17 rating.  That alone with give you an indication of what first time director James Wan and first time writer Leigh Whannell were going for in "Saw, even with only $1.2 million to make the film and 18 days to shoot it.  Adam (Leigh Whannell), a young man, wakes up underwater in a dark room with a chain around his ankle.  He is not alone, and when the light come on he finds himself is what appears to be a long abandoned public restroom.  At the other end is Lawrence (Cary Elwes), who is also chained to a pipe.  On the floor in between them, out of their reach, is the corpse of a man who apparently killed himself with a gun.  In his hand is a tape recorder.  After becoming oriented to his strange surroundings, Adam discovers a plastic bag in his pocket, containing an envelope.  Inside is a key and a small cassette tape with the words "Play Me.  Let the game begin.  Beyond that you really do not want to know that much about this before you see it, and given the dreck that passes for horror thrillers in recent years "Saw is worth the seeing in the theater.  The last time I actually went to see a film in this genre in a theater was probably "Hannibal, and I have not had any reason to regret being selective in this regard.  However, this is not going to be a date movie, but one for hardcore fans of the genre who prefer their DVD editions to be the director's unrated cut of the film.  "Saw is a film that works more in the world of horror films than it does in the real world, but that is certainly part for the genre at this point.  The entire film does not take place in the abandoned restroom, although that is main arena.  Lawrence knows something about the "Jigsaw Killer, who has been constructing elaborate dances of death in which his victims have to try and save themselves.  Only one victim has survived to date (Shawnee Smith), so it is possible to get out of this alive, just extremely difficult and we are treated to a couple of examples of where it did not go as well.  Investigating the case are a couple of detectives, Tapp (Danny Glover) and Sing (Ken Leung), and the chronology of the film gets skewed as the present and the past become confused.  The game also involves more than the two men chained to the wall, because Lawrence's wife, Alison (Monica Potter) and daughter, Diana (Makenzie Vega) are part of it as well.  During the film's endgame things are moving fast enough that you probably will not be able to figure out how it will all play out even though "Saw overplays the obvious red herring card.  The film pushes one of my least favorite buttons a couple of time, which is when somebody has a gun on the villain and does not blow them away.  If there is one thing we have learned from all of these movies it is that hesitating when you have the bad guy in your sights is never a good thing.  I especially go through the roof when a trained law enforcement officer is pointing the gun right at the killer and the killer still gets away (even Clarice Starling is guilty of this sin in "The Silence of the Lambs").  So there is some heavy handedness to Whannell's script that hopefully will be replaced by something more elegant when he and Wan make their recently announced "Saw 2 sequel for 2005.  But "Saw is not an elegant horror film, although Wan gets points for keeping the most horrific moment of the film off screen (even though the rationale is small budget and not true aesthetic choice, which makes me fearful for what will happen when Wan and Whannell have a much bigger budget for the sequel).  The "Jigsaw Killer has a warped interest in having his victims better appreciate their lives, so getting out alive has to do not only with Lawrence and Adam solving the tasks they are given, but also with finding out some important things about each other.  The important thing here is that the film's final scene is pretty horrific, even if the film cheats a bit to get to that point, and that even when the screen goes dark and the credits start to roll, Whannell keeps the horror going.
 I'm a hard sell when it comes to horror/thriller type of flicks (even though I was pretty surprised on how much I enjoyed the 2003 version of 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre').  And aside from 'Kill Bill' (1 or 2), I cannot remember the last time I was genuinely excited to see an upcoming movie - oh yeah, I can, 'Return of the Jedi' - OK then, so that puts this in perspective.  The clever thing about 'Saw', is its primal simplicity in explaining the human condition.  That is, when push comes to shove, a person will do some unsettling things to stay alive (remember that poor SOB that was caught under a boulder in the Rockies a couple winters ago - and had to cut off his own arm with a friggin' credit card to free himself?!).  Now imagine you're in a similar siutation, BUT, you don't have to cut your own arm off - just some stranger.  The bitter pill goes down a little easier, huh?  'Saw' if nothing else, is simple and unapologetic - and well it should be.  3 hour bio-pics like 'Ghandi' and 'Braveheart' need 20 richly developed characters and $100 million budgets - not horror movies.  Besides, a lot of great flicks have ridiculously pedestrian plot lines (remember 'Speed'?).  Moreover, if you took at least one social science class at college, 'Saw' is basically a grizzly 90+ minute version of Maslow's Experiment or the Prisoner's Dilemma (you may have to crack open a textbook to cite the reference).  Brass Tax folks - you WILL say to yourself during the movie, "She's not gonna do what I think she's gonna do?"; or "Please, don't tell me what I think is coming next, is actually coming next!".  Either way, do yourself a favor and see it in the theater because 1) It may become a classic on the sub-genre; or better yet 2) It'll become a big cult film - and you'll earn bragging rights, 'cause you saw it BEFORE the hype.
 This movie is viewed on two separate levels
 This film harkens back to the old days of horror films which were loaded with blood and good old-fashioned terror.  Many of today's horror films have left out much of the blood, but that is not the case with "Saw".  Cary Elwes (Dr. Lawrence Gordon) and Leigh Whannell (Adam) find themselves in a very dirty and unkept bathroom, each chained at opposite ends of the bathroom  to a pipe.  There is a dead man in the middle of the bathroom, lying in a pool of blood and clutching a tape recorder in one hand and a gun in the other.  After overcoming their initial shock, Lawrence and Adam decide that they must work together in order to get out alive. They begin to search the bathroom for anything that might help them escape, but the only items they find are two hacksaws that prove to be worthless in cutting through the chains that are holding each man to their respective pipes.  Each man discovers that they have a small cassette tape in their pockets.  After retrieving the cassette player from the dead man, Lawrence discovers that in order to survive, he must kill Adam before the clock on the wall reaches 6
 Saw is a mindblowing story that really gets your mind thnking, instead of just watching teenagers get slashed up by a masked killer.  Would recommend to anyone who enjoys the horror genre and enjoys and critical thinking.
 I thought this was a very good movie.  It had a very morbid feel to it.  It also was probably was the only horror movie I have ever seen that tries to have a good message.  I have read some reviews that say they don't see the point of the movie.  Not many horror movies have points.  Any other bad reviews were probably just written because people were mad that they didn't see the ending coming.  It surprised the crap out of me.  I recommend this movie.  It's worth your time.
 While it may not break a lot of new ground, this is a movie that, at the very least, makes the viewer think more than do the majority of horror films.  For that alone, it deserves credit.  An earlier reviewer mentioned, "The Usual Suspects, and I think that's a somewhat apt one to use.  This film has no lack of possibilities as to who could be the "Jigsaw Killer, and it really does keep you guessing until the end.  There are a number of violent scenes that I wouldn't recommend for anyone who may be squeamish, but the movie doesn't get by simply on its horror.  As for the ending, it's definitely interesting.  Personally, I didn't see it coming, and I was pleasantly surprised.  Overall, this is a good film, one that I'd recommend even to those who aren't always enamored of horror.
 Ok...that was lame. I apologize. I really liked this movie. I won't repeat all the comments already posted, but this film reminded me of a cross between "Seven and Vincenzo Natali's "Cube (if you haven't seen Cube, I recommend that as well. But avoid the sequel and recent prequel!)  The ending is just twisted enough to surprise, but not so out of left field, it leaves you wondering what you missed!
 I always seem to disagree with the great concensus when it comes to movies.  If everybody hates it, I usually love it.  And vice versa.  I thought Saw was a very good movie.  I admit, it could've been done better, and at times, it kinda ran on, but overall, I really liked it.  Definitely one to see.  Perhaps not a buyer (sorry Amazon), but you should definitely check it out if you get the chance.
 in response to what the person above me said about protesting a second release, well thats fine and dandy but, if your smart like me, then you would of known that they were going to release a seperate special edition later on(like I suspected and didnt buy it when it came out and waited) instead of whinning about it. cause most people do that especially with popular movies or movies that are going to be a sequel or remake so keep this in mind next time. as for my review on the movie, its one of the most original horror films ive seen, great mixure of seven and silence of the lambs with a great twist. cant wait for the second one.
 I had been told by a few people who had seen the movie that it was laughable and in no way frightening, yet other reviews here on Amazon seemed to speak from a different standpoint.  So, as a true fan of terror on film, I had to judge for myself.  I found the plot to be quite creative and intriguing.  The scenarios Jigsaw stages are intricate, alarming and bizarre- leaving his victims to make terrifying choices in order to survive his "game".  At the opening to this movie, you are thrown straight into the thick of things.  The movie begins with two men chained to pipes in a dilapidated room, with a dead man lying in the middle of the floor.  The story then slowly and deliberately begins to unravel, with each man ultimately learning why he is there.  Danny Glover is introduced soon after as an investigator on the Jigsaw case.  Cary Elwes surprised me in this role, showing a far darker side than he's ever before revealed on-screen.  The movie is suspenseful and interesting, with a good and somewhat startling ending.  It turned out to be far better than I was told it would be.  I'm glad I decided to see for myself.
 Not since Reservoir Dogs have I been totally grossed out by such a movie. However I found the director's twisting back and forth between blood and gore to the mental insanity interesting. I found my concentration shifting back and forth between the two, keeping me guessing and wondering until the surprising ending. At the end of the movie I found myself thinking `I should have known all along!' but I didn't. The director keeps you firmly over-analyzing and slightly confused. The only thing I found lacking was the development of the Danny Glover character, I think it could have been developed a little more without hurting the movie. Great flick but NOT for the squeamish!
 As SAW opens, two men awaken to find themselves chained in a filthy industrial bathroom without any memory of how they got there.  One is given the instruction that by a certain time, he must kill the other man or his family will die instead.  We soon discover that the scenario is the work of a serial killer known as `Jigsaw,' whose M.O. is to place people in sadistic set pieces from which escape is possible, but at great cost.  Like the killer in SEVEN, Jigsaw is trying to teach a lesson.  He targets individuals who don't seem to appreciate their lives.  But unlike `John Doe's victims, Jigsaw's have a way out available to them, horrific though it might be.  The sole survivor of his traps emerges a changed woman and claims "he helped me.  This is an interesting point that I wish had been given more attention.  SAW is a gripping, suspenseful and unpredictable thriller while it's running.  It wasn't until I thought about it afterward that I realized it just didn't make sense.  The plot of the film - at best - relies on the remotest of coincidence to play out, while many of its elements don't work altogether.  In the manner of Dario Argento, the filmmakers went for style and effect rather than logic.  I'm willing to overlook it in this case because I was thoroughly entertained for the duration.  For the benefit of the timid, it is perhaps worth mentioning that the film is not as grisly as its subject matter and promotional imagery would suggest.  The DVD of SAW includes commentary by director James Wan and writer/actor Leigh Wannell.  It is fairly interesting and often funny.  There are two music videos for Fear Factory's "Bite the Hand That Bleeds You - one rated and one unrated.  The rated one is actually better.  The unrated video requires the band and a model to act (badly) while singing the song and is kind of embarassing.  There is a "making of featurette for the unrated video, as well as a very brief one for the film itself.  Finally, there are trailers and poster art.
 When `Saw' was first released it took the nation by storm.  It was the freshest thing to hit the world of horror and it still to this day has a large following.  With `Saw IV' set to hit theaters this weekend the anticipation is already thick for what new and disturbing things lay in store for the general public.  With the sequels though there has been an onslaught of critics for the original film as well calling it an overrated piece of trash.  I feel that this is an unfair assessment.  The original film was unique and thought provoking.  Finally we had a detour from the abundance of prefabricated copycats, horror films that relied heavily on severed limbs and large amounts of gore to establish a fan base.  This is not to say that `Saw' is lacking in the gore department, or even in the severed limbs area (just what do you think that `saw' is for) but it's smarter than that.  By the closing credits the audience has been forced to really open their minds, turn on their thinkers and delve into the material presented before them.  Saw is gritty, real, disturbing and most importantly stimulating.  The film opens with two men waking up in a room alone with a corpse.  The two men are chained to opposite sides of the room, the corpse lying between them just out of reach.  The two men are Adam, a student, and Lawrence, a doctor.  Soon after awakening the two men are informed that they only have a short period of time before they are to be killed.  They have been left clues in order to lead them to survival but they must find and follow them.  Before long it becomes apparent that they are being toyed with by a mastermind bent on making them atone for past indiscretions.  As their sanity begins to fray they uncover that they are linked in more ways than their current situation.  As far as acting is concerned, this is far from a showcase that's for sure.  Cary Elwes is somewhat all over the place here and Leigh Whannell (who co-wrote the film with director James Wan) is very amateur.  Danny Glover is decent as is Monica Porter but really the only effective actor is Tobin Bell and he's rarely seen, only heard.  What `Saw' lacks in acting it makes up for in originality and sheer eeriness.  In fact this is one of the only films that have kept me on the edge of my seat from start to finish.  It has been compared to `Se7en', which is a nice compliment (`Se7en' is the better film), but `Saw' really is a film all its own.  Aside from the scare tactics there really is no similarity between the two films.  The subsequent sequels have been less effective than this original and it's a shame that Hollywood rushes these things because of that `it' factor, embracing a hot commodity to the effect of tarnishing a good thing.  If only a little more time and effort had been placed into creating sequels with the same originality and gritty flare as this original film then maybe we would have a complete set of worthy horror films.  Sure `Saw' has its flaws (mostly found within the acting) but it works hard within the script and plot to make up for its flaws and deliver one disturbing, horrific and gruesome good time.
 SAW is one of those movies it will take you repeated viewings to dissect certain parts and understand the plot and the importance of the characters, and boy are you in for one hell of a surprise ending when you see it for the first time. This is one of the best suspense horror movies in recent years, and hopefully SAW II will be no different.  SAW tells the tale of a serial murderer known as the "jigsaw killer who decides to kidnap two men, one is a doctor who is married to a beautiful wife and has children with her, while the other man seems very insignificant to us, not bearing any importance or meaning to us in the movie, except that he committed some kind of heinous act according to the the killer. Both of these men are put in dank room with dirty white walls and a mysterious body lying in the middle of the room (and we're to believe that it's dead). The doctor (played by Cary Elwes) is handcuffed by the ankle to a fixture, and the other man is handcuffed by his wrist, and this ultimately becomes the precursor of an evergrowing race to break free and stop the killer himself. The jigsaw killer is committing a series of grisly killings, all the while tormenting the two men he has trapped. The movie's tension builds and paramounts into a shocking and grisly climax that ultimately descends into the movie's surprise ending...you will never see this coming, trust me. It worked quite well to jolt my chill factor. And this new UNCUT edition of the movie is even more grisly. You are going to be even more repulsed by this smart horror film.  SAW spins a web of suspense, scares, and brains into a complex and jolting thriller that most certainly will prepare you for what's to come with it's follower, SAW II. Enjoy!
 This is definately one of those movies you'll have to watch a few times to fully understand what exactly is going on.  This movie wastes no time as it opens with "Adam and "Larry chained to pipes in a long forgotten bathroom.  This movie will take you on a ride and leaves a great opening for a sequel I am very exciting about seeing.  If you are a fan or Horror movies, then this is for you.
 I'm not much of a movie buff, but I do like Mystery-Suspense-Thriller type movies.  "SAW is one of the best movies of that genre that I've seen in a long time.  It starts off with a bang, and ends with a bigger bang!  It has lots of gore if you like that.  But most importantly, it makes you think and wonder about how things came about...all your questions might not be answered but hey, it's a highly entertaining movie, with a super cool ending, in my opinion!
 Great suspense and great plot= a great movie.  The only reason Im giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the acting sucked.  Well everyone acted well in the movie except for Cary Elwes he was really bad in it.  But good movie nontheless. Dina Meyer, Shawnee Smith, Monica Potter, Alexandra Bokyun Chun are hot.  I never expected who the guy was I knew it was the orderly but I never thought of the ending.  Really good movie.
 Sociopath movies usually aren't my bag but this film came recommended to me by a few unlikely sources so I checked it out.  When the film started out it was suspenseful but the inevitable comparisons to "Seven started to float through my mind.  About the midway point the film kicked into second gear and delivered some twists that are superior to "Seven".  Outside of an above average script for this genre type there is superb direction by James Wan.  Wan really has a sense for establishing mood and paces his film well.  About the only really qualm I have with the film is that the characters aren't really fully developed.  For those who are a little squeamish, the film does contain some intense and grisly scenes but on the whole it doesn't go over the top.
 Over the last decade or so, little has excited the Hollywood establishment more than the 'Thriller', or 'Serial Killer Movie'. (Well not all thrillers involve serial killers, but virtually all the major recent ones do)  I generally don't watch these films.  Sure, 'Silence of the Lambs' was pretty good, and 'Seven' was good too, but most of these films just look tedious and formulaic, and what little I have seen has fulfilled these expectations. Now we have 'Saw', and I'm pleased to say that it isn't really a thriller, and leans more to the horror side of the spectrum.  Sure, there's a serial killer in the movie, and the visual style is massively indebted to Fincher, but at it's heart, 'Saw' is really just a low-budget horror film.(Only about a million dollar budget, shot in 2 1/2 weeks)  These sorts of films can't complete with major productions in terms of acting and production values, so they put all the emphasis on ideas and scenes.(Well, the good ones do, anyway)  So understand this all coming in- the acting isn't going to be up to major production standards, and the plot isn't going to be as developed or plausible.  If you can't get over those two things, you aren't going to enjoy this.  'Saw', however, makes up for it in other ways.  It's got frightful, intriguing ideas and interesting scenes and a strong, expressionistic (if derivative) visual style.  It may not all add up cleanly at the end, but the scenes are good enough that that doesn't really matter.  Though I'm sure everyone already knows, the basic setup is this
 I must say this movie totally caught me by surprise. I almost refused to watch it thinking it was just another gorey, plotless, no-story, let's try to scare some people, worthless movie. But then I watched it. I was shocked. I will say that this movie was brilliant. Aside from subpar acting performances, this movie was excellent.  Now, this and SE7EN are very different movies but I will say that Saw was very comparible to that film. It's a look inside the mind of a psychopathic killer who believes they've got it all figured out and is trying to prove a point through these "situations he is putting people in, who, in turn are to attempt the save their own lives by doing something quite desperate and abnormal. I grow tired of movies that serve no purpose but to try to scare, ex. The Ring, The Grudge, Texas Chainsaw Massacre. They make little sense, loose ends are rarely tied together, the plot is generally insignificant. But this was different. The story really keeps you thinking, and you stay on the edge throughout the movie.  What I really liked about this movie was something the director accomplished that most try to do but few can succeed. He makes you believe that you've got it all figured out (on a few occasions), and everything is coming together just like you predicted, and BAM, the ending throws it all right back in your face. All I could do at the end of this movie was smile and say "Bravo and give it a good clap. It was brilliant.  I do have a few qualms though bringing it down to a 4 star. They are
 Saw will never become a genre classic like Seven or The Silence of The Lambs. Although it shares many similarities with these movies, it still has too many plot holes and quite a few thing going against it to stand proud with those films. So why am I giving the film 4 stars? Because Saw offers one heck of a great time, that's why.  The Jigsaw Man abducts his victims and gives them a challenge they need to meet in order to survive. When a doctor and a young photographer wake up chained in an old decrepit building, the only thing standing between them is cassette player and a saw. They find tapes in their pockets that they will need to play in order to understand the rules of the game; if the doctor isn't able to free himself and kill his partner in less than twenty-four hours, then his family will also be murdered (since they're handcuffed, there's only one real mean of escape... I'll let you figure it out for yourself).  The film is shlocky and the performances (especially Elwes) are often laughable. But what the film delivers, it delivers it great. There are many very intense moments in this one, so many scenes that make you jump out of your seet of make you cringe that it's more than worth the price of the DVD. One flashback sequence in particular is incredibly disturbing and so horrifying you'll be holding your breath until it's over.  Forget about major plot holes (the surprise ending makes no sense at all). In fact, stop thinking and just enjoy the ride for what it is.  Grimmy, atmospheric, dark and disturbing, Saw is a horror movie you'll want to watch with your hands covering your eyes. A great source of entertainment, if nothing more.
 i saw (no pun intended...lol) i was this at the movies and thought it was a great suspense thriller... it will keep you captivated and on the edge of your seat till the end. i have it a 4 star rating cause i felt the movie could have been alot better and more in depth about each character, puzzles, and actors.... overall great movie and i will buy it when it comes out....
 I am a huge fan of the horror genre, as long as it isn't a monster movie (e.g. A Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, Friday the 13th, etc.) and the T.V. spots that were in my market made this film out as a monster movie, so I over looked it when Saw hit theatres fall of 2004. I now regret coming into the Saw fan club late. Thanks to Scary Movie IV, I decided to go ahead and check it out and I absolutely love this film.  It progresses a little slow and the acting isn't the best, but what can you expect on a low budget film? Nevertheless it is a very intelligent film and the ending will honestly make you say "WOW". No one I've ever talked to that has watched this film has been disappointed, and no one has seen the ending coming.  This is a first rate horror film that every horror fan, or any fan of a film that has logic and brains, should see.
 Finally got to see this movie and this is a very good DVD.  Saw has a great premise and spooky villian, that kept me watching all the way.  It has flaws for sure, the acting is strained but its backed up by a few bigger actors on board.  Where it delivers is in the spooky atmosphere and shocks and the ending which I thought was really interesting but  I'm not too sure I understand it - ah well it was different and thats all you can ask for a movie.  Now must go see saw 2!  check it out.
 2004's SAW was and still is one of the best thrillers I've seen in quite a while.  First-time director, James Wan, along with first-time writer, Leigh Whannel, have concocted a smart, stylish, edgy, and boldly twisted movie about a serial killer whose goal is to place people in life or death situations in order to gain an appreciation for life.  This interesting concept focuses on Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and his cellmate (Whannel).  They awake to find themselves chained to pipes in a "subterrainian bathroom with a body laying in between them laying in a pool of blood holding a tape player and a gun.  Once the men find the tapes in their pockets they listen to their instructions
 When I went to go see "Saw late last night I was thinking "saw as the past tense of see and not "saw as the noun ("a hand or power tool or a machine used to cut hard material and equipped usually with a toothed blade or disk") or as the verb ("to cut with a saw"). What was I thinking? "Saw is in the Grand Guignol of "Seven and "The Bone Cutter, and apparently had to make some last minute cuts to avoid getting saddled with a NC-17 rating. That alone with give you an indication of what first time director James Wan and first time writer Leigh Whannell were going for in "Saw, even with only $1.2 million to make the film and 18 days to shoot it.  Adam (Leigh Whannell), a young man, wakes up underwater in a dark room with a chain around his ankle. He is not alone, and when the light come on he finds himself is what appears to be a long abandoned public restroom. At the other end is Lawrence (Cary Elwes), who is also chained to a pipe. On the floor in between them, out of their reach, is the corpse of a man who apparently killed himself with a gun. In his hand is a tape recorder. After becoming oriented to his strange surroundings, Adam discovers a plastic bag in his pocket, containing an envelope. Inside is a key and a small cassette tape with the words "Play Me. Let the game begin.  Beyond that you really do not want to know that much about this before you see it, and given the dreck that passes for horror thrillers in recent years "Saw is worth the seeing in the theater. The last time I actually went to see a film in this genre in a theater was probably "Hannibal, and I have not had any reason to regret being selective in this regard. However, this is not going to be a date movie, but one for hardcore fans of the genre who prefer their DVD editions to be the director's unrated cut of the film. "Saw is a film that works more in the world of horror films than it does in the real world, but that is certainly part for the genre at this point.  The entire film does not take place in the abandoned restroom, although that is main arena. Lawrence knows something about the "Jigsaw Killer, who has been constructing elaborate dances of death in which his victims have to try and save themselves. Only one victim has survived to date (Shawnee Smith), so it is possible to get out of this alive, just extremely difficult and we are treated to a couple of examples of where it did not go as well. Investigating the case are a couple of detectives, Tapp (Danny Glover) and Sing (Ken Leung), and the chronology of the film gets skewed as the present and the past become confused. The game also involves more than the two men chained to the wall, because Lawrence's wife, Alison (Monica Potter) and daughter, Diana (Makenzie Vega) are part of it as well.  During the film's endgame things are moving fast enough that you probably will not be able to figure out how it will all play out even though "Saw overplays the obvious red herring card. The film pushes one of my least favorite buttons a couple of time, which is when somebody has a gun on the villain and does not blow them away. If there is one thing we have learned from all of these movies it is that hesitating when you have the bad guy in your sights is never a good thing. I especially go through the roof when a trained law enforcement officer is pointing the gun right at the killer and the killer still gets away (even Clarice Starling is guilty of this sin in "The Silence of the Lambs"). So there is some heavy handedness to Whannell's script that hopefully will be replaced by something more elegant when he and Wan make their recently announced "Saw 2 sequel for 2005.  But "Saw is not an elegant horror film, although Wan gets points for keeping the most horrific moment of the film off screen (even though the rationale is small budget and not true aesthetic choice, which makes me fearful for what will happen when Wan and Whannell have a much bigger budget for the sequel). The "Jigsaw Killer has a warped interest in having his victims better appreciate their lives, so getting out alive has to do not only with Lawrence and Adam solving the tasks they are given, but also with finding out some important things about each other. The important thing here is that the film's final scene is pretty horrific, even if the film cheats a bit to get to that point, and that even when the screen goes dark and the credits start to roll, Whannell keeps the horror going.
 This movie isn't as good as some past mind @%*% movies, but it definately is worth a look at.  The ending is twisted.  I understand that Saw 2 is coming out.
 Sometimes the mind has tunnel vision. But details need to be ingrained.  "Saw is a no bones, graphic crime thriller. Knowing that going into view this film can only lead to predictable assumptions. Who is the Killer? That question is always in the viewer's mind. As a side note
 Playing like an "Alfred Hitchcock Presents on speed, "Saw is a no holds barred terror ride that lets you know right away anything can and probably will happen.  The title "Saw comes from the name "Jigsaw", the name given to the serial killer who actually does not kill his victims, but instead finds ways to get them to kill themelves by placing them in scenarios by which if they do not perform certain tasks -- they will die.  A sample scenario
 what would you do if you wake up in a room, chained to a pipe, with a dead guy that blew his brains out in the middle. Meet Lawerence and Adam, they wind up in a really bad bathroom, with only no clue of how they got there. They try to piece together the clues and find out who would put them in that bathroom. The only way they can escape is by cutting their foot off.  good movie, good directing, mediocore acting, and a interesting screenplay
 Saw (James Wan, 2004)  The people who are criticizing Saw because Cary Elwes' acting ability breaks down at the end (which is an inaccurate statement in the first place, but oh well) are probably the same ones who criticize Se7en because of Brad Pitt's infamous "what's in the baaaaahhhhhhx?"line. Consider that when trying to decide whether you're going to see it.  Saw is the best psychological thriller in years, perhaps since Radha Bharadwaj unleashed the most underrated film of all time, Closetland, on us in 1991. The story concerns a mysterious sadist, known as Jigsaw (because of a distinctive mark left on those whose lives he touches), who cooks up inventive ways for people to kill themselves and applies them to those whose wasted lives they fit with most appropriately. Even saying that much really constitutes a spoiler, explaining how the movie works would be even more of one.  I find it all too amusing that the pre-release reviews of the film were overall positive (before it opened, its tomatometer reading at the indispensable Rotten Tomatoes site was 86%) and post-release reviews have been overall negative (as I write this, it sits at 46%). What's even more interesting is that so many of these reviews harp on the gore factor. The movie had two full minutes trimmed in order to get its R rating. I'm still wondering why. Aside from a few uses of the one word guaranteed to give your movie an R rating (cf. the brilliant horror spoof Student Bodies), only one scene in that movie would barely rate above a PG-13, were I voting; aside from that scene, there's nothing in this movie you won't see in an episode of CSI or The Shield. Most of you won't need to hide your eyes, except in one scene. (Close them at the words "Hello, Amanda, and keep them closed for approximately the next three minutes.)  As I read through the reviews for this movie, I wonder if they all missed the point. I keep seeing the word "scary, usually in a negative connotation (as in, the word "not is before it). People, Saw is not a horror film. Se7en was not scary, either, nor was Closetland. The whole point of the movie, as with any mystery, is to lead up to the main plot twist, where you figure out whodunit. And in that regard, Saw excels like no movie since The Usual Suspects. In fact, were it not for that film, I'd have started this review with the words "Best. Ending. Ever. As it stands, it runs a pretty close second.  Since so many people in so many places are harping on the acting, this seems a good time to bring it up. Yeah, there's some below-par acting here, especially from Makenzie Vega (The Geena Davis Show), who often seems more like a robot than a girl. Elwes does his job well; what I assume people are talking about when they say "his acting abaility breaks down at the end is actually about an hour into the movie, when he really starts getting mad. Yeah, it's kind of amusing, and certainly not tense, but then I'm not sure it was meant to be. (If you're really criticizing him for his acting at the end of the movie, I'm wondering if we saw the same movie, or if you realized what condition he was supposed to be in. His acting at the actual end of the film was spot on.) Excellent supporting performances are turned in by screenwriter Leigh Whannell, Danny Glover, Ken Leung, and a number of others. Special attention should be paid to Shawnee Smith, who's miles away from her amusingly bad performance in the 1988 remake of The Blob. Monica Potter makes appearances, but mostly in the film's weakest moments; she's not really given enough to work with to see what she's capable of.  I really wonder if the people who reviewed this film before I got around to it really saw the same movie I did. Maybe they were all lucky enough to see the uncut version. Maybe they're just not used to seeing suspense films that contain gore (which would actually explain a lot of the seeming misinterpretation). Go see it without any preconceptions, expecting a mystery/suspense thriller rather than a horror film, and you will be mighty entertained. ****  Originally a ****, but half a point got added for the movie's last two minutes.
 After countless raves from nearly every one of my horror film loving friends, I decided one day it was time for me to watch "Saw, an indie slasher film premiering at the Sundance Film Festival as one of the "Midnight Movies that is widely considered one of the greatest horror films of its generation. In no way does this film disappoint, no matter what you are looking for in a film.  Let's start with the story. Two young men--a doctor named Dr. Gordon, and a photographer named Adam--wake up chained to the wall in a dirty, old washroom. Neither of them know how they got there--and they don't know each other either. There is a slaughtered corpse between them eerily clutching a tape recorder and two tapes addressed to each of the men. The message is clear
 With an unoriginal script full of plot holes, a limited budget, cheesy acting, and a twist (though a cop-out) ending, SAW could have been another washed-up horror movie. Instead, it became the surprise horror hit of 2004, birthed a new killer icon--the Jigsaw Killer, prompted two sequels (so far), earned over $100 million worldwide, and revived the movie career of Cary Elwes.  The film opens in a disgusting, dirty, disused, and probably diseased bathroom with two men, Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) chained at opposite ends of the room to pipes by their ankles with an apparent dead man lying between them.  The dead guy holds a tape player and a handgun and each of the men has a tape in their back pocket.  They each play their tapes
 These two guys wake up chained up on opposite ends of a dirty utility room.  Whoever chained them up was brilliant, because the hand saw they are given doesn't cut through metal, but goes through flesh and bone.  They wonder why they're there.  One is calmer than the other.  In the room with them, there's a dead body, and in each of the hands there is a tape player and a handgun.  The two guys each have a tape with instructions on what to do in order to stay alive.  The madman behind all this is nicknamed Jigsaw, and he put his victims in these situations so to show them how precious life is.  In his eyes, people are killing themselves with drugs and whatnot that they don't take time to appreciate their own lives and what they got.  As the movie goes on, we, the audience find out information on the two guys.  One of the guys is a doctor and doesn't spend enough time at home with his wife and daughter.  The other is a photographer who, throughout the movie, we find out that he's been secretly taking pictures of the doctor.  This movie isn't as scary as I thought it would have been, but it is pretty disturbing and intense.  I'm pretty good at watching blood, but when the part where he had to saw his own leg off to free himself from the chain, I had to cover my eyes.  This movie made me think a lot.  Life is too short, and this movie will tell you to savor each breath you take.
 What can i say Saw is a brilliant film, an like many brilliant films it is also low budget..now don't let that put you off, because it is extremely entertaining. Cary Elwes, one of the lead actors was quite irritating though, and the over the top gore could have maybe been grunged down, but saw overall proves a fantastic treat
 When's the last time we've seen a good, original horror film (other than The Ring)?  Still trying to think?  So am I.  At first, when the previews of Saw were hitting television, the movie looked to me like the kind of movie that really doesn't go anywhere, and has no actual plot, but boy was I wrong!  After reading review after review after review on message boards and websites of how good this movie was, I found myself at Suncoast paying for the DVD before I had even seen it, and let me tell you, my instincts did not fail me!  Saw was fantastic!  The twists, the plot itself, the setting, the suspense, everything seemed to have been mapped out perfectly.  Not to mention the film's few grisly moments which take it back to good old raw horror.  I notice a lot of directors out there say they tried to go back to good old school fun, but they never pull it off.  That wasn't the case here.  They kept the movie contemporary, but still managed to also keep it moving at a relatively easy pace, so you're able to keep up with what's going on while the suspence builds up on you.  That was a great credit on the director's part.  The only downside is the subpar acting.  However, you'll find yourself overlooking that in a hurry.  Saw is one of the best damn horror movies I have seen in a very long time.  Any true horror fan should enjoy it!
 SAW has got to be one of the most underappreciated films to come out in theaters last year and I decided to rent this film last night and let me tell you something, this film is probably one of the most entertaining films I've seen in 05' and first time directer Wan' did a superb job making a film, which only took them 2 weeks to make.  AS FOR ACTING, yes it's not that great but not bad either....I thought Dr. Larwence ruined it with his acting.  Other then that this film was really, really awesome.  People need to understand that this film was originally(suprisingly true!!)going to be a "DIRECT to Dvd and VHS film but since it was praised by so many fans at those film festivals, they decided to put the film in theaters(sadly it was only in limited theaters in U.S).  Obviously the Director wanted it to go wide in theaters so he had to "butcher the NC-17 raing so he could get his R rating.  Still this film is so highly enjoyable, especially for fans of the movie Se7ven.  SAW is a great film, not so great acting, great twist(oh my oh my who saw that coming)though it's a bit flawed and I'm not going to explain why, just go on forums and you'll see.  Sadly SAW leaves you hanging with abunch of questions and even worse, SAW2 is already in the works and it's being directed by a different person so I already get that feeling that the sequal will have NOTHING to do with SAW1....Oh well...  Go check out SAW....It's a really great film...  4.0 out of 5 stars
 Saw is a good movie. It's suspenseful, gory, and keeps your attention. At the end you'll be wondering what happened, and will have to rewind. The only thing is that it doesnt fully live up to its hype.
 For my part, it was quite an impulsive move to view "Saw".  I had no real pre-conceived ideas beyond having heard that it was similar to "Seven".  Although I can only give the film 4 stars, I can recommend it to all viewers of crime thrillers.  The reason for not offering a further star is that, upon reflection, the plot is perhaps too far fetched.  That point aside, the film was truly chilling.  In brief, two men are chained together in a filthy basement toilet area.  They each have a saw although the saw is only sufficient to sever a limb and not adequate for braking their chains.  If they cannot escape within about 8 hours they will be killed.  Through a series of flashbacks, the viewer is able to piece together a series of horrible murders that are all connected.  The connection is both the horror of the crime and the fact that the victims have a link with a local hospital.  Yet, it is only at the film's end that we come to learn who is the mastermind of the murders.  It is at this point, however, that the plot becomes somewhat implausible.  Despite my misgivings about the plot, "Saw is excellent drama that will keep all viewers on the edge of their seats.
 I wouldn't exactly call this "horror as much as a crime film, since there's no supernatural element in at all.  Whatever Wan was originally going for with this strange little piece, it really is a double edged sword
 "Saw", the new psychological horror/thriller directed by James Wan, is a frightening movie. Although I would not rate it as the scariest movie of this year, it has its moments by making you jump off your seat, and delivering a lot of gore scenes.  The movie starts off well with two men, who are stranded in a room with a dead body lying in the middle and chains tied to their legs. They don't know where they are or why they are there, but find a tape in their pockets. After playing it, they realize that they are being held captive by a crazy psychopath. Will they be able to escape in time without following the mad man's orders? Will an ex-cop who is obsessed as to finding the killer be able to track him in time?  Overall, the movie is a little above average. While I do admit that the plotline is somewhat different, and there are a lot of unexpected twists and turns (especially in the end), they could have redone a few scenes. For example, after watching the movie, I realized that the character of Detective Tapp (Danny Glover) was really unnecessary for the movie, as his character doesn't do anything to alter the plot of the storyline at all. As for the acting, I think everyone acted fairly well except Cary Elwes (who acted as Dr. Lawrence Gorden) who could have acted better.  All in all, if you liked movies such as `Identity' and `Phonebooth', then you might enjoy this movie.
 This was probably the best movie I saw last year. Besides the blood-rivers there's a message on the movie
 A very effective horror movie.  It proves that you don't need a huge budget to create a scary movie.  There are certainly flaws, but they are easily overshadowed by what is good.  The new uncut version is very similar to the original, but does contain more gore, and some new music.  Lots of nice special features and commentaries make this a winner.
 I bought this movie and i thought it was awsome.This movie is very suspensfull and had you at the edge of your seat from almost the start.The twist is awsome you would never expect it.They had a good choice of characters and it toke them only 18 days to shoot it.
 I got the 2-disc DVD within a few days.  It was packaged well and I had no problems whatsoever with anything.  Thank you!
 ok, honestly, watching the previews for this movie didnt really imply that it was oscar worthy. it looked like a bunch of uneccessary gore, and make no mistake, it is violent. however, its actually a very good movie. the acting isnt A+ at moments, but the story is actually very well written. the movie obviously doesnt rely on its cast (when's the last time cary elwes was the top guy, Robin Hood Men In Tights?) so it hits you with a plot that twists your mind in 8 different directions. the games the killer plays are groteque and may make the weaker audience turn away, but the lessons that Jigsaw teaches do have a purpose. the end was my favorite, if any of your friend told you they predicted the end to this movie, its a lie. it's so out of left field, yet still blows you away in that, when you think about it, its not illogical. no, the movie isnt Se7en (the movie that set the standerd for this genre) but its still worth the price of admission. fans of the creepy crime dramas are sure to enjoy sAw. hopefully the sequal is just as good, or better.
 "Saw is a creepy low budget film with high wattage actors. It promises to deliver tense moments and it does. Several reviewers have stated that it puts up one too many red herrings and, you know, maybe that's true, but frankly I love that stuff - I eat up Agatha Christy-type story lines. And this is somewhat in that vein - just extremely gory.  A couple of guys who don't know each other wake up in a disgusting bathroom (I think it's the one that Ewan McGregor went toilet diving in Trainspotting...)chained to the walls. The corpse of someone who blew his own brains out lies between them. They can't free themselves unless one or both of them can saw off his leg using a saw provided by their tormentor (yes, they try it on the chains first to no avail).  Provided with piecemeal clues, the men try to devise a way out of their prison, only to find that if they don't do exactly as their tormentor has stated one of the man's family will be murdered.  The cast includes Cary Elwes (Princess Bride and Twister), Danny Glover (do you really need help here?), Monica Potter, and a few unknowns (one of whom wrote the story).  The acting is well above par for such a film. The film is sufficiently claustrophobic when it needs to be and expands outside to give us a bit of breathing room only to reel us back in for more.  If you have a stomach for some gore and a few really good thrills, check this film out.
 TWO MEN [CARY ELWES AND LEIGH WANNELL] BOTH WAKE UP IN A MYSTERIOUS ROOM WITH A MAN WHO'S KILLED HIMSELF. AS THEY'RE TRAPPED DUE TO THE FACT THAT CHAINS ARE LOCKED ON THEIR FEET, THEY REALIZE A MYSTERIOUS KILLER IS PLAYING A VERY SICK GAME WITH THEM. THIS GORY HORROR FILM IS ENTERTAINING AS WELL AS VERY INTELLIGENT. DON'T READ THAT REVIEW WRITTEN BY THIS SITE THAT'S ON THIS PAGE AND DON'T READ THE REVIEWS POSTED BY THE REVIEWERS WHO THOUGHT THIS FILM SUCKED. THIS FILM IS VERY GOOD AND VERY SUSPENSEFUL. THINK OF IT THIS WAY
 Given that just about every movie poster advertising Saw and Saw II involves body parts, I gave the film a pass.  Not because I was afraid it would be gross, but because I've long since lost any interest of watching horror movies with an audience; movie horror audiences tend to be loud, scream at stupid things, and otherwise just plain irritating to anyone who wants to actually, ya know...enjoy the movie.  Someone finally lent me Saw (thanks Matt!), so my wife and I got the chance to see it. This becomes problematic when you talk about the film to other people.  "Did you see Saw? "I saw Saw.  "You saw what? "I said I saw Saw. "Stop repeating yourself... You get the picture.  Anyway, the plot begins with Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) and Adam (Leigh Whannell) waking up in a nasty-looking bathroom.  A dead guy is in the center, apparently having blown his brains out.  In one hand is a gun, in the other a tape recorder.  Eventually, our two protagonists discover they have a tape in their pocket, and a lot more in common than they think.  The first half of the movie unfolds in flashbacks as Gordon explains who they're up against.  Their nemesis is the serial killer known as Jigsaw.  Only he doesn't technically kill people; Jigsaw makes his victims kill themselves or each other. Jigsaw is a genius on the level of a Batman villain, a master of puppeteering, trap making, and disguise.  If you've seen Se7en, you've seen most of what Saw's all about
 The unrated version isn't that much different. But it adds to the movie. I think they could have put in alot more gore. But what they added was cool. I really like the movie SAW. So, I wasen't dissapointed. I liked the theater version. So, seeing a version with a little extra was a bonus.
 I wanted to start this review by sharing a few choice words toward the handful of individuals who said this was a bad movie, but better I think that I stay on the point of reviewing this movie. The mistake I think many had going into this movie with, is the belief that it was a horror movie in the genre of movies like HALLOWEEN, NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET, AND FRIDAY THE 13th, (which are played out and tired at this point)and for those of you that enjoy this particular type of horror, please dont waste your time on this movie. This movie is what I like to consider SMART HORROR, found in movies like SEVEN, or any one of the HANNIBAL, movies (where the flavor of the movie is built on suspense and the frightening thought that THERE REALLY ARE WACKED OUT SOCIAPATHS LIVING AMONGST US THAT REALLY DO COMMIT CRIMES LIKE THIS and that we, one day could become a victim to such an individual). For I am sorry to say, it sems unlikely that any of us will ever have to face the unkillable monsters found in Halloween, Nightmare, or Friday, for to me, as a child such movies were quite scary, but now as an adult, the fear factor of such characters are laughable at best.  Heck I'll be honest even when I went to the website www.sawmovie.com I was thoughoughly creeped out. I dont like to be a SPOILER as some are in their movie reviews so ill just ask a few questions (from the movie) to help you decide if youd like to see it
 This is a really cool movie. It's not just horror or just suspense; it combines a lot of the motifs in these genres to make for an entertaining ride. Critiquing this film is a lot like grading a poor student who you really like as a person. You know they dont deserve a good mark, but he/she is so darn fun and enjoyable, that you cheat yourself a bit.  This film has very good writing for the most part. Expect some funny dialogue and interesting special effects, along with decent acting and slightly better direction. Also expect to roll your eyes a few times in the film. But, the ending will make up for it.  I was really into the film until it came to that pivotal/climactic scene where the victim final gets away from her kidnapper, who has been torturing her, and has the gun in her hand, all she has to do is shoot, but what does she do?...she calls her husband. Yeah, doh! Giving the creep just enough time to attack her again. I mean doesn't this happen in every mediocre suspense film? Honestly now.  However, the ending of the film is so unexpected and fitting that it actually makes up for the mentioned flaw.  Overall, it's worth watching at least once. You'll never guess who the killer really is, and at the end you'll say "whoa! I work at blockbuster so I just got the movie in today,  Good look to the dvd I only wish their was more in it, all their is, is a few trailers and a sneak peak of the making of saw, also a music video.  I was kinda hoping that we'd be able to see the uncut version of the movie.  I don't know tho the movie is great tho perfect choice  great thriller for the remotely intelligent people.
 Aside from all of the negative reviews, this movie is a stylish, suspense/thriller with a gory edge and a twisty turny plot which you wouldn't be able to guess, until it's revealed in the end. It's been compared to Seven, and said that the director, James Wan has seen it too many times, and is trying too hard but fails to deliver. Well, if you love horror/suspense/thrillers and are in the mood for something besides the typical emotionless masked killer stalking random people and hacking them up, then give this a try. It makes you think, and has an underlying uneasiness about it. It shows the extremes some people would go to to save their own lives, and what they would do in these horrific situations. The victims are people that the "killer", which as you will find out really doesn't do any of the killing, has chosen because of sinful things they've done, because they don't value life, so on. It makes you think, and plays around with different concepts like
 Before entering the theater to see the movie, I had mixed feelings about seeing it. At first, it seemed like some sort of Texas Chainsaw Massacre rip-off, but I was definately in error. The movie  ended up being one of the more unique horror movies I have seen in quite a while. A doctor and a young man end up in a dark and desolate room with a dead man in there. They are both chained by the foot. After scrounging around, they find a tape and a tape player. They are informed that in order to escape, the person has to saw their foot off to break free from the chain and shoot the other person. That's just the mere begining. The killer doesn't actually directly kill people. He puts them in scenarios where they end up killing themselves (for instance, a fat man has to escape through a barbwired path to escape, but failed due to blood loss from all the lacerations from the wiring). When this comes out on dvd, I highly recommend checking this movie out. I give it four stars. The only reason why it doesn't get 5 is because it isn't quite up to the standards of the most profound classics, but it surely does come close.
 Being a horror fan i have to say that this movie met any expectations i had and had a psycological impact that i have not experienced from a good horror film for some time.  Overall production is slick and dark with great overtones of meance and horror, which is an achivement when one thinks that this is a very low budget flick with some  b to d grade actors (Glover and Ewles). Overall i thought the acting is good and though i agree that Ewles acting was limited i wonder if this is the fault of the director and pacing more than his overall acting ability.  However, within the premise of the film and with so much else going on you really don't notice the acting faults unless your being quite picky.  I find it remarkable that a film can be dripping with so much dread that you will find yourself contiually thinking  what would i do and the charaters then do it and in many cases without success (though i don't know if i would have even attempt to climb through a container full of razor sharp wire, id think id rather stave too death but then desperate people do desperate things and one only truely knows what they would do if they were in that situation).  The flashback of past crimes committed by the Jigsaw killer were quick but very effective and for a die hard horror fan like me , it still gave me the creeps to watch.  Overall i though the plot was well developed  and easy to follow and the killer had way more meance to me than John Doe from Seven. And the ending for SAW is far less predictable than Seven. I guessed before the ending of Seven what would happen and i was right. There was too much build up to the ending . I knew when i saw the postal truck that it was gunna be his wife in a box and i then guessed that he would kill John Doe and i then guessed this was envy the final kill, all too predictable.  However, SAW is one movie that i did not guess the ending correctly and was blown away (no matter how inconceivable the situation seems). Infact the ending did make sense to me because the killer is both mature and caultating and able to develop elborate plans to make his victims suffer. Meaning that he has the patience of a saint and is able to remain in control, cool calm and collective (and im sure there are killers out there like this , i mean there must be more serial killers than just the ones that get caught and are known to the public. It becomes a profession to a certain extent and with each kill they build there level of experience - so by the time yah over 40 and got away with it, you must be getting pretty good at the profession of killing and torturing). Therefore , it makes sense to me that he was able to do what he did. The ending, for me was a swift punch to the gut and even days after seeing it i think about it.  The film is advertised as a thriller and it certainly has those elements but clearly it does fit into the world of horror more and this suits the overall film. Horror fans should get a kick out of it while the more mainstream audience should enjoy the thriller aspects but may be a bit let down by over anaylising the horror elements. The killer does come across as a bit indestructiable and the scene with the two cops in the killers lair does start to edge on stupid as they basically allow the guy walk out of the building ( i mean come on, at least shoot the guy in the leg to stop him from being so mobile) but once again try to remeber that the killer has prob spent all his life gaining control and patience to be able to pull off some really elborate kills and escapes.  Overall, a very good horror/thriller that deserves more regonision than it gets and i look forward to seeing SAW 2 and finding out more about the man who likes to play games.  *GAME OVER*
 Out of all the crap Horror/Thriller movies that have come out in the past year or so this is the only one I really cared for. Decent acting and a decent story as well, here lately it has been none of the above mentioned in horror movies. Definately worth checking out and it has a good ending as well.
 As a fan of the horror genre who reads a lot of industry magazines, I had read a great deal about this film long before it even hit theatres.  It eventually turned out to be a far different film that I ever thought, being far more of a psychological thriller than the crazed, serial/slasher film that it seemed to be advertised as being.  Saw opens with two men, Adam (Leigh Whannell) and Dr. Lawrence Gordon (Cary Elwes) being held captive in a dingy, grimy, foul, and mold infested bathroom.  The bathroom from hell, literally.  They are both chained by the ankle to pipes at opposite ends of the bathroom, neither one knowing how they got there or why.  Between them lies a corpse, dead of a self-inflicted gunshot to the head.  They each find a micro-cassette in their pocket as a voice ridicules them as to the reason they are held captive.  Gordon is told he must kill Adam by 6
 It's a really freaky movie! It's all about what all you'd do to spare your life. It's really good though. You should see it. I'm looking foward to Saw 2
 Fans of horror, rejoice! After the crapsome crap that's been spilling out of Hollywood like so much blood from an elevator for the last number of years, here is finally a movie with a lot of originality and some actual, honest-to-god shock moments!  Although horror really isn't a fair genre in which to bracket 'Saw', seeing as how it's not really a scary movie, in the traditional sense of the term. No ghosts, no supernatural goings-on, no girls with long black hair crawling backwards out of the television, and nothing in the loft. Think of it more as a terribly effective thriller, set in a very grim environment.  To synopsise the plot, two men wake up chained to opposite walls of a disused men's room. There's a corpse laying dead in the centre of the floor, with a cassette player in his hand. Our two protagonists find cassettes in their pockets, personally addressed to them. And from there, they must piece together the events that have led up to their capture, as well as find a way out of their predicament before six o' clock... or else!  Leigh Whannell (Adam) and Cary Elwes (Dr. Lawrence Gordon) aren't great actors, so there's not a lot on offer for fans of carefully crafted performances. Some of the plot devices, too, feel a little familiar, once the movie gets going. And there's a lot of visual fluffing, in terms of flashy camerawork and overwrought flashback sequences. So what makes "Saw work so well?  Originality. The first thirty minutes of the movie are as affecting in their visual melancholia as they are in the amount of tension they succeed in building. Director James Wan's success in establishing the initial hopelessness and melancholia of the captives' situation is admirable, given that it's so simple. The story, too, is a more original version of a serial killer fable, and while the flashiness of the movie won't really cause you to mull over the nature of good and evil, there's certainly a strong backstory behind the events of the main film.  Set-pieces are similarly original - think of a slightly less plausible version of 'Se7en' and you'll get an idea of what I mean. It's not a very gory movie, either, despite what you may have heard - but the imagery that Wan uses is very unsettling in places, and very effective because of this. And performance-wise, while the two leads won't win any oscars for this one, they're by no means bad actors, nor are they unsuccessful in setting out what the intend to do - personally, I was rooted to my seat from beginning to end, and, in a time where bad horror has made it nigh-on impossible for us to feel fear in the cinema anymore, that's no mean feat.  All in all, "Saw is highly deserving of praise for being a truly original and very effective movie. It's well-made, it's tense, and it's very compelling. While rental might be enough for most of us, the DVD extras are enough to warrant purchase, and all in all, I can recommend this one very highly.
 About six or so months ago "Saw was the four hundred pound gorilla rampaging through several of the horror websites I frequent. Every other day brought new photos, new links to trailers, new behind the scenes stories, and new conjectures all pointing to the incredible potential of this movie. Those insiders lucky enough to view the film before its general release spoke in reverent tones about the carnage we all would soon see with "Saw. They furthermore whispered words like "giallo and "Argento to describe the stylistic aspects of the movie. Needless to say I wanted to see this picture in the worst way after reading such high praise
 Saw isn't as good as the trailers make it look, but it's still a pretty darn good horror flick.  The basic idea of the movie is that you've got two guys chained to opposite sides of a really dirty bathroom, and there's a dead guy laying in a pool of blood in the middle of the room. Neither of them have any idea how they got there or why they would be there.  In the course of trying to find a way to escape, they begin to discover clues and we start to learn about both characters via flashbacks. We all know they have a saw and that it won't cut through the chains, only their flesh. Is that the only possible way out? You know I can't answer that question. In fact, there's not much more of the story that I can really talk about safely.  The only actor you've likely seen before it Danny Glover, and some of the other actors aren't quite up to par during some scenes. We know they are supposed to be expressing horror or terror in some scenes, but it sure looks like they are trying not to laugh. That's ok though, the situations and ideas behind this movie make up for those types of shortcomings. Special effects? Eh, not so hot. There are some really cool sets, but the blood/gore factor isn't nearly as high as we had hoped. You're gonna have to use your imagination on some things. Lack of a budget or purposeful decision by the director? I'm going with the lack of budget argument.  One thing this movie does exceptionally well, and this is why it's getting 4 stars instead of 3, is setting you up on who the bad guy really is. They throw out some obvious fakers, and some subtle hints on others so you think you have it all figured out. Then WHAM, nope, wasn't that guy... what about?... WHAM... nope, not him, what about... you get the idea. Did I figure out the ending in advance? Yes, but not until right up til the end, and these days that deserves a boost in the ratings.  This one isn't for the squeamish even though it's not as graphic as others would like you to think. I do recommend seeing it on the big screen, and if you take a date with you you can expect lots of arm squeezing and head ducking. Come to think of it, that also might be worth another star.
 If you read my reviews you know I tend to stay away from horror movies, even at my old age they give me the creeps.  However, my family tells me if they are going to watch the comedies with me, I must watch some horrow with them.  So....I sat and watched "Saw.  I have to say it was quite a different beginning and really got my attention with the two men in the bathroom, just what was going on? We find out our killer is somewhat different than the 'norm,' whatever that maybe. He has a purpose,an intent in what he is doing and who he is doing it to. Now, to just figure out what that is and why. All of our victims have a chance of saving their lives, but will they pay the price to do it?  I think the ending was the best, what a shocker that was.  All in all, not too gory and really had a different storyline.  Now on to the comedies!
 Saw is not so much a "horror movie as it is a combination of "suspense and "shock value".  The plotline and creative camera-work and timing are unique and causes Saw to stand out amongst the plethora of generic gore films that Hollywood blows its load on every year, though the subpar acting of of several otherwise respectected stars makes the acting a hinderance to the story.  It must be noted that this film is definately not for anyone with a weak stomach or who is succeptible to bouts of insomnia.  And it is ABSOLUTELY not for children.  This is not the stereotypical "I still have some issues with what you did last summer mind dump.  The subject matter is meant for mature minds.  Though not quite on par with others of its ilk, Saw can hold its own amongst such notable titles as Se7en and Silence of the Lambs, though some questionable directing and lamentable acting keep it just shy of movie nirvana.
 ...and if you do see it coming (I've talked to people who know some who have) then you need to take a break from the horror movies and get out more. It will probably catch most by surprise; it sure did me.  Don't watch this movie if you're expecting a scare. It doesn't even really have the creep factor even. Don't watch it if you don't like bloody violence. Watch it, instead, for something unique to rub elbows with all the carbon-copy movies and things out there today. Everything nowadays seems to copy everything else, for better or worse. Who woulda thought a low-budget movie like Saw would come up and kick people awake from the monotony of sameness?  Sure, the show has its faults. Acting, for one, is definately at best B-grade (that's being nice, too). However, it doesn't quite go to laughable territory, which is good. Some parts will make you reflect going, what were they thinking? But by the end, you should hopefully be surprised (and a little repulsed - it's called Saw, people...I'll give you five guesses on what happens.)  One reviewer hinted that the reason they (DEFINES REASON FOR TITLE - SPOILER TO SOME???) didn't show the guy hacking his leg off (I sure don't think that's a spoiler, sorry if it is) is that budget restricted it. They expressed concern of a bigger budget for what must be the rumored Saw 2. Me, I express concern for a sequel to this movie, period. Two, I don't think they cut that (no pun intended) for money reasons. I think it may have been for ratings, people. By the end, plenty of brutalities has happened, and watching some guy rip his own foot off would probably push it past acceptable R-territory.  Anyway, it's a good one to rent once while its semi-new and talk with friends about. Definately not one to learn acting skills from, though 
 I've been eagerly anticipating the release of this DVD for some time since I missed it when it was out in theaters. I had heard all the bad press it got but refused to believe Danny Glover would make a bad movie. My opinion was proven right but his character is a bit obsessed in this movie. He plays one of the cops chasing the Jigsaw Killer. After seeing his partner be murdered, quite brilliantly I might add, he becomes obsessed with finding who the killer is even after being discharged. He is convinced that a man named Lawrence is the killer and stakes his place out. That's all I will say about his character. The movie starts off amazingly well, two men wake up in a room chained to pipes with a dead body in the middle of the room. It progresses rather quickly with Lawrence, a doctor, explaining about a few of the deaths to Adam. It may just be me but I didn't find Cary Elwes' (Lawrence) acting to be very believable at times. Leigh Whannell (Adam), however, was very convincing and made his character very understandable. The plot is about as good as you get in this day-and-age. A cheap rip-off of Seven? Maybe. But this movie is executed very well. It keeps you guessing throughout, even when you think you have everything figured out. The deaths featured in the film are gruesome and extremely raw, a nice visual compared to other movies' deaths. This movie also contains one of the best endings to a psychological/horror movie I have seen, you're jaw will be on the floor. Overall this movie is very enjoyable and doesn't stoop to the cheap scares as you might expect. The horror mounts throughout and is more in the atmosphere of the movie because you know what might happen and you just dread the thought of it. There's not enough movies with that aspect to it anymore, so for that alone, this movie is worth it. Worthy acting and a great plot only makes this movie better.
 Plot is a bit sloppy but if you like "B thrillers you should love this one.  Not for everyone and not I what I expected, but like it or not you will be talking about the ending for quite a while.
 "Saw is the suspense horror film to buy on DVD for this first quarter of 2005. After hearing mixed opinions about the movie, I felt that there was only one thing to do, ..see the movie for myself. I wasn't among those that were disappointed. Although the acting was a bit rusted (not by all), it was easily tolerable. The film had plenty of suspense, chills, and thrills around every unexpected twist and turn. Sure, there are those who knew what was going to happen next, but did they really? I found the idea of the movie fresh. I welcomed each intense moment. I'm not much on breaking things down in a movie review. I just recommend them or not. In this case I recommend "Saw to those who like well paced horror. However, if movies like "The Grudge scare you. Avoid this and save money on a therapy  bill.
 SAW is a welcome relief to the serial killer film genre.  It is both clever and interesting. There is a lot to take in, but that is a good thing. It focusses on two men who wake up in an old change room/toilet chained to the plumbing.  But how did they get there.  It's all a puzzle, and I doubt any viewer could have seen the ending coming. Once again, very clever.  SAW is the work of two Australian scripwriters, one of whom plays a lead role in the film. It was originally intended as a straight-to-video film but impressed the right people and gained a cinema run world-wide.  Rumoured to have been severely cut in places to enable a moderate rating, fans of the film will no doubt hope the DVD release features the full uncut version.  I will add that even the cut version is not for the squeamish.
 This was a good movie, but the second one totally kicks this ones ass. But you should watch the first before you see the second or you'll be sorta lost. basically watch both of them.
 I've heard so many good (and not so good) reviews of this, I've been teetering between either buying or renting. Well, I just bought this and wait until you see the packaging - there's actual blood sealed inside the front, clear cover and it moves all around!! Not only that, but there's a minature saw blade that moves too. It defintely pushed me over the edge. Hopefully the movie is as good (especially "uncut") and creative as the package it came in. I'll know soon enough. If only more studios had it in them to be this inspired (and willing to spend the cash).
 When I saw this movie in the theatres, I left thinking with mixed thoughts.  On one hand, this movie is incredibly raw and visceral.  It gets under your skin with its disturbing images and ideas.  On the other hand, we have the most horrible acting jobs by some very talented AAA actors.  Danny Glover plays a cop who is tracking the Jigsaw killer.  Cary Elwes is playing one of the possible victims of said killer who finds himself locked in a dingy restroom with two people, one in the center of the room who apparently blew his brains out and another unfortunate soul locked on the other end of the restroom.  It seems that the Jigsaw killer has been kidnapping people and finds ingenuously creepy ways for them to kill themselves.  He never really does the act of it, but makes it so that it's virtually impossible for one to survive.  That is the premise for the movie, and I won't spoil anything else.  Part of the reason I liked this movie was because of the pacing.  I found the movie to be expertly paced, with mounting tension and a lot of dread.  You wonder how or even if the two victims will ever make it out alive.  The other reason I enjoyed the movie was the way it set up the past of former victims and current victims, even pulling in Danny Glover's character in interesting ways.  There is a thread that holds everyone together and I found it incredibly fascinating.  One thing reviewers have aptly mentioned is the gore.  This movie was a few shots over the R rating and had to be scaled down.  It is not for the squeamish.  If you've seen Se7en, you'll understand a portion of what the movie has to offer.  It's actually very surreal like Se7en and I think that movie is the closest I can compare to Saw.  So, we have great pacing, good actors, an interesting (if ultimately unplausable in some spoiler aspects which I won't mention) story, good gore and some nice suspence.  What holds it back?  The acting.  The acting is amateurish in spots and really detracts from at least two major scenes.  Where it really hurts the movie is at the climax.  This is supposed to be a fearsome, horrible, scary moment and instead I laughed because of Cary Elwes.  I hate to say it, but it really ruined what suspense had been building.  My other complaint with the climatic moment involving the title stems from a very sudden change in the character.  You know it's going to happen because it's been talked about constantly.  Yet, the motivation for the character to do it seemed a bit forced.  I think it would have been much much more effective if we saw the GRADUAL drive towards the act, not an instant jump.  I think his character could have been more effectively developed.  But that is just a preference as a plot buff.  My 4 star review, then, comes from the fact that the movie was done a very small budget.  They shot the entire movie in 18 days because they could not afford any longer.  That means that each scene was not really a "final cut.  Instead they had to go with first or second takes simply because of funding.  The acting becomes understandable under that constraint.  In the end, this movie doesn't have many jump out, cheap scares.  It has a more subtle terror that gets under your skin and makes you look under your car and in your closet before you go to sleep.  It's terrifying in a non-normal Hollywood way.  It's in your face and visceral.  In all honesty, if you like crime thrillers like Se7en, if you like horror movies, and if you aren't squeamish, then this is definitely a horror movie to see.  There are enough twists and turns and suspense to overshadow the poor acting.  Recommend a rent and possibly a buy.
 For those tired of the "California-teens-are-picked-off-one-by-one horror/thriller film premise should find much pleasure in "Saw. From the get-go, "Saw is a disturbing game of master and servant as "the Jigsaw Killer rounds-up disenchanted individuals and makes them pay for their own carelessness. A man who tried to take his own life by slicing his wrist was forced to decide on whether to die in a cell or navigate a path through barbed wire to reach the exit to freedom. A sort of test for these people who've previously made horrible choices in their life. Even the female early on in the movie who managed to get away from the killer (via succeeding in HER game) said that the experience changed her for the better.  A twisted vigilante for sure, but the evil lead doesn't tug on anyone's sympathies for long as "Adam and "Lawrence are forced to work together (yet against each other) to stay alive.  While the acting amongst all characters isn't exactly Oscar-quality, you can't go into the movie thinking that's what's to be expected. This is an extraordinarily unique movie and should be treated as a morbid look at the human condition in times of stress and life/death. As well, the creepy games (like the one Mr. Suicide played above) that the victims must play in order to live are creative and compelling.  Fans of Rockstar Games' "Manhunt should enjoy "Saw immensely, by the way. The Jigsaw Killer and the Director from said game are very similar in approach and technique.  Do not, however, be fooled by the grisly imagery of the DVD cover or any other mediums used to advertise the movie. This isn't a bloodbath. Some may be disturbed by the content, but most horror-philes should find it tame.
 I liked this movie a lot, I don't get all the negative reviews. However, I have a different complaint than most people though
 Beyond a doubt, this is one of the sickest, creepiest, strange, wierd horror/psychological thrillers you will ever see.  I rate it right up there with Takashi Miike's "Audition".  If you like to be scared...I mean really freaked out...this one's for you!
 Overall this is a good horror movie. It is one of the most brutal movies easily. However there are some problems.  SPOILERS! BEWARE! Read at your own risk.  1st off the detectives suffer from stupid cop syndrome. They go to the suspects place and break in without a warrant. I'm no lawyer but I know all evidence they find from that point on is inadmissable in a court of law (rightly so). At that point you want the killer to kill them because these detectives are so stupid.  The way the killer toyed with his victims is great, plus as they point out he never actually kills anybody. The ending of where the killer is was great but I do have problems with the actual killers identity. The major flaw of the film is the killer himself. A man dying of an inoperable brain tumor will not have the energy to build elaborate razor wire pits, iron death masks, or just have the strength to overpower their victims every time to capture them. No doubt in the sequel they'll find him in a cancer ward. Making the killer like this took away the believability.  Overall this movie is enjoyable to watch and is recommended if you like serial killer movies.
 4 1/2 Stars = Minor Masterpiece  With the glut of the so called "torture porn genre over the last ten years, & myself being 52 years old & weaned on monster/ghost movies, I just didn't have the time nor desire to watch "Saw. A movie that is majorly responsible for this masochistic horror sub-genre, that's really is only an excuse to see people graphically tortured & mutilated, without any redeeming qualities. I was WRONG!  I had just got Netflix streaming & there was "Saw. I thought to myself, why not, lets see what all the hoopla is about. I mean a film that is pretty much responsible for a whole horror sub-genre, has to have something going for it, right? Right! I was very pleasantly surprised! Here we have a film with a white knuckled terrific plot, what would you do to save yourself? Great acting, an intelligent script, great pacing & direction, & it was more than just a torture porn flick, it had redeeming qualities & characters. It was not what I expected at all! It was actually closer to films like "Silence of the Lambs & "Seven, & was the best film of that ilk since those great movies! I was almost dumbfounded, & thought, why did I wait so long!  "Saw is a movie that every horror & non-horror fan should see. It is a shining example of how to get much mileage out of a film, with no gas money. Though I'm not inspired to check out it's sequels, as most sequels get progressively worse, this is a film I'll watch many more times, & recommend!  A cutting edge film!
 Up to this point, I had avoided watching any of the Saw movies. I'm a definite fan of horror movies, but a gore fest is not my idea of entertainment. I just ignored the hype over the whole series because of the basic premise, until now. The plot is nothing special, nor is the acting, but I have to say I enjoyed it. It wasn't overly bloody like I figured it would be and there was enough plot twists and suspense that kept me captivated. I wouldn't recommend it to the squeamish, but for all the horror fans out there, its worth the money to rent.
 This is where the games began, and started an entire franchise of Saw films. Before there was Hoffman, Strahm, Jill, and Erickson, it was just Jigsaw testing Adam and Dr. Lawrence Gordon in an old dirty and filthy bathroom with a dead body in the middle. They hear a tape by Jigsaw that tells Dr. Gordon to kill Adam by 6
 Horror films are definitely a mixed bag when it comes to quality. There are some horror films that are really good, meaning they have a solid story, genuine thrills, and leave you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. Examples of good horror films are "Final Destination", the `Scream' trilogy, and the classic "Halloween". But for every really solid effort in the horror genre there are about 10 terrible entries that give the genre a bad name, most of these inferior entries consist of sequels to average or above average horror movies that are made for nothing more than cashing in on the original film's success and hopefully making a little money before fading quickly from the public's memory. In 2004, amidst a crop of forgettable horror releases, one horror movie caught audiences completely by surprise with its in-your-face brand of terror that hadn't been seen in most horror films, with a surprisingly strong story that was full of twists and turns that would make any mystery fan happy, and a fairly solid cast of actors that didn't consist of fresh-faced teenagers that barely have any acting experience. The movie I'm referring to was the smash hit "Saw from director James Wan ("Death Sentence"), and starring Danny Glover (`Lethal Weapon' series), Cary Elwes ("Robin Hood
 I heard this was a good film through some friends and considering it was the week of halloween I thought celebrate with a good scary movie. I don't really care for movies that have a gotcha or someones going to getcha theme. This really played into the mind I figured out almost right away who the guy was but I really liked it any way. In fact the point of the movie is to make you appreciate your life. I got out of it what I needed a little scared but not grossed out by blood.
 This movie was deliberately shot in a grainy style.  It is not the fault of Blu-ray.  The movie does not look excellent, but it does look very good.  It is difficult to judge a movie with such a different style of filming...kind of like 300.  Either you think it is Extraordinary, or bad...all due to the filming.  I would expect Saw 4 to look the same when it comes out in the fall.
 This was not as gory as I had been led to expect. The twists ARE NOT as predictable as most people think. No.. you don't really see the ending coming. This is a psychological thriller and it's very good. Well done. There were discrepancies like someone having flash backs to someone else's memories. And some people acting pretty much annoying and the excuses for acting out of the very character templates are rather weak. A cop stays a cop. And if he's watching someone leave a building, he should have noticed when someone went in - or more specifically that he missed it when they went in and had an alarm go off in his head. Characters are engines to further a plot but they need to be more or you end up with GhostShip where frankly you don't even bother remembering anyone's name - you already know their parts and purposes.  I will definately get the next one. This movie was such a pleasant surprise!
 saw is definently a good movie that keeps you thinking. the ending completely threw me off, big time. if you've never seen the movie, you will constantly keep guessing but never figure it out. it's almost impossible. this movie was constructed beautifuly.  the gore scenes aren't that intense....but the plot and everything else makes up for it. by all means there is gore, but it's not unbearable. the acting was good, plot was good, ending threw me off. not a scary movie, but a sick, intense, brilliant movie that will keep you thinking the whole way through.  i am about to watch saw II and then saw III, and i am very excited to do so, i know i'm kind of late on watching the first 2, i wish i would've watched them a long time ago.  i would definently recommend these films.  4 stars. brilliant. not for the weak at heart.
 SAW is a deliciously psychotic crime thriller that keeps you guessing till the very end.  The production values are high and the acting is competantly well above the vast majority of similar creepshows. Decent amount of Grand Guignol for us gore-hounds of the world (please don't write to tell me which flicks are more gross as I already know and own most of them).  I did not give this movie five stars for a small variety of reasons; the screenplay could have been tweaked a bit,  and certain characters are not really developed to fullest effect.  But I really enjoyed this movie
 When I sat down to watch this I had no idea what it was about. And it does not take long to find out. We start off with two men chain to opposite sides of a very grimy and disgusting large bathroom. In between them is the body of a man that shot himself in the head. The corpse has a gun in one hand and a tape player in the other. Everything just out of the two men's reach. And then the game begins; they each find an envelope in their pocket with tapes in them. And all they have is a hacksaw each that would never cut through the chains they wear.  Then we watch as the story unfolds. The two victims figure out that an ingenious serial killer known as the jigsaw killer placed them there. This plot was well thought out. And the killer has left them no choice. They have to get out our pay the consequences.  I do not know what those other reviewers are talking about. This is the first movie in a long time that I did not figure out who the killer was until they let us know. And I was surprised. This movie is worth watching. See if you can figure out who the killer is.
 Saw is not the kind of movie which will make you wanna shut your eyes,grab the arm of the person sitting with you,make you jump from your couch and the other things one expects from a movie that is believed to be of much horror and brutality. I saw it last night and I think it is well almost worth the hype owing to the things that you have to explain to yourself rather than let the movie do it for you.  The most possible reason for my curiousity for this movie is the amount of ridicule and disappointment people feel for Saw2. This movie was never released in my city but I had to wait and get a dvd from somewhere. It is a 100 minute film and just when your brain starts wondering what is going to happen next it hits with you two or three shocker moments. I must add that the music in the film adds to the tension and strange feeling of admirable awe it arose in me.  WHO IS THIS MOVIE FOR?  I wouldnt say this movie is for everyone because I am pretty sure a lot of people would find a few flaws and try to explain them to one another. Most people have a "we want to hate a movie syndrome so it is defintiely not for those looking to ridicule. What really matters is the unique storyline and the sickness behind a brain that wants to teach you a lesson by playing with your life.  WHAT WAS WEAK ABOUT THE FILM?  The scenes involving the doctor cheating on his wife and the very poor enactment of a fight by the wife just before the doctor is leaving. Also the scene where he is on the laptop trying to look strangely passionate about his work. The detectives were silly too. However, that is about it cause there's a whole lot of WHOA inducing scenes in this suggestive epic of sorts.
 If your expecting somthing like "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre", your gonna be dissapointed, this movie is more like "Seven but the dialogue of script isn't that great, it starts off good but then you find yourself waiting for it to get good which doesn't happen untill the very end.
 RE UNCUT VERSION
 This is not a film for the faint-hearted nor for Best Oscar for Acting critics. Filmed in a blueish tint, SAW opens with Dr. Larry Gordon (Elwes) and young Adam (Whannell) waking up in a smelly, dirty, grimly room. Each are handcuffed by the ankle to pipes, and when the lights turn on, a dead, bloody body separates the two. They each discover a tape, that when played, explains why there are there. Jigsaw, a crazed "killer", has confined them to this room for their individual failures to appreciate living. Jigsaw puts Dr. Gordon and Larry, like several others, in a situation that they must kill in order to survive. While bloody, the film is also a psychological thriller as it examines the human need to survive, and what ethical boundaries one will cross in order to do so. Reminiscent of Battle Royale, the movie is filled with twists and turns until the final scene. Danny Glover and Monica Potter have secondary roles. While gruesome and enjoyable, the movie as a whole is hampered by a few suspect editing moments and a sub-par director. While Elwes has a history of solid roles, Whannell is fairly amateurish in his acting and Wan's directing only exacerbates the situation. Ignore these details, don't think about the twists, and you'll have a grand, if bloody, ol' time.
 There has been an abundance of reviewers and critics who have said that this movie was bad.  I on the other hand thought that Saw had a great plot and a very stunning end.  I wouldn't give it a full 5 stars because of the very very end.  This movie is very entertaining though and will keep you riveted the entire time.
 What is most intriguing about this film is the contrast between the reaction of the average moviegoer (so mind-numbingly boring that they were barely able to sit through it) and the local intelligentsia ("brilliant", "innovative", one comment compares Lynch to "Bergman, Fellini, and Bunuel - insert the sound of gagging here).  Although these extreme comments are very entertaining they are pretty much useless for anyone thinking about whether to view this film. So what did those with extreme opinions find or fail to find in this film? My guess is that they found about same thing but reacted to it in very opposite ways. The film is a rather obvious dark satire on the hypocrisy of American culture-what lies under the thin veneer of middle class society. So the disparate viewer reactions may just be political. And while an entertaining film with subtle subversive messages can have mass appeal, Blue Velvet is not a particularly entertaining film. Nor is it a particularly subtle film although Lynch does try to keep the viewer confused by suggesting that some of what we are viewing (or have viewed) is a dream and by keeping many details ambiguous (such as just what is Hopper inhaling-helium?).  It is not important that we know any of this stuff for sure anyway, as viewers can fill in the missing pieces with whatever fits their personal agenda. This is the same technique that Lynch relies on in "Mulholland Drive". Both films are filled with contrived plot twists, misdirection, and insanely over-the-top characters. You stay with the story to find out how Lynch will manage the seemingly impossible task of pulling all these disparate plot elements together by the end of the film. Of course what seems impossible is impossible, Lynch has to cheat at the end, turning what appeared to be realism into expressionism. Lynch relies on the fact that instead of feeling cheated, a large segment of his audience will instead credit him a degree of vision never seen before in cinema history. Since there is nothing to contradict their interpretation they credit him with the visionary genus to have intentionally placed each element that supports their interpretation in the film.  Despite the many negative comments, this cheating does not make "Blue Velvet a bad film. Indeed Lynch's ability to make something expressionistic look like realism is amazing as long as you credit Lynch with a brilliant technique and not with a brilliant vision. That said there are some basic problems with "Blue Velvet.  The first problem is that the underlying depravity in suburban and small town America is very ordinary and unexceptional,  not the imaginative "deep into the recesses of our minds stuff portrayed in this film. Even less controversial suburban portrayals like "The Graduate and "American Beauty feature what would be considered extreme behavior, as the average suburbanite is more mundane and far less adventurous than the protagonists of those films.  The second problem is that you have to constantly work at suspending your belief that this is a film. Burning mental energy just trying to stay 'in' the story does not make for a good movie-going experience. Although Dern and Hopper are fine, MacLaughlin and Rossellini are simply awful. So the viewer tends to wonder what is going through Rossellini's (the actress) mind during the filming of each scene and not what was going through her character's mind. And I am writing in terms of cast names and not character names. MacLaughlin seems to be in almost all Lynch's films and his career specialty is sapping the energy from scenes.  "Blue Velvet starts with some great images
 I had first seen Blue Velvet in the theater when it first came out. I was confused, disturbed and, yet, inexplicably mesmerized by it. There was nothing around like it. Nowadays, film-makers try to challenge us with "innovative cuts, digital manipulation, gratuitous sex and over-the-top characterizations.  What makes Blue Velvet still worth viewing (for those who can stomach it) is its very "conventional film technique and character/plot development which still manages to produce a disturbing and inexplicably mesmerizing experience. I'm less confused now but much more appreciative of David Lynch's film-making. It's all pretty tightly done. Once you get through Dennis Hopper's unforgettable portrayal of a Frank Booth -- realistic and demonic -- you'll wonder why he does those bland commercials now.
 I had never heard of this movie until I was watching a TV show that was describing the 10 best crime movies.  I ordered it new and was pleased with the movie and the prompt delivery from Amazon.
 I'll be brief...I am a big David Lynch fan, and when he's good it's mesmerizing, whilst when he's not so good, it's still worth a look.  Blue Velvet  is an exotic, aquired taste, but quintessential  Lynch. This MGM DVD looks stunning, and after years of pan and scan VHS  murk, the widescreen presentation is pristine. Watch it and see how much of  the director's visual world we have been  missing all this time. The  surround sound mix is very spacious,and atmospheric. However, the   collectible booklet  is a farce....a sheet of paper folded in  half, with some boilerplate cast info does NOT qualify as a prized extra.  This disc is worth having because the film looks and sounds better than any  previous version for home viewing.
 This is the movie that got me hooked on David Lynch's movies. Its a film about the seedier side of suburban life that lives just below the surface of what and who we see every day, however, being a Lynch movie it takes  this synopsis to new and freaky heights. The movie begins with Maclachlan  finding a severed ear. Eventually leading him to the apartment of  Rossellini, where he witnesses a bizarre sexual triste between Rossellini  and Hopper. I'm not going to say any more about the plot, but trust me it  gets better. Anyway, I thought Hopper was at his coolest as a sexual  psychotic, really mean and paranoid. I highly recommend this Lynchian  masterpiece, which is one of his finest works, (plus the storyline is easy  to follow, unlike some of his movies)
 Sixteen years on, it's curious to look back at the cultural firestorm sparked by David Lynch's "Blue Velvet. While this seminal work of American surrealism hasn't lost its ability to disorient and unsettle, it is nonetheless a film that wouldn't seem too out of place these days as an HBO original. Lynch oversaw a new transfer of "Blue Velvet for this MGM special-edition DVD. Butchered by pan-and-scan in most of its video incarnations, the film is presented in dramatic anamorphic widescreen. Lynch's artistic images are markedly enhanced by their journey through the digital domain. Some of the upgrades are on display right away
 Very good film. Definitely enjoyed. It seems to be a good entrypoint for David Lynch noobies, as it the most normal film of his career (besides The Straight Story.), but still retains some disturbingly surreal scenes (like the intro, or Frank.) Would reccomend.
 Let it be known that David Lynch has a very unique style; a style that is a very acquired taste.  You either love him or you hate him; there is rarely an in-between.  I personally love his work (most of it), which is what saddens me a bit about `Blue Velvet'.  This is one of those films that is lauded above all his other work as being the best of the best, but it struck me a little cold.  The script is flawless (I love the ambiguities that lie within Lynch's work) and the direction, pace and mood acquired is effortlessly captivating, but the film falls short in a very central area; the acting.  Don't pelt me with stones just yet.  The film revolves around Jeffrey Beaumont, a young man who returns to his hometown after his father falls ill suddenly.  Upon his return he finds a severed ear in a field and his journey then begins.  With local high school girl Sandy (whose father happens to be the Detective Jeffrey shows the ear to) Jeffrey decides to try and uncover the mystery behind the ear, and this attempt brings him into the lives of quite a few interesting people.  First there is Dorothy Vallens, a beautiful woman who is victim to a strange and violent man named Frank Booth; and sliding into their lives, Jeffrey finds himself in desperate need for help as he watches his life slide further and further towards its end.  Lynch, like I mentioned, has a unique style of direction.  If you are familiar with `Eraserhead' or `Mulholland Drive' then you already know how this film is going to progress.  He allows the scenes to move at their own pace, manipulating them just slightly.  This may come off to some as dry or even stale, but this is Lynch's way of using everything at his disposal to create a mood, an air within each scene.  I have no problem with this.  The script is also brilliantly done.  The slow progression of junior detective is effective and consuming as we anticipate how things are going to turn out for Jeffrey.  We are interested in his relationship with Dorothy, and especially Sandy.  We want to know how these two women are going to affect the outcome of his life, and we are terrified at the revelations about to be revealed by the repulsive Frank Booth.  I adore these aspects of the film.  Like I mentioned, the only fault I have with `Blue Velvet' is the acting, and not as a whole but in parts.  I'll start with the good.  Isabella Rossellini is a stunning woman who really uses everything within her to create a woman of believable desperation.  She is conflicted in every scene, and this is scene marvelously.  We can see each fragment of her dissention into chaos.  Laura Dern is even more splendid.  She delivers such a richly honest performance as young Sandy, fascinated by each new discovery, no matter how terrifying it winds up being for her.  But as great as these two actresses are, the film starts to crumble when left up to the men.  Dennis Hopper (who actually received praise for his performance) is just one gigantic gimmick.  He never really transcends his characters stereotypes.  He's a crazy psychopath, nothing more.  He delivered (the same year) a wonderfully controlled performance in `Hoosiers' that I am disappointed he wasn't able to control this a little more.  That said, he is still much more interesting than Kyle MacLachlan who may very well be the most boring actor since Keanu Reeves.  I just really wish that someone, anyone else would have landed this role.  MacLachlan just killed the high the film as a whole effectively sets.  All this said, I am fond of this film.  It has so much going for it, and Lynch is just such a unique and original director who always stays true to himself.  There are very few films like this one, and the ones that come close are also directed by Lynch.  This is not a film for everyone, but if you are a fan of Lynch then this is a film you are bound to enjoy.
 What can you say? All I have to say is that you had better not have any distraction's. This is one movie that you can or should watch with a quality audio/visual center. Say what you will, but it works very well with quality involved.  G
 Now, don't get me wrong. Blue Velvet is one of my all-time favorite movies, if not my hands-down favorite. It's just that I was a trifle disappointed with the  special  edition. As was no doubt the case with a lot of other Lynch-heads, I was hoping for chunks of deleted scenes and never-before-seen footage, but apparently such scenes fall under the  lost forever  heading - what a shame. Instead, we get a montage of still shots from a variety of scenes which, while compelling, falls far short of the actual scenes themselves. If you're a geek like me, you might want to try and locate a copy of the script. This will answer a lot of questions you might have about the context of these scenes. That said, I highly recommend buying this if you don't already own a copy in some format or other. Blue Velvet is a compelling, voyeuristic, and times downright scary masterpiece, peppered with David Lynch's trademark quirky humor.
 I'm surprised that for all that's been said about this film that nobody's realized that it's essentially a 50s gang flick with the point of view shifted and with a strong dose of honesty. Surreal is an unfair description of this film; there are certainly some bizarre moments, but it's not as if this is a sequel to  Un Chien Andalou.   What it is is a very odd little crime thriller. It's well-acted and excellently written and directed.  Not for those who think good movies are all problem plays, but otherwise excellent.
 When you start a journey into David Lynch masterpieces you should start with this movie.  A classic story telling of David Lynch of strange people with a strange plot in a strange weird world. One of the best movie in the century.  Be ready to the other David's masterpieces of works.
 This film has to be see to be believed! Right off the bat the image of Rossllini in her underwear after being sodmized by Hopper is simply an eye-opener. Lynch plays on this  can't look away , voyeristic quality through the whole film just when you think the film has run it's course of shock value it grows in terms of plot and depth! The script is very minimal and due to the fact that the flick is a visual treat is understandable. Lynch uses human emotions and instincts to even turn the viewer into a member of Hopper's gang at one point. The plot revolves around the missing family of Rossellini and the length she goes through to save her child. MacLachlan's gives the role of the hero an every man feel; his unsual face and akwardness is heightend by the overall nightmarish quality of the film. No one is hamming it up in this film and that is what makes it work if just one actor were to reinvent a character this film would fail but due to the top notch acting and the break neck plot turns this film is a winner-and the scene at the end is worth the price of the film!
 The icy, but strange Lynch mood enters Blue Velvet from the very beginning. Starting off semi-squeaky clean, things start darkening as the main character, Kyle MacLachlan, begins to discover, of course, wierd things in his hometown. After a meeting with Isabella Rossellini's character, MacLachlan begins a downward spiral into an evil world of desparation, wickedness and corruption. Blue Velvet's 'plot' is much easier to follow than Lynch's Lost Highway. However, it's a bumpy mental road for those who try to figure it all out. One of Lynch's best.
 Another cool one from David Lynch.  For me, sometimes it's difficult to get into a movie directed by David Lynch.  But with the films that I do get into, they are great.  This one I got into.  Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan, Dennis Hopper, Laura Dern and Hope Lange all give very good acting performances.
 Definately one of the best films to come out of the 80's. This movie definately has a very dark edge. Even those who don't "get it have to admit that they've never seen anything quite like it. One of the most original opening sequences in movie history.
 I was as excited about this SE release as anyone.  The extra I was most looking forward to (like anyone else) were the "deleted scenes".  I got the disc early and that's the first place I went.  When you select this feature you get some diatribe about how two hours of footage was lost.  You then get a montage of studio stills set to creepy music.  No dialogue, no explanation, no commentary, nothing.  It's nice for novelty sake, but I think it's misleading to call them "scenes which were deleted.  It should have been called "stills from scenes which were deleted".  The documentary is GREAT which features new interviews with the stars spliced with old interviews with Lynch. The transfer is beautiful and the sound (5.1) is a definite improvement over the previous release.  At the end of the day, the transfer, sound, and documentary is Heineken.  The deleted scenes are Pabst Blue Ribbon.
 This is simply the best movie David Lynch has ever directed, and Laura Dern, Kyle Mac Lachlan, Dennis Hopper and Isabella Rosellini (Ingrid Bergman and Roberto Rosellini's daughter) play their parts as good as one can presume they were able to.
 This movie glues you to your seat through out its play time; but only for the first time. Its not for repeated viewing.  I bought this movie because i found it in the "top 100 hollywood movies list. I don't think i am going to watch it again for another year.The movie is good but its overrated. So rent it and enjoy it and get rid of the Blue Velvet. I also bought this movie because i heard lot about "the weiredest Dennis Hopper, but i think thats his normal state and does what he always do - GOES CRAZY.
 Lynch subverts the logical paradigm in high style with a lovely piece of neon noise starring the LOVELY Isaballa Rosellini. It is a beautiful mish mash of colliding worlds where no normal reconcilliation can be found. Crazy people doing CRAZY things behind every door, under every floor, where sanity is a sign of weakness, and love an article of trade. Not so much shocking as stimulating, not so much viscious as visceral... worth watching.
 As usual David Lynch is weird as hell. Dennis Hopper is weird as hell. Kyle MacLachlan is weird as hell. Isabella Rosellini is beautiful... and weird as hell. Severed ear... ants...Frank Booth...  what's your name neighbor?  If you like weird movies and want to count how many times Dennis Hopper says the F word then this movie is for you. Lynch is a very, very strange man. Dennis Hoppers as the gas sniffing, mommy fetishist with a thing for blue velvet (the song and the cloth) is very menacing. One  F'd  up movie.
 She rapes Kyle MacLachlan.  Abusive, gas-huffing Hopper hollers and guzzles PBR.  I believe it's the first episode of the Blue-on-Red motif that continues through Wild at Heart, Twin Peaks, and everything else.
 4 stars, great plot, some bad acting in a couple parts but great movie still.
 I rarely comment about DVD quality unless there is a glaring issue.  In the case of this DVD, there are several.  The sound track is extremely, extremely important in this film; much of the dialogue is played at near-whisper and the sound effects are much more important to the impact of the film than in most others.  Unfortunately, the sound quality here is just muddy enough to undercut the overall effect.  The visuals are also surprisingly weak, heavy with digital pixilation that is particularly noticeable in the film's shadowy scenes--of which there are a great many.  As for the bonus material, any one purchasing this "special edition for them may be disappointed
 David Lynch's "Blue Velvet (1986) is a surreal tale that takes place in a small lumber town which has the big city problems of murders, and gangs. Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan) discovers the dark side of the town as he investigates the mystery behind a human ear he finds in a field.  This blu-ray appears to be the same master as the Special Edition dvd that came out in 2002, but now seen in 1080p. Though what this blu-ray has over past releases is 50 minutes of newly discovered footage, whereas the 2002 dvd Special Edition only had about 9 minutes of still photographs that approximated the lost footage. Lynch had shot about four hours of film, which he then trimmed down to two hours for the final cut of the film. Two other things the blu-ray has over the Special Edition dvd are a few outtakes, and four vignettes, including the story behind the robin at the end of the film, which isn't what I thought it was. As in the 2002 Special Edition dvd set there is the review by Siskel and Ebert, and a documentary which is over one hour long called "Mysteries of Love".
 Impressive, if not a little bit overrated, 'Blue Velvet' gets much of it's power from it's use of music and it's rich, saturated colours. It's themes about the undercurrent of the American dream, where innocence and naivety exist side by side with horror and sickness, are a little less convincing than Lynch would have hoped for. To me 'Blue Velvet' is more about voyeurism.  Our hero Jeffery begins as a friend of law enforcement but becomes curiously fascinated by the world of outlaws. For Jeffery the safe, communal world in which he lives is marked by denial and fake performance. In contrast, the criminal world which he observes is full of unrestrained and wilful desires. The rich colours and sensual sounds portray a longing on Jeffery's part for some sense of reality beyond the performed spectacle of the middle-class world he inhabits. Jeffery is a yearning onlooker, searching for a tactile reality. What he also finds in the criminal underworld is an instability of meaning. Frank finds the feminine Dean Stockwell character suave and sophisticated, but punches Jeffery for that same femininity. Jeffery continues to search for that controlled sense of reality, beyond the fakeness of the 'good' Detective Williams and the sadism of the 'bad' Frank.  Although the metaphors of the insects and the robins may seem heavy-handed, they add a brutal contrast to the worlds that Jeffery must choose between. Fans of Lynch's T.V. series 'Twin Peaks' will find lots to keep them interested here.
 I suspect that serious collectors of all things Lynch will find it worthwhile to upgrade to this edition of one of his best films. If you're new to this director, 'Blue Velvet' or the recent 'Mulholland Drive' are (to my eyes and ears) the prime representations of his artistry, which has a distinctive palette and is not for all tastes, especially during family viewing occasions (well, depending on your family). I'll refrain from summarizing the plot lines, which interested readers can find elsewhere, and focus on the latest presentation. I owned the previous MGM issue of this Lynch classic and aside from a lack of extras, the DVD was a good video and audio presentation. I vacillated about upgrading to this newly-remastered edition, my attitude fueled by cynicism (MGM capitalizing on post-Mulholland Lynchitis) and by some negative comments about the bonus interviews (which implied they were nothing but vapid fawning over Lynch's genius). In the end I bit the bullet and was pleased I did. The new Lynch-supervised transfer is crystal-clear, the primary advantage being improved dark/light contrast. Since 'Blue Velvet' is a study in the light and dark aspects of the human soul, this is an appropriate enhancement. On the other hand, the new transfer did not strike these eyes as a major improvement in the color department, which was a particular strength of the original. Dollar for dollar I would probably not recommend replacing your old one solely on the basis of picture quality. When I turned to the bonus interviews I was pleasantly surprised at the depth of the commentary, especially in light of the negative comments I alluded to earlier. Isabella Rosselini and Dennis Hopper, who play the two basket-case characters (Frank and Dorothy) in this film, come across with the most insightful remarks. Hopper had just emerged from drink-and-drug rehab when he took on 'Blue Velvet' and is candid about how his earlier drug experiences infused his mannerisms and reactions on the set. Lynch had originally conceived of using helium in the mask, to give a surreal squeakiness to Frank Booth's voice, but Hopper hated the way this sounded, so the idea was dropped. Hopper points out that he interpreted his gas-mask as a source of amyl nitrate or nitrous oxide, both of which are used for a temporary rush while doing the dirty deed. Lynch had never heard of such a thing, which only serves to illustrate another aspect of the Boy Scout behind some of the extraordinary (and often viscerally in-the-gutter) visions he conjures up. Rosselini describes, in some detail, a serious sadness and insecurity that came over her after the film was released, and no, it was not embarrassment over her nude scenes.  I appreciated the detailed accounts about other behind-the-scenes contributors, especially the late Alan Splet, who is responsible for the audio things that go bump in 'Blue Velvet'. Indeed, he was a long-time associate of Lynch, going back to 'Eraserhead', and the originator of the low-frequency rumble that infuses so much of Lynch's audio spectrum.  The other major bonus, a behind-the-scenes montage, is educational but not overwhelming. As other reviewers pointed out, it is not raw footage, but a sequence of stills, and your mileage will vary.  The package describes the audio as Dolby 5.1, and some audiophiles have questioned aspects of the surround sound. I'm content to just let my TV blare away, but if audio is of ultimate importance to you, you might want to dig deeper into other commentary before purchase.
 This is a good movie, but god, some of these positive reviews are so damn pretentious.  Personally, I don't buy that this film is nearly as complex as many are making it out to be.  I just think that Lynch thought it would be interesting to make a film that combined an exaggerated, cliched 50's sitcom style setting with a sexually violent, noir-ish type plot. (And he was right.)  And, even if the thematic stuff other people are discussing is in there, it earns few points from me.  "It's like, sex and violence are combined, man, and there's darkness and death even in the beautiful bourgeoise suburbs man, and it's all crap underneath it all, man, it's like whoa. dude, whoa  I'm not saying these things aren't true to a certain degree
 In my opinion this is Dennis Hopper's best performance ever.  Great film.  Some senstive viewers might get offended by Isabella Rossellini's nude scene or the voyeurism/rape/torture/murder undertones.
 It's great reliving the magic of Auburn's stunning 2010 season.  There are some great behind-the-scenes moments, locker room speeches, player and coach interviews, and game highlights in the main program.  It should be noted that the DVD only covers up through the SEC Championship and does not include the BCS Championship game.  The game reviews are also not accompanied by the game date and the final score of each.  It's a minor detail but would have been nice to have when viewing this DVD 5-10 years from now.  Also notably absent are any interviews with Offensive Coordinator Gus Malzahn, a critical component of the Tigers' success this season.  It's also apparent they were unable to get access to the broadcast version of the SEC Championship.  Highlights from that game are sideline handheld.  There are some nice extras including player features on Michael Dyer, Josh Bynes, Lee Ziemba, Zac Etheridge, Nick Fairley, Wes Byrum, and Cam Newton and segments on Travis Williams (former player and current coaching graduate assistant), Kirk Sampson and College Gameday at Auburn, the Auburn Field Crew, the Auburn Hall of Honor, Bo Jackson (an individual segment and a locker room speech from this Auburn legend), the All In Pep Rally, and a locker room player performance of a team theme song this season.  A must-own for any member of the Auburn family.  War Eagle!
 This DVD is not quite what I thought it was going to be.  If you are looking for some high quality highlights from the championship season, this DVD might leave you wanting much more.  For example, that incredible throw that Cam made down the sideline 40 yards down field (AU fans know what I'm talking about) is not even on the DVD.  Really, it's more about the locker room before and after each game.  That's cool, some great footage that you probably wouldn't get anywhere else, but that's not really what I wanted.  I wanted the highlights of the season to be the focal point, and you don't really get that.
 I was completely surprised by how much I enjoyed this film which was well-written and professionally produced. I found Brian Hasenfus, the actor in the leading role, to be particularly compelling and likable and his characterization of a man/child on the cusp of assuming adult responsibility touched me deeply. Not all goes according to plan, however, as temptation in the form of a sexually enticing high school student who is trying to make her inattentive boyfriend jealous ultimately derails the protagonist's plans in ways he could never have anticipated. The atmosphere of Philip The Fossil is pervaded by alcohol, cocaine and huge doses of steroids which converts a seemingly placid suburb in Massachusetts into a simmering recipe for disaster. Shot in an effective verite style with a great deal of edgy editing, the film is absorbing and suspenseful and I was sad to see it end after being treated to only one hour and thirteen minutes of highly creative film-making.
 A young naturalist, William Adamson (Mark Rylance), returns from ten years in the Amazon collecting rare specimens, only to see all but one butterfly lost in a shipwreck. You would think that things could not get worse for the young Scotsman, but when he presents that one butterfly to Sir Harald Alabaster (Jeremy Kemp), he becomes ensnared in an even more uncivilized world than that of the jungles of South America.   Adapted from A.S. Byatt's novella  Morpho Eugenia,  this 1995 film is a visually stunning period piece, set in Victorian England just as the ideas of Charles Darwin are providing a new way of looking at the social strata of British society. The fact that Adamson studies insects will be of great help in understanding the Alabaster family. Adamson comes to their country home at the invitation of Sir Harald and to organize his insect collection. At a ball Adamson dances with Eugenia Alabaster (Patsy Kensit), who is recovering from the tragedy of having her fianc&eacute; kill himself shortly before their wedding. She is beautiful but cold and when she responds to Adamson's kindness her over-protective brother, Edgar (Douglas Henshall) warns him off making stupid comments about keeping the bloodline pure. As a scientist Adamson dismisses such beliefs as nonsense, as does Sir Harald, but he should have paid more attention because Edgar is more than a loose cannon in this household.   William and Eugenia are married, but after enjoying a night of carnal rapture, the new husband finds that his wife's bedroom door is locked to him. A pattern is established as Eugenia produces children, brings William back to her bed, and then endures another languorous pregnancy. Meanwhile, Adamson assists the family tutor, Matty Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas) in educating the family's youngest daughters in the ways of nature, and eventually their is a grand plan to study a colony of red ants. Adamson will write a scholarly treatise and Matty will provide the illustrations. It will give Adamson something to do between his yearly nights with his wife.   Director Philip Haas provides an apt metaphor for  Angels and Insects  when Adamson shows the young ladies, their tutor, and governess a piece of wood on the forest floor. He turns it over and reveals the teeming insect life that lives beneath it. There is enough about the ways and means of ants to make it clear that this metaphor is a full-blown conceit in the film (Eugenia is a fragile butterfly, while Matty is a worker ant). But it is also foreshadowing since there is something quite not right in the Alabaster family home. This is a place where the servants turn their faces to the wall when the members of the family pass on the stairs or in the hall. Yet we know that seeing is not always necessary to knowing deep dark secrets.   There is a point in  Angels and Insects  where you have a notion of what would constitute a happy ending, but how and why it comes to pass ends up being a surprise. This is a film where you cannot say too much because that would give away the game. The pace is rather slow, but before our interest can lag there our exquisite little moments in the film, such as when an elaborate program of charades down with tableaus and costumes is enacted for the family. The point this film has to make about the congestive rot of Victorian society has been made before, but this film has the advantage of its stylish conceit as in the end the angels prove to be an illusion and the insects the only reality.
 This is one film I truly regret seeing in it's original release on the big screen, because of it's visual beauty and extraordinary art design. This is no ordinary prissy "costume drama". The directors didn't bother to go for precise period detail; instead they infuse everything (especially the costumes)  with a hyper-colorful, almost psychedelic quality. Very strange. Music by the Balanescu  Quartet has a disturbing dissonance and urgency which fit the story well.  The film begins with a tribal drumbeat, and we see bright blurred images which resolve into what looks like a fertilty dance; a man is pulled half-reluctantly into the dance by a native girl. He kisses her... the word "ANGELS scrolls across the screen. The image blurrs again and we see another swirl of bright colors as the drumbeats merge into a quartet of  violent strings, and the scene emerges as a Victorian ballroom with men in stark black-and-white dancing with women wearing ballgowns as colorful and varied as --- butterfly wings. The words across the screen read "INSECTS. Brilliant. The man seen at the native dance is a Naturalist named Adamson who was shipwrecked on his way home from the Amazon. He is taken in by a wealthy benefactor, Reverend Alabaster. Alabaster and his multiplicative wife live like liege lords in a gorgeous English countryside estate, and preside over a brood of pale, flaxen-haired children along with a large and  scarily obsequious staff of servants including an icy  governess, Mattie Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas).  The oldest girl, Eugenia (Patsy Kensit), attracts the eye of our hero (Mark Rylance), but she is clearly haunted by something in her past. Meanwhile, her older brother Edmund (don't know the actor's name but he's great)  takes every chance he can to intimidate Adamson, to no avail, because the Alabasters are ultimately delighted to have him marry their daughter.  But something is very very wrong... and this soon becomes clear to Adamson, who loses his innocence in the Alabaster Eden. The story, based on a novella by A.S. Byatt, is a bit V.C. Andrews by way of Henry James, but it worked for me.  Sexy Shakespearean actor Mark Rylance and Kristin Scott Thomas are great, and you get to see the lovely former Mrs. Liam Gallagher's naughty bits. The pretentious pseudo-Victorian confabulations of A.S. Byatt couldn't have been brought to the screen to better effect.
 If you are at all interested in the 19th Century, particularly the incredibly beautiful, incredible impractical, incredibly sexy clothing of upper class women, this is a must see. James Tissot could have painted many of the stills from this film. Besides that, what really struck me -- far more than the unusual sexual practices of the family -- was how housemaids hid their faces against walls when their betters passed. It was expected that these poor women would abase themselves. I was repulsed. (I understand some contemporary celebrities, including people who champion human rights causes, do similar things to their staff and servants.)It was a nice touch in that it reminded us of how, much more than now, it was hell to be poor, which, of course, the protagonist is. The acting was first-rate, and there was a distinct erotic undercurrent which was restrained enough (well, most of the time) to keep up the tension.
 A penniless 19th century Darwinist comes under the auspices of an upper crust Victorian family, and his scientific studies of local insectia  becomes a thinly-veiled observation of human nature. Sounds like yet  another sleepy costume drama, doesn't it? Well, look again, my friend and  fasten your seatlbelt for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride on an English estate!  There's something very nasty in the woodshed, indeed. Even though most  astute viewers will guess the Tennessee Williamsesque  family  secret  a good 45 minutes before it is revealed (thanks to some rather  obvious clues early on), the exquisite cinematography, flawless acting and  a fair amount of soft-core sex scenes ( Mary Poppins  this  ain't!)will hold your interest. If you enjoyed  Cold Comfort  Farm , you'll go for this one in a big way.
 Mark Rylance, a naturalist in the Darwinian/Victorian sense returns to England after losing his life's work in a shipwreck. While visiting the estate of an educated wealthy sympathizer, he falls in love with the patriarchs daughter, Eugenia (Patsy Kensit). Eugenia agrees to marry him and continue to live on the family estate. Because the naturalist has no visible means of support or noble lineage, he is despised and mistreated by Eugenia's brother. Apparent to everyone is the fact that the naturalist should have married a poor though educated and intelligent cousin of Eugenia played by Kristin Scott Thomas.  The most interesting thing about this movie is the way the naturalists abstract ideas seep into his real life. Darwin talked about the evolution of species and how the strong survive. But does the evolution of a master race mean you should procreate with your sister? Darwin postulated that the best looking of a species will procreate because they can aptly a mate. But the reality is that the best looking person may not be the one to love. People are complex creatures and what we need in love goes far beyond what our biology dictates.  A very good movie with excellent performances. [...]
 Usually I forget movies pretty fast, so the fact that I'm being consistently haunted by this one must mean something. This review is an effort to exorcise it as much as anything else. I saw  Angels and Insects  completely by accident, turning on the TV at 2am to do my nightly exercises and suddenly finding myself hooked.   Thinking back, nothing really happens in this film except at the very end
 I loved this flick.  I rented it on a whim cuz i remember hearing way back when that it was pretty good, plus it had a coupla really good looking actresses in it.  i wasn't prepared to be sucked in as thoroughly as I was.  The plot is very simple.  others have described it well.  What really hooked me about the film were 1.The photography.  Almost every scene in the movie looks good enough to serve as a poster ad for the flick.  2.The set design.  The sets combined with the costumes make for just gorgeous eye candy.  3. the dialogue.  Very clever and often moving diologue.  I especially love a scene set in a greenhouse where Adamson expresses his love for Eugenia.  The filmmakers knew what they were doing and they did it well.  They took their time and made a movie that serves as a fairly moving drama (I replayed the ending so many times it's embarrassing) and a surprisingly insightful and interesting examination of the insect world.  Some have said the flick is boring, and I can see why some would feel that way, tho it absolutely was not for me.  It is a slow movie, but some movies are supposed to be and i think this is one.  It's a gorgeous flick.  Highly recommended.
 Angels and Insects is one of the most dramatic and insightful movies of  our time period. The plot gives viewers insight into the world of Victorian  England.   The main characters Mark Rylance and Kristen Scott-Thomas,  are the ones who make the film exceptional. Their unnerving attraction to  one anothers beauty and intellect carry the film.Yet the film also draws  light onto the idea of how distinct and pure a family should be. And  throughout the entire film, the vivid colors and sounds of nature are  displayed to the viewer.   Angels and Insects is a movie  for those who  are interested in drama and mystery.
  Angels and Insects  presents the stifling malaise in which the rich spent their days in Victorian England with a crisp lens, yet also provides viewers with two extremely sympathetic and truly interesting characters - Mark Rylance's William and Kristin Scott Thomas's Matty.  William is a good, decent man who lets passion overcome the reason he has honed for his entire scientific life and lead him into an ill-advised, somewhat primeval marriage to the radiant, yet hollow Eugenia).  His only escape is his work, and in this work he is joined by the perfect woman for him (the film does a great job of employing the complex scientific discoveries in a number of scenes).  Rylance is very good - his William maintains a quiet dignity in the most compromising scenes and his actions always ring true.  Scott-Thomas is fantastic - her Matty is one of the strongest, most complex female characters I've seen in recent films.  She is William's quasi-protector and a scholar of the highest quality, yet her self-doubt and love for William are always apparent, and even in her penultimate scene with William, as she almost begs for him to accept her as his research companion, she never seems weak or desperate.  The shock near the end of the film is handled deftly and with gentleness, although the metaphorical sequences leading up to it grow a little tiresome.  This is a fascinating, curious film with two remarkable characters at its center.
 A well done film depicting the sexuality and perversion seething below the genteel surface of Victorian aristocracy.
 It's 1983, and Bug has just been released from prison. Bug meets up with his friend and former cellmate Dick, who is working as part of the cleaning crew at a hospital and it's Dick's first on-the-books job, and it provides him with a steady paycheck as well as an opportunity to steal drugs to feed his appetite for opiates. Thanks to Bug, Dick is quickly fired, but Bug soon gets an idea for a quick and lucrative score. Timothy Olyphant has the part of "Dick, reluctant leader of a hapless group of junkie bank robbers, down to perfection and Rossif Sutherland plays the likable Billy with goofy enthusiasm and a wide smile that refuses to go away no matter how much things go wrong. Even the soundtrack in this movie adds to the story without dominating it, and Gary Yates ends up with a black comedic heist caper movie that is very good.  It's a fun and often unpredictable ride that provided plenty of chuckles right until the end.
 I completely agree with the review given by Compay (most helpful review on the movie) which almost mirrored the review I was going to give except that I give this film one more extra star because I found the film more than just average or decent.  I found it highly entertaining and the characters extremely likeable and interesting, especially Bug the stone faced psychopath with the dead lifeless eyes.  As an Amazon Prime movie (free to Prime members) this is one of the better ones... and we Prime members know there is a LOT of bad to mediocre movies available on Amazon Prime so I'm quite happy when I find one that I enjoy. Only going to be doing movie reviews for Prime videos that don't have that many reviews to either reinforce how much I liked a film or how much I hated it.  There are alot of other Prime movies that I've never heard of that have only 1 or 2 reviews and it's nice to see a wider sample in terms of opinion.
 The run time for this movie is actually about 118 minutes, but the US Blu-Ray version is only 99 minutes. Why the heck is that? I was looking forward to this (especially for it's incredible run time, making it a true epic), but was let down by you guys at Amazon. Other than that, the movie was still good, but should have been 240 minutes, extending all the battle sequences in the movie
 Well done but a bit choppy editing trying to fit it for a US commercial release. Good thing the disc included deleted scenes which I think they should have incorporated into the film. We should stop marketing over edited movies just to satisfy short attention spanned viewers (esp. for US). This should have been at least 3 hour film. This is a good primer for China history newbies though.
 Jackie Chan stars in the film made about Chinese revolution in 1911.  During that time, Qing dynasty is ruling this vast country.  Empress Dowager is not a strong ruler.  Her political and economical misssteps lead country to financial dependence from strong european countries like England and Germany.  China is borrowing money to build railways and its citizens are dying of hunger and poverty.  For anyone familiar with European history
 If you want lean legs, stay away from the buns...couldn't help that... The real message is
 Poverty Row presents "COURAGEOUS AVENGER (12 December 1935) (58 mins/B&W) (Fully Restored/Dolby Digitally Remastered) -- Johnny Mack Brown was an All-American college football player and film actor --- Born and raised in Dothan, Alabama, Brown was a star of the high school football team, earning a football scholarship to the University of Alabama --- Playing the halfback position on his university's Crimson Tide football team, Brown helped his team to become the 1926 NCAA Division I-A national football champions --- In that year's Rose Bowl Game, he earned Most Valuable Player honors after scoring two of his team's three touchdowns in an upset win over the heavily favored Washington Huskies.  His good looks and powerful physique saw him portrayed on Wheaties cereal boxes and in 1927, brought an offer for motion picture screen tests that resulted in a long and successful career in Hollywood --- He appeared in minor roles until 1930 when he was cast as the star in a western movie entitled "Billy the Kid and directed by King Vidor, the film also features Wallace Beery as Pat Garrett.  Brown went on to make several top-flight movies under the name John Mack Brown, including The Secret Six (1931) with Wallace Beery, as well as the legendary Lost Generation celebration of alcohol, "The Last Flight (1931), and was being groomed by MGM as a leading man until being replaced on a film in 1931, with all his scenes reshot with Clark Gable in his place --- Rechristened Johnny Mack Brown, "Fighting Kit Carson (1933) he returned to making exclusively westerns and eventually became one of the screen's top B-movie cowboy stars, making 127 western films during his career, including "Ride 'Em Cowboy (1942) with Abbott and Costello --- Brown also starred in four serials for Universal Studios (Rustlers of Red Dog (1935), Wild West Days (1937), Flaming Frontiers (1938) and The Oregon Trail (1939) and was a hero to millions of young children at movie theaters and on their television screens --- Altogether, Brown appeared in over 160 movies between 1927 and 1966, as well as a smattering of television shows, in a career spanning almost forty years --- In recognition of his contribution to the motion picture industry, Brown was given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 6101 Hollywood Blvd --- In 1969, Brown was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame.(From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia)  Under the production staff of
 Gustavo Cerati was part of Argentina's Soda Stereo, one of the most popular and forward-looking pop-rock ensembles in Latin rock. Cerati's silky tenor has been featured in four excellent pop albums recorded since the demise of SS during the 90's ( Bocanada ,  Amor Amarillo ,  Siempre es Hoy , and his superb collaboration with Daniel Melero,  Colores Santos ). This DVD serves as a souvenir of Cerati's artistic engagement along with a symphonic orchestra, reprising a well-thought out selection of songs from his solo career as well as some Soda favorites. Standout arrangements include  Un Mill&oacute;n de A&ntilde;os Luz  and the opening salvo,  Canci&oacute;n Animal . Although the shot-on-video direction lacks in imagination, the sound, mixed in 5.1 surround, is superb, placing the listener right in the director's position. You cannot go wrong with this title, which avoids the muzak direction and rearranges the songs as true symphonic pieces. Close to a masterpiece...
 I remember watching the original when it came out on a cable television premium channel. The parts that where horrifying and I would never forget, have been edited out.I will even say censored. The castration scene, the rape scenes are all part of the horror of the film.   The movie in itself has alot of cliches but, the script is pretty honest in it revelations about how deep racism is embetted in the southern communities, i.e. the demonstration rally for voting and equal rights, where the mayor notices no local blacks are participating and states if they were, he would "have their jobs at his lumber company.   I have always thought about this movie and I have always liked it. I do not like how it has been CENSORED, which I guess, goes back to heart of the movie itself - change and the truth is hard to deal with. Somewhere the complete released movie is shelved away.
 If you watch this and look at it right here right now you'll forget about the fact that it's ultra low budget. O.J. Simpson stars in a low budget look at the KKK.
 This odd, mid-period Western may not be at the top of everyone's John Wayne list, but it is worth seeking out for Wayne fans.  Geraldine Page gives an Oscar-winning performance.
 I have certainly seen much worse Western movies all ready out on DVD. I wish this great one was available on DVD (When I wrote this it wasn't). I caught it on TV this weekend during a John Wayne marathon of movies. The acting, sets, directing, scenery, and music all stand out on this one. Many critics think "The Searchers is great but although I think it is a wonderfully shot movie I don't think the interaction is as believable as "Hondo". The cast here does a wonderful job of making me believe what is happening and that I'm with them in that time period. John Furrow must have worked hard directing to get such results.  The attitude towards Indians is much more appropriate as well. The camera work is excellent. Especially good with wide scenic shots and close-ups of the actors. The directing as I said before is excellent, and the scope of acting in this movie is some of the best I have seen in a John Wayne movie or any Western for that matter. Geraldine Page is great as the Duke's love interest. She does a magnificent job portraying a pioneer woman. Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and the rest the cast do a fine job supporting. I hope you get the opportunity to see it. I'm sure you will agree it is a top notch Western and it should be on DVD.  As an addendum I want to thank the studio for finally releasing a wonderful quality DVD with several extras. This is a personal favorite and I want to thank those of you nice enough to vote for my review. It is people like you showing an interest in these classics that prompts the studios to do a proper job of restoring the movies and releasing them on DVD.
 Hondo stars John Wayne as the cavalry scout Hondo Lane, a halfbreed who comes upon a woman and her child in the desert alone at their homestead.  Another great role for John Wayne as the tough scout who steps in as a father figure for the young boy, Johnny, and also as a sort of husband for Angie Lowe, whose husband is off gambling.  Very good movie with beautiful scenery throughout.  Starring Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, and in an early role, James Arness.  Almost identical to the novel with whole scenes identical to the dialogue in the Louis L'Amour western.  Check out the Ralph Taeger short-lived TV show as well as the L'Amour western.  A must-have for John Wayne fans.  Too bad it has not been released on DVD yet.
 "Hondo opens on some of the aspects of George Stevens' "Shane, with the arrival of a lone figure, a U.S. cavalry dispatch rider, Hondo Lane (John Wayne) and his dog (Sam) to an isolated ranch in Apache Territory...  Lane is received by a young courageous frontier woman Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page) and her 6-years old son Johnny (Lee Aaker). Angie tries to convince Hondo that she is not alone, that she lives with a husband, and that she is not worried about apache uprisings, because there is a peace treaty, and the apaches will not "bother her at all...  During his 24 hours stay, Lane knows that Annie is an abandoned woman, and after kissing her, he learned much more...  Lane leaves the place, but after finding out that the Indians are killing and destroying all around the land, decides to return for the young woman and her boy...  Under the lead of a stylistic director, "Hondo may be very likely the finest Wayne psychological Western not directed by John Ford... With long tracking shots and interesting camera angles, "Hondo is far better in the way of capturing the abrasive solitary man manifested in "Red River. There is nothing really surprising about Wayne's part, but I think it does stress something that's a real Wayne attribute, and that is his honesty and straight forwardness...  With a kind of short, curly, blonde hair, Geraldine Page is excellent in her Oscar-Nominated debut, specially in the scene of her confession to Lane about her late husband
 Where is the DVD release ? I'm not aware if this was originally filmed in widescreen; (1953) the VHS version is not presented in it.  Although, a beautiful DVD transfer is hopefully on the way to a great film.
 ...that this movie, one of the best western the Duke ever made, is not planed as 3D-Blu-ray release although it was restored beautifully to 3D by the estate of John Wayne as shown on rare occasions.Hopefully Paramount and the estate of John Wayne will reconsider their decision. Then I will gladly add a fifth star to my rating.
 Apache war drums sound an ominous warning for an insolated female rancher and her young son in this exciting and memorable JOHN WAYNE (1907-1979) classic . Wayne plays Hondo Lane , a cavalry rider who becomes the designated protector of  the strong -willed Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page 1924-1987) as well as a father figure to her boy , Johnny (Lee Aaker 1943- ). Angie , determinedly awaiting the return of her brutish husband ( Leo Gordon 1922-2000 ), refuses to leav their homestead despite growning danger from nearby warring Native American Tribes .And she finds herself growing more and more entrahralled with stranger , Hondo -a man hardened by experience but still capable of sympathy , kinderness and love . Ward Bond  (1903-1960) , Michael Pate (1920- ) , James Arness (1923- ), and Rodolfo Acosta (1920-1974) . Not of the best movies with John Wayne , but worth to watch . BATJAC and Michael Wayne (1934-2003) The Dukes son made a superb remastring and transfer in High Quality pictures .
 The release of this spare but satisfying western was a long time coming and worth the wait. A strong performance by Wayne and the leading lady as well as the chap who played the Apache chief. Good story by Louis Lamour who knows something about westerns. Some special effects for the original 3D that aren't so special otherwise. But a tight film that doesn't overstay it's welcome. Saw this as a kid in it's original run, though not in 3D. Impresses me just as much now as it did then.
 At first glance, John Wayne's 1953 western, "Hondo", bears a remarkable similarity to another 1953 release, George Stevens' classic, "Shane". Both films open with an iconic stranger appearing out of the wilderness, spotted first by a young, impressionable boy. Both title characters arrive at homesteads in need of an 'extra pair of hands', and form unspoken bonds with the women of the households. Both Hondo and Shane have survival skills the families desperately need, even as the families fill a void in their own lives. But while Stevens' film moves at a slow, deliberate pace, meticulously creating a near-mythic vision, "Hondo director John Farrow, working from a script by longtime Wayne scribe James Edward Grant (from Louis L'Amour story), cuts the exposition down to basics, giving the film a much leaner 'look', with a climax (actually directed by John Ford, as Farrow had scheduling problems with another film) that is so fast-paced that it can leave a viewer in 'midair', expecting more. As a result, "Hondo isn't held in as high esteem as "Shane", but is certainly a rewarding, entertaining experience, with one of Wayne's best pre-"Searchers performances, and Geraldine Page earning an Oscar nomination in her film debut.  Filmed in the broiling summer heat of Mexico, utilizing massive, cumbersome dual cameras to create 3-D (which both Wayne and Warner studio head Jack Warner felt was the wave of the future, but would be pass&eacute; by the film's release), the production was grueling, yet formed lasting friendships. Australian Michael Pate, playing the key role of historic Chiricahua Apache Chief, Vittorio, was stunned to find Wayne, during a dangerous riding sequence, running along, off-camera, to protect him if he fell (Wayne, impressed by the actor, would cast him, ten years later, as another Indian chief in "McLintock!"). Several of Wayne's 'Stock Company' (Ward Bond, Paul Fix, James Arness, and Chuck Roberson) have roles (Bond's bearded, crusty 'Buffalo Baker' is a standout). John Ford, between films, vacationed in Mexico to visit Wayne and Bond, and was recruited (unbilled), to help direct.  The only discordant note on the set was stage actress Page. Wayne had hoped to get Katharine Hepburn for the role of Angie Lowe, but the liberal actress wasn't comfortable working with the politically conservative Wayne at that time (during the "Witch Hunt for suspected Communists in the film industry), and passed on the project (as would her long-time love, Spencer Tracy, in "The High and the Mighty", Wayne's next production). It would be 22 years before Hepburn and Wayne would finally team up together (in "Rooster Cogburn"). Geraldine Page, picked by Farrow for her fresh, 'natural' look, carried her stage training and 'attitude' into the filming, which did little to endear her to the cast, and Wayne felt little chemistry between them (although her performance would be the most honored, by the film industry).  With colorful characterizations, a chaste romance, plenty of action, and little of the obvious '3-D' gimmicks (only noticeable in the titles sequence, and two Indian fight scenes), "Hondo was a HUGE hit when released, and has endured as one of John Wayne's most popular westerns.  Best of the Special Edition DVD 'extras' is a wonderful "Making of documentary, with comments by Pate and the film's juvenile lead, Lee Aaker; brief bios of writer Grant, and Ward Bond; and a revealing, VERY balanced Apache overview of both the film and the REAL Chiricahua Chief Vittorio.  With nearly pristine image and sound quality, the "Special Edition certainly lives up to expectations!
 This movie was much better than I expected, in that it has some real human beings dealing with some genuinely touching issues, mainly about honesty.  Hondo is primarily a character study, focusing on John Wayne, Geraldine Page, and an Apache war chief, and their bizarre triangle of friendship and honor during the Indian wars.  Hondo is one of the Duke's most macho roles - he's tougher and more unbending than I've ever seen him before.  Countering this is Page's terrible performance in a typically sexist role for a 1950's western ("A woman should know how to cook, booms the Duke like a commandment).  As their love grows, they argue about honesty... Wayne in typical Duke-ish fashion refuses to tell even a white lie.  Yet, in the end, 3 lies are told, one to save Wayne's life, one to save their love, and another to prevent Page's son from growing up with the true knowledge of his scoundrel father (which we today know is a bad idea).  Still, Hondo's unbending honesty also saves their lives from the Apaches, so we are left with a well-rounded, *adult* view of honesty that still holds its relevance today.   I'm not sure why people complain about "realism in these old movies - the Duke shoes his own horses right on film, no detail missed, as if he'd been doing it for years.  You'd never see that from an actor today!  The Apache indians are all played by Apache indians (including the leading roles) and their characters are all faithful to history.  Perhaps our modern "notion of realism has changed.  The film has that washed-out nostalgic look in its coloring, but that was due to the technology of the time.  Of course, bad actors from the 1950's all seem to perform with the same annoying pace and vocal style, but I'm sure our modern equivallents will become apparent in 50 years, too.  A fine Wayne film.
 HONDO is an excellent western, featuring terrific performances by Wayne and Geraldine Page. The VHS release in welcome, but the film is compromised a bit here since it is robbed of the original stereoscopic 3-D presentation. It is one of the better 3-D movies (in fact, the only one to win an Oscar (G.Page).  Don't confuse the awful red/blue 3-D TV showings in the early 90's with the original polarized (clear glasses) 3-D...it isn't the same thing at all and the TV version looked nothing like the original 3-D did. Try to catch this one at a 3-D revival sometime, to experience the movie as intended.
 Perhaps the best John Wayne vehicle not directed by John Ford or Howard Hawks, "Hondo (1953) gives the Duke one his most complex portrayals in this admirably low-key Western. Taut direction from John Farrow (the high-water mark of his career), with an auspicious screen debut for Oscar-nominated Geraldine Page. Veteran cinematographers Robert Burks and Archie Stout strikingly capture the Camargo, Mexico landscape. Originally shown in 3-D, "Hondo deserves a theatrical reissue for a new generation of moviegoers.
 I have a theory about this film. I am guessing that Wayne so wanted to play Shane that, when he didn't get the role, he went and made this film. The story of an outsider hero redeeming himself should certainly appeal to Shane fans for the parallels.  This is a great Western and I would even go so far as to say that it is in some ways better than Wayne's Ford-directed films (which one could also say about Alamo, which he made later and became notorious for because he campaigned so hard for the film to get an Oscar).  It would certainly be an awesome experience to see it in 3D on a big screen.
 Action-packed John Wayne western receives a Blu-Ray release that debuts, for the first time on home video, a proper widescreen presentation of "Hondo.  Wayne plays a half-Indian Cavalry rider named Hondo who finds himself playing guardian angel to a frontierswoman (Geraldine Page, who garnered an Oscar nomination here in her first film role) whose husband has left her and their young son alone to fend for themselves in the New Mexico desert, where warring Apaches roam the landscape. Wayne favorite John Edward Grant adapted a Louis L'Amour story for this effective western, efficiently directed by John Farrow, with Ward Bond, Michael Pate and James Arness appearing in supporting roles.  Out of circulation for many years, "Hondo was originally shot in 3-D but hasn't reportedly been screened in its native format in years. While it's disappointing that Paramount's Blu-Ray edition isn't in 3-D, "Hondo nevertheless makes an impressive debut in high-definition despite highly varied elements. When the image is at its best, the transfer is spectacular, offering strong colors and fine grain. There are stretches of the picture, however, where the image is notably blurry and seemingly processed with noise reduction, likely a response to opticals and/or damaged source materials. That said, despite its occasional visual discrepancies, the image is exceptionally good on balance. The audio, meanwhile, is much less distinguished, being presented in either a 5.1 Dolby TrueHD track that sounds too airy and lacks power, or a superior 2.0 Dolby TrueHD mono track that enhances the dialogue. The score, credited to Emil Newman and Hugo Friedhofer, comes off well, but there's a thinness to the dialogue that makes the 5.1 track in particular quite unappealing.  A variety of insightful features are carried over from Paramount's prior DVD Special Edition, with an introduction from Leonard Maltin, commentary with Maltin and fellow Wayne experts, multiple featurettes and an HD trailer included. The original Intermission sequence has been retained as well.
 It had been years since I'd seen this John Wayne classic and it was good to watch again.  My husband enjoyed this birthday gift very much!  The issues dealt with in the film seem to me very advanced for the time it was made, granted it was not "that long ago in the scheme of time but it had a more positive social comment on the treatment of Native Americans than most films of that genre.  I liked the heartwarming story line and the action was appropriate to the story.  Well done, and one I consider a must-have for any John Wayne fan.
 No wonder 3-D never took off.  "Hondo has the makings of a really great film but the makers of the film are so concerned with projectile images emanating from the screen("Watch the Duke shod a horse! "Wonder at that Apache spear that whizzes at you!") that they compromise a great story.  John Wayne though does a terrific job as Hondo Lane, the half-breed with the ambiguous past.  The film suggests a dark side to Hondo's character that is not fully exploited here but in a scant few years Wayne would tackle Ethan Edwards in "The Searchers who was a fully developed morally complex individual.  Geraldine Page, deserving of her Oscar nomination for her work here, assays a non-stereotypical account of the frontier woman.  The film also offers an enlightened view of the Apaches.  I give this film a pass but it's a shame that it compromised story for the sake of faddish technology.
 Thirty years after his death, John Wayne remains an enigma. Many books have been written about him, none of which I've read, and so I know little of his personal life other than he has been both praised for embodying traditional American ideals and reviled for his archconservative bigotry.  Yet he remains today perhaps this country's biggest movie star. Today's actors - Tom Hanks, Russell Crowe, Liam Neeson, Jack Nicholson - are more accomplished actors with greater range; while from Wayne's era, Clark Gable was more handsome, James Cagney more talented, Jimmy Stewart and Henry Fonda more eclectic. But for sheer screen charisma, I can't think of another actor from any era who brings more to the screen. Whenever Wayne is onscreen the viewer is simply compelled to watch him. Often described as ruggedly handsome, his face isn't particularly expressive. Some of his mannerisms, particularly his walk and some of his posturing, one suspects are contrived, yet a generation of men in the 40s and 50s aspired to be just like him. Heck, I knew some women in the 60s who patterned themselves after the Duke.  In Hondo, based on a Louis L'Amour novel and directed by John Farrow, Wayne plays a half-breed Apache. His sidekick is Sam, a dog as surly as Hondo. Hondo befriends Angie Lowe, a New Mexican farmwoman and mother of a young son whose husband deserts her for extended periods of time. Geraldine Page is well-cast as the "handsome Angie, and was nominated for an Oscar for her first starring role, despite a performance that can best be described as wooden. Character actor Ward Bond and a young James Arness ably lend support.  Setting aside the rather clich&eacute; depiction of the Apache and several historical inaccuracies, Hondo can perhaps best be described as a morality play, a study of the power of lies and when, or if, it is beneficial to tell one. Hondo laments the lies the white man tells the Apache and tells Angie that the Apache language contains no word for "lie. Page's soliloquy on the subject of lies - those she endured at the tongue of her husband as well as those she told herself - near the end of the movie is a telling moment. Although delivered somewhat mechanically, the words speak for themselves.  Not ranked in the top ten best all time westerns or even one of Wayne's best films, it is still recommended viewing.
 This is one of many John Wayne films I worked on as a stuntman. It was fun working with him and he will always be the essence of American to the bone. This is truly a great film, directed by John Farrow. Lots of action and Indian raids make it a spectacular event.
 "Hondo has long been one of my favorite John Wayne westerns and it is such a joy to see it treated well on this blu ray release. The picture and sound are wonderful and the extras are great as well. The remixed surround track is a welcome edition as well. The extras include a "Making Of Hondo special with Leonard Maltin and is very interesting with highlights including new interviews with Michael Pate and Lee Aaker. A great snippet from "ET when Maltin was shown original "Hondo items from Michael Wayne himself. The theatrical trailer is very nice as well as I had never seen it in its entirety. A very nice release and great price. Makes a great gift for any Wayne fan and as usual Amazon's shipping and service was top notch. Now if we could just get new blu rays of "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance"..."The Sons of Katie Elder"..."The Shootist and "El Dorado"...I'll be a happy guy!
 For 1953 Hondo was a brutal portrayal of the West. Hondo was based on a Louis L'Amour novel, in fact, it was the first novel that L'Amour had published & was also his first property to be transformed to the silver screen. The film was directed by John Farrow (father of Mia) & shot in Mexico. The screenplay was written by James Edward Grant, Wayne's favorite screenwriter.  Hondo is a Western much in the classic vein but with an added realism that was unusual for 1953. In the opening scene we see Hondo (John Wayne) walking toward the camera, rifle in one hand, scabbard & saddlebags in the other hand. Near him is the dog, Sam, basically a wild dog who is in the company of Hondo. He happens on a ranch that has only Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page) & her son Johnny (Lee Aker). Hondo is a scout for the cavalry & is returning to to report on the state of the Apaches who are preparing for war. Hondo stays around the ranch for a short period fixing up things for her. It's obvious to Hondo that Mrs. Lowe's husband hasn't been around for a long time. She continually lies about her husband but Hondo, straigt forward & honest, tells her she's lying. Later, Hondo meets Ed Lowe (Leo Gordon) & they take an immediate disliking to one another. Later Hondo kills Lowe in self-defense. This complicates things because Hondo & Mrs. Lowe end up falling in love.  All of this is set against the backdrop of an Apache uprising & the Lowe ranch is in the middle of it. She has been on peaceful terms with them but Hondo warns her it's time for her & her son to leave. She chooses to stay. The Apache chief Vittorio (Michael Pate) is a significant role in the movie. He befriends Johnny renaming him Small Warrior. Vittorio wants Mrs. Lowe to pick one of the Apache warriors for a husband so that Johnny can be taught the Apache way. The movie features Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker, a scout like Hondo. James Arness has a small role as Lennie, another scout whom Hondo doesn't like. It all leads to the inevitable cowboy & Indian showdown.  Some of this was shot in 3D but it's a very minuscule part. The movie has an introduction by Leonard Maltin who also appears in the rest of the special features. There's a feature entitled The Making of Hondo that features interviews with Michael Pate, Lee Aaker & western historian Frank Thompson. This feature reveals that the final parts filmed of Hondo were actually directed by John Ford. There's a feature on the writer James Edward Grant. There is an interview with Michael Wayne that reveals material from the vaults of Batjac, Wayne's production company. There are a couple of other features that makes this a great value.
 John Wayne is, as usual, "the Duke in this western. He plays Hondo Lane a cavalry scout. The film is directed by John Farrow and for a few sequences by John Ford. Geraldine Page is the feminine interest of the movie, mother of Lee Aaker (rusty of rintintin) and wife then widow of Leo Gordon. Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness and Rodolfo Acosta complete the cast. The special features are suberb and very documented. For "Duke fans and others.
 A good movie, till the moment whites left the ranch. I have a very high respect for Apaches. But in here they, as always in the movies, behave in a stupid way. Appart from Vittorio, a great chief,  the rest looks like a bunch of ragged men that attack whites with little or no strategy. They normally don't charge in the open to some hostile force but choose their grounds in a clever way.  The sad matter was, as John Wayne says in the movie, "a whole way of life was erased from earth  It is not different from what is happening today in a lot of things.
 Pros
 ...we also agree that Rosie is a bit toooo much for this prime time Sesame Street outing, but, that's okay because, things like Chris Rock bantering with Oscar the Grouch, and the Fugees jamming with Big Bird and the Mayor of Margaritaville literally kickin' it with Kermit and the Amphibians, and tunes from the Mighty Mighty Bosstones, and Shawn Colvin (not to mention  Muppets' two straight men in this, the sardonic Jon Stewart and the always funny David Alan Grier) makes this a show that most parents and grand parents don't mind watching with the youngsters....a musical, magical 55 minutes of fun.
 Prime dreck from the Producers Releasing Corporation (PRC); MISS V FROM MOSCOW is a fascinating wartime thriller, filmed in 1942, which briskly plays out it's 66 minute running time and manages to entertain thoroughly.  B-movie queen Lola Lane plays Russian spy Vera Marova (code-named `V') who adopts the persona of murdered German agent Greta Hiller and goes behind enemy lines into occupied Paris to glean top secret military information.  Her life in constant peril, `V' infiltrates Nazi headquarters and wires back the vital information to Russia before her cover is finally blown . Glorious B-movie nonsense from PRC, the most notorious of the `Poverty Row' film companies.  Lola Lane is a delight and her spunky, ballsy heroine holds together the whole film nicely.  A former Warner Brothers contract player, Lane found her greatest role in 1937's "Marked Woman opposite Bette Davis before finding a profitible career in Poverty Row features like this.  Alpha's print comes from a good quality video master; the picture is sharp and well-defined for the most part and the sound is clean and audible throughout.
 I recently purchased/watched this movie,I actually really liked it alot. The picture quality of my dvd was good and clear. For this movie to be low budget,I thought it was very funny/tastefully done. It's nice to get an uncensored male prospective(s) on love,sex and relationships. I recommend that people purchase this movie, especially if you're looking for some good laughs !
 'Issues' stars Laz Alonso and Ben Watkins, playing two room mates fumbling to find love, get laid, and pay their bills.  Their luck improves when an old roommate is replaced with a female room mate who helps the two guys see the light of day about men, women and what matters in relationships, while striving for her own thespian aspirations. The real lesson she teaches them is how to be a friend to a woman and make space for them in their lives, rather than merely her pants. After all, the two protagonist real fear is not knowing or finding love in a world where love is rare.  Some might be bored with the idea of a movie that doesn't portray black men killing each other, dealing drugs, or destroying the local community, but this one is a lot of fun. For an independent film the cinematography is more than decent.  There are more than few clunkers of films out there, but this one is a pleasant 87 minutes. The final scene is a fine one where the guys' father comes to the financial rescue and pays the mortgage on the dwelling they are sharing, perhaps alleviating the stress they have in meeting one of their expenses. Does this help from daddy make it possible to concentrate on learning to love and appreciate women as friends and companions? You'll have to get this dvd to find out.
 Much better sound than the (awful) Fox Lorber version, much better DVD recording quality, and widescreen, too.  HOWEVER, the Fox Lorber guys started with a much better print (they just messed it up); this version (Anchor Bay) used a grainy and somewhat faded print.  A shame for a movie that relies so much on the visuals.  When, oh when can we have a competent DVD recording struck from a high-quality print? Five stars for the movie per se, three for the technical execution of this DVD.
 Diva is poetically visual as it displays a cinematically stunning experience, which renders one speechless with its sublime cinematography.  The story begins with a postman, Jules, who is absorbed by opera as he tapes an opera singers performance.  Unknowingly Jules has been observed by two peculiar men followings him in order to try retrieve the recording.  In addition, a woman who is murdered has placed a tape recording in Jules's postman bag, which will add more problems for him.  Diva is a superb cinematic experience that will visually intrigue as much French New Wave did during the 60s and 70s as it often produces new and interesting ways of displaying cinema.
 Diva is one of my all-time favorite movies.  I have been looking to replace my very old and very worn VHS version with a DVD, but alas, it seems that the quality is not up to par for this excellent film.  I still  remember the first time that I saw it.  I was transformed.  I have seen it  probably about 25 times and it never loses its impact, its freshness, its  greatness. I hope that another version is released soon.  I plan on  having some type of version for the rest of my life.
 In the same way 'The Breakfast Club' defined a certain kind of 1980s American filmmaking, and 'Blow Up' defined 1960s hipness, 'Diva' defined a certain kind of 1980s European cinema.  That doesn't mean it's great, just seminal. It marked a turning away from deep psychology, philosophy, politics or even plot, and marked an emphasis on style, energy, colors, etc. The movie is about being a cool movie, with cool sets, cool shots, a cool car chase, etc. The plot is just enough to hold it all together.  All that said, it is great to look at, the chase is fun, and the film is fun too, in an empty calorie, music video sort of way. It's frustrating. If the acting was a little better (the leads range from pretty good to very awkward) and the story had a little more heart and brains, it could have kept it's grand style, and been a great film, not just an entertaining, great looking film.  The new Meridian version is disappointingly weak.  I actually prefer my old Anchor Bay copy, which was itself far from perfect, but seems to be stronger both visually and aurally. Read the in depth analysis on DVD Beaver comparing the Meridian, the Anchor Bay and the Fox Lorber and you'll get some interesting details on the differences.  I have also heard (but not yet personally seen) that the 2004 region 2 WB and similar 2007 Region 2 Optimum release may actually be the best version around, and currently sells on Amazon UK for about $12 with shipping, so if you have a region free player, you might want to check that out.
 A wonderful combination of many genres - Action / Drama / Mystery / Romance / Thriller / Music/Art, this tale of two tapes may actually change the way you think about opera.  Wilhelmenia Fernandez as Cynthia Hawkins (Diva) who always refused to be recorded - is a revelation; her voice, a magic mixture of melted pure gold and crystal is a miracle.  There are so much more in this absolutely unique film - just to mention a certain shoplifting technique, or the coolest chase which started in the streets of Paris and ended in the subway's car.  The most fascinating thing for me is that Diva was released about twenty years ago in Moscow, I remember the title - but I never saw it back then. Better later than never.  Highly recommended - 4.5/5
 As other have noted, the audio and video on this particular transfer are quite poor, but the entirety of the movie obscures the individual faults on this particular version (I have viewed this movie on multiple transmissions, and this one is the weakest). However, I am so pleased to have this movie again, and the seller was a pleasure to do business with....thank you!
 A slightly dated gem. Edgy and punk before the words were coined. Wilhelmina Fernandes is divine, and the cinematography anticipates trends seen 20 years later.
 The Bottom Line
 I have to admit, the title, "Diva", had me skip over this movie a few times before I decided to watch it.  I had bad visuals of a Celine Dion-type giddly involved in a whodunnit.  Fortunately, this movie is far more than that.  We get a sense from the start that this is a different sort of film.  For example, our main character is a Paris postal employee with a fetish for an opera-style soloist.  As the movie unfolds, we encounter a few other slightly off-beat characters.  At this point, some of us are probably wondering where all this is headed.  Fortunately, there something about the movie at this stage that keeps us watching because thing begin to expand.  The key to "Diva's success is how the expansion of characters and events gradually contracts back into a conclusion that most of us would probably not have envisioned.  I found myself with a great sense of respect for how "Diva evolved into a very good film.
 If you focus entirely on the story, the intertwining plots occasionally cause Diva to drag a bit, particularly when it focuses on the political intrigue. That's the wrong approach to take to this film.  Instead, what  you should do is sit back, enjoy the music, the visuals, and the  characters, and let the film happen. Do that, and Diva is captivating. I  was fortunate enough to find a copy on laserdisc last year, just before  most of the places that carry laserdiscs started phasing them out...
 A moped-riding postman gets caught between a crime boss, his thugs, record pirates and an opera diva. This stylish thriller became one of my favorites when I first saw it in 1981. It lost a little of its appeal with successive viewings as I realized how many opportunities for suspense seem missed. Even the noted subway chase seemed a little leaden. Oh well, my talents aren't in filmmaking. My interest was renewed with the release of the DVD. Though I've read criticism of it here, the clarity of sight and sound made the movie seem refreshing and new. I've rarely seen such a difference in a movie only 20 years old.
 I just watched this movie again after about 10 years and it's still well worth watching again and again.  It has held up superbly.  I didn't realize it was 26 years old as I remember seeing it when it first came out. I say don't get the english voice overs, see it in french with the subtitles.  It's made to be seen that way, because after all it is a french movie.
 Warner Archive has finally released an epic film which has gotten sporadic showings on Turner Classic Movies, Director Richard Thorpe's  'THE TARTARS' aka 'I TARTARI'-1961, an Italian/American co-production also co-directed but not credited by Director Ferdinando Baldi made at the height of the sword and sandal craze and unquestionably lost in the shuffle because of that.  It is one of Victor Mature's last epic stints and was maybe a bit too old for the role of Oleg, the Viking chieftain .  Orson Welles as the Tartar Khan, Burundai is just required to leer and smirk but his voice carries the villainy.  The film is bogged down with a soap opera plot by having the Vikings capture Burundai's niece Samia and in turn the Moors capture Oleg's wife Helga.  In a shocking scene, Helga is thrown off the castle walls to her death and causes the tide to turn into a climactic battle to the final fade out.  Director Thorpe who was one of MGM's top action directors in the fifties with credits such as the remake of 'THE PRISONER OF ZENDA'-1952, 'IVANHOE'-1953 , and 'KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND TABLE'- 1954 (to name but a few) directs competently but always leaves you feeling that the film could have been.. so much more.  Director Baldi would go on to helm many Spaghetti Westerns and action films in Italy. Great sets and battle scenes aside, the film is hampered with an uneven pace, a listless music score by Renzo Rossellini and a tired looking Victor Mature.  Liana Orfei and Bella Cortez play the ladies in peril and we have a surprise cameo from the great Folco Lulli. Warner releases it as a DVD-R in a beautiful 2.35 transfer with nice color and sound so 'Hide your women, seize your swords, and prepare for 'THE TARTARS'.  Its better than the CGI tripe epics? flooding the screens these days.
 The movie itself was great, but the DVD quality seemed like a cheap bootleg knockoff
 A good John Wayne movie, more comedy than drama. And of course, it features Maureen O'Hara, a great duo. A definite 4 stars.
 this is one of my favorite john wayne films. with maureen o'hara at his side it is part comedic and historical. john wayne plays john wayne. it is a lighter side of some of his dramas.
 I have always loved this movie and wanted it in my collection...so far since it arrived I've watched it twice.
 Years ago, my dad purchased a VHS copy of "McLintock! only to find out it was a bootleg copy. Eventually, he would find a new version released from the estate of John Wayne to replace the bad copy. Thankfully, Paramount has released an authorized version of the John Wayne movie on DVD and the difference is amazing. My dad could finally see the film in letterbox format (a more superior viewing experience than the "edited for your television view for VHS) and in crystal clear sound and picture. Also the extras like the commentary track are wonderful. I never thought I would see my dad watch any movie with audio commentary on let alone "McLintock!".  My one major complaint is that this DVD came in late due to the people I purchased this DVD from. Hopefully, this will not happen again next time I purchase a DVD from certain sellers on Amazon.com. All in all, this is a great holiday gift for the John Wayne fan in your Family.
 It does not get any better than John Wayne & Maureen O'Hara! When the 2 of them are on the screen together, it feels that they are truly married. Another typical Duke film with one of the BEST fight scenes in history. No one looks better taking a punch than The Duke! Of course the typical  Maureen O'Hara- John Wayne "SPAT is hilarious! Don't forget ALL of the same actors that you see in The Duke's movies! As I have said many times before, "Who today could play a John Wayne part?
 McLintock is a romantic comedy first, a western second. As a romantic comedy in an old west setting, it works quite well. This is John Wayne at his best, in my opinion. I haven't seen many of the  serious  westerns he made in his younger days, but I did see  True Grit  (the movie they gave him an oscar for). I thought it was awful. Of course, that wasn't necessarily Wayne's fault, but he looked as though it was all he could do to keep from bursting with laughter throughout most of it.  Like a number of other macho actors (Burt Reynolds, for example), Wayne has a certain dry wit that comes across well. Here he is paired with Maureen O'Hara, and they make a good team. There are also lots of other familiar faces in this (Chill Wills, Stephanie Powers, Yvonne deCarlo, Jerry VanDyke, and more) who contribute solid performances. McLintock isn't a great movie. It will not go down in the annals of film classics. Most of the humor isn't terribly original, and the fights in the mud pit are pure slapstick. Then again, there's nothing wrong with that. They work. It is an entertaining, funny movie and most folks will have a good time watching it. Give it a try. I give it a strong 4+ stars. Be careful what edition you get, though. I have no problem with mine (the John Wayne Estate authorized edition), but apparently some editions are of poor quality.
 Classic taming of the shrew out west. Reteams the Duke and Maureen O'Hara. They are outstanding together. (Rio Grande, The Quiet Man) Good cast plays it tongue in cheek throughout. My wife sure could pass on the spanking  stuff. It does feel uncomfortable le in these times. The mud-slide scene  still cracks me up.
 Perhaps some people give this a low rating because it is not a typical  Wayne western . It is a warm and funny film with Wayne and O'Hare showing their chemistry.
 John Wayne's funniest film has finally been given the royal treatment
 I love this movie, I must have watched it a dozen times. I have both the DVD and the VHS copies and the quality is as good on both, I find. However, the DVD is over 1/2 an hour shorter, so I suggest you watch the movie before the DVD. After you have done then the DVD makes sense, and it shortens some of the longer scenes, though it does cut a important scene concerning the appointment of the cook. And for those people that say it isn't politically correct, for the majority of women it isn't these days, but I am a women and I agree with the whole thing lol. This movie is good and funny, and the more you watch it the better it gets!
 The entire cast, particularly Wayne,  DeCarlo, and Powers are superb! John  did several pics with Maureen O'Hara.  Wonderfully filmed, et, al.
 I am quite intrigued at the popularity that  McLintock!  still has among John Wayne fans and everyone else, in general. This is a very funny story with the Duke and Maureen O'Hara as a bickering couple in a  Taming of the Shrew  story set in the good ol' west. It's one of John Wayne's more comical and lighter-toned films. I have the DVD version of this film, and I have the same opinion like the rest of you; it's quite a sloppy job. Some of the film looks all right; it's nice and sharp at times. You can tell the film is very dated and at times the image becomes blurry and distorted. I can't understand what's been done to such a good film. There have been so many complaints about this inferior release. Something needs to be done. A major movie studio should try to purchase the rights to this film and give  McLintock!  top feeding. Think of how this would sound. Double sided disc A
 The WWF wasn't always popular.  Between the time Hulk Hogan left and today, the WWF started to slide down hill.  This event occured during that time period, but delivers a good event none the less.  Here you will see  Steve Austin in his second PPV main event, as well as see Triple H before  Triple H was born, when it was only Hunter Hearst Helmsley, and The Rock  when they still called him Rocky Maivia.  The main event is Austin vs.  Vader vs. Undertaker vs. Bret Hart for the WWF championship.  Over all a  good video, only one problem
 [This review speaks to the film, not the DVD, which I have not viewed.  I would imagine that at the very least the sound would be superior than the VHS version, and for this reason alone I plan on purchasing the film.] I'm still not sure Death Wish gets the credit it deserves after so many years.  For some it is simply an awful depiction of city life that condones vigilantism and violence.  For others it is a celebration of American values and about the need for people to take action when confronted.   I think that people often overlook the function of this film and concentrate too much on the form.   On the one hand, I believe credit should be given to Wendell Mayes, the screenwriter, in adapting Brian Garfield's source novel.  The original novel is certainly different, but it is also short and often seems rushed, failing to go deeper with some of the important points it brings up.  Clearly, the film has different intentions and indeed develops a number of subplots further (most notably the Arizona business trip with Ames Jainchill) in order to paint a picture of American society being pulled apart.   The film concentrates much on the metaphor of the American Wild West, past and present.  On the one hand, Jainchill represents a new type of American cowboy
 A lot has been said,HERE,in various reviews,about how this film reflects the time in which it was made..while true on many levels,few have ventured to guess why such a film may have mirrored its time so well..Paul Kersey,the Bronson charecter,the vigilante,was portrayed as a fortyish fellow which,in 1974,would have given him a birthdate before the second world war..Now while world history may have been in turmoil during the '30s,the '40s,and even into the '50s,local history,the history of american neighborhoods and communities,lumbered along pretty much as it always had...most people more or less trusted most of thier neighbors,doors were not always double-bolted,violence was from gangsters or as a result of some flare-up between friends or relatives...it was not random,it was not gratious..  The perpetrators in"Death Wish",dope addicts,muggers,random sadists,belong to a later generation,twenty or so years younger than Kersey..thier world is a world fueled by drugs,by freedoms without responsibility,and they inhabit a world that was rapidly turning to manure..laws had no teeth...communities were fragmented,over race,over the viet-nam conflict,over politics..Kennedy and King were not even a decade in thier graves...The court system,along with the lawyers,had begun taking a generation-long run at the laws necessary to hold the world in check..Victims were secondary to thier victimisers in terms of the legal community and the court system,and the police were restrained from both protecting the innocent or doing any real damage to the guilty...  This is the world in which this film operates...Kersey,a product of that other,older world,expected some protection for himself and his family,expected that the law would function as it should,and was horribly surprised to find that it did not..His world was shattered,and nothing whatever was done to rectify it...  Becoming a vigilante,while a step,was not one that was without precedent..at about this same time,in New York where this film was set,the real world had just encountered Bernard Goetz,the so-called"subway shooter"..a meek nebbish,Goetz had claimed that he was subject to threats and harrassment,on a subway car,from several youths,some of which Goetz had then shot...Given the criminal records some of his victims had,Goetz became something of a hero to the same sort of people as our mister Kersey,although,as in the film,law-enforcement took a very dim view of Goetz or his solution to this sort of problem...Indeed,despite the ample evidence that Goetz was indeed threatened by at least some of the youths involved,he,and not they,was the focus of police activity...  So then,do we have here a film that saw a real event and then re-wrote it to adapt better as a screen thriller,or do we have a film that absorbed much of what was going on in real life at that time and regurgitated it  back as a harrowing vision?  This first film was the best of the lot..All of the others that came afterward had less and less to say about why such a fellow as Kersey might be able to operate as he did,opting instead to raise the blood and body-count levels.ironicly playing to the same sense and senibilities  in the audience as Kersey the killer was gunning down on the cinematic streets...For as the death wish films repeated themselves endlessly thier core audience seemed more interested in violence and less interested in motivation,or consequences...and the Kersey charecter became a mere killing machine,piling up the bodies,but offering no solutions other than becoming the same sort of offender as those he turned his guns upon...  For Bronson,"Death Wish"was something of a turning point..In many of his films before he had cultivated a neat sort of personna,a half bad good guy,seen in"The Mechanic",  "The Magnificent Seven"and a number of other similiar vehicles..This film allowed Bronson to act,rather than to re-act,and it showed that he was more able to do so than was perhaps generally thought at that time...Alas,after"Death Wish"Bronson more or less gave in to the urge to become a"star"rather than remaining an actor..much of what he pumped out afterwards,with few exceptions,played to a core audience that went to see gunfire,blood and lots of violent activity,with little plotline and even less acting...  Is"Death Wish"a good movie?Yes,in it's way..It says a lot about the way we were,and even more about why we are the way we are now..
 I don't remember too many films from the 1970's the earned an entire OP/ED page in the N.Y. Times, but this urban classic did.  Controversy proved to be good box office and Bronson became a superstar as Paul Kersey.  DEATH WISH is a taunt thriller that sparked more than one water cooler discussion in 1974.  Michael Winner worked this one into a poster child for street justice and inspired more than a few real life imitators (the ad campaign boasted
 Michael Winner's provocative film is slightly more intelligent and much more insidious than Richard Fleisher's 'Mr.Majestyk.'  Charles Bronson is a Manhattan middle-aged architect who was at work's one day, when three brutal punks invade his Riverside Drive apartment and attack his loving wife and happily wed daughter... The wife was beating to death and the daughter savagely sexually assaulted, and sent traumatized into a near-vegetable state...  To escape the oppressive urban environment, Bronson goes to Tucson, Arizona on business, and gets the gun code of the Old West imprinted on his mind... He was given a .32 pistol as a going away present by a gun-loving millionaire...  Back in New York, Bronson carries one night his gift, and kills the first mugger who was molesting him... The first one was the hardest!  Then he discovers he likes it... He begins deliberately to tempt muggers, whether in an alley, on a subway train, or in a park... and that he mechanically guns them down...  The police couldn't identify him... This made him the 'avenging angel,' a true phantom 'one-man crusade.' In the eyes of the public, Bronson became a national figure--the vigilante...  The authorities were worried sick about the example he was setting... His actions seemed to be giving others new attitudes toward crime in the streets...  When Inspector Ochoa (Vincent Gardenia) identifies the mysterious vigilante, he was immediately ordered to scare him off...  The police commissioner asks him to quit, to desist, to go away, to stop!  If you have never seen Bronson in action by sundown, 'Death Wish' is the one to see...  Final comment
 The 70's really was the true golden age of "Hollywood", not the 30's. During the 70's film makers were allowed to put things on the screen that previous years would have forbidden. A slew of gritty no-nonsense movies found their way onto celluloid that simply wouldn't have got a green light the decade before.  "Death Wish was one of those films.  Its story is simple enough, mans wife (Hope Lange) and daughter (Kathleen Tolan) suffers horrific attack and man abandons his previous policy of pacifism and engages in a one-man killing spree of New York's ubiquitous scum. Other reviewers have detailed the story on Amazon, so I'll refrain from any more detail.  "Death Wish has been very much derided in its life-time and somewhat unfairly too. The low opinion some people have of the film is undoubtedly influenced by the absolutely awful sequels (from Death Wish III onwards. Death Wish II isn't that bad). The film is actually a very good attempt to tell the story of an ordinary man faced with an extraordinary situation and his reaction to it.  Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) doesn't strap on an M16 or Magnum, doesn't dress up in cool combat gear and doesn't destroy half of Manhattan is his pursuit of muggers. He quietly endures his pain for the first half of the film and the only instrument for enacting his revenge comes from a contracting client (Stuart Margolin) in Arizona. A relatively "uncool .32 revolver.  With this he goes about his business, but not with glee. He spills he guts after the first shooting and clearly it takes him some getting used to. There's no glory in Kersey's murders, but there is a sense of satisfaction available to the viewer. There's no glossy feeling to his actions. It's dirty work.  It's also a dirty movie too. Gritty and with a nasty feeling throughout, it shows 70's New York as a filthy, grimy and horrifically dangerous place...as it was.  Some of the direction is inevitably a bit off, as Michael Winner is not that good a director and some lines are delivered in a bad way. It has obvious budget constraints too, but the film itself doesn't suffer too badly from these drawbacks.  All in all, "Death Wish is a fine film, with a charismatic star and an entertaining story. It's a film of its period though and will certainly not appeal to everyone. But if you like gritty, serious, drama and have missed out on the film, then "Death Wish will be to your liking.
 Liberals hate it.... Bronson takes out the bad guys.... two reasons to love this movie.  The typical lib line is that the criminal is the victim, and the victim is the criminal; that's why when the criminal get theirs from Mr. B. you'll hear from the libs how terrible the message of this flick is.  They'll tell you "But they have rights".... what about the rights of their victims-- you won't hear the libs worry about that.  If you like to see the criminals and thugs get what's due to them, check this one out.  Bronson played a soft liberal at the beginning of the story, but saw his family ruined by murder and rape.  When the police couldn't find the perps, he went hunting.... and brought back a rack of trophies.  A classic flick.
 Ifound this movie under my parents bed last night, and I watched it because I read the plot and it sounded pretty good because it reminded me of my favorite game, Max Payne. The movie was alright, but I wanted Paul to find his wife's killers. I guess that is what the sequel is for. I also thought it ended too soon. If you like vigilante films, you'll love DEATH WISH!!!!!
 I recently saw  Death Wish  this year and instantly became one of my favorite films. The ageless Charles Bronson potrays a New York everyman whose wife and daughter are brutally attacked by scumbag intruders. The result has his wife dead and his daughter so distraught she has to be instutionized. Bronson's social mannerisms has turned into inner rage. He is given a handgun by an employee in Arizona and roams the scummy streets of NY. Bronson goes on a murder spree against muggers who try to piss him off. The police nickname the murderer the  vigilante killer.  I like the realism of Bronson's character. He's not a psychotic killer, just an ordinary man that's pissed off at the world. He feels remorse at first (throwing up after his first killing) but can't stop from killing people. The cops soon catch up to him but not after several slayings. Bronson gives a excellent performance who's like  dirty harry  ina way. I haven't seen the endless sequels, but i heard there not so good.
 This is a great escapist revenge film for anyone who's seen the evening news and been disgusted with the bleeding heart "solutions to crime & punishment. One question though, where are the DVD versions of Deathwish 2-4?
 It's hard to remember now, but there was a time when Michael Winner was just another director, one who produced some decent b-movies before having a freak hit that caught the mood of America at the time. 'Death Wish' was the hit - it elevated Charles Bronson to iconhood, and even today Winner's increasingly-laughable films have 'From the Director of 'Death Wish'' on the posters. This is the closet he ever got to creating a classic piece of cinema. This is based on a book, although the emphasis has been changed. Whereas the 'hero' of the novel was presented as a dangerous man who had eventually lost all reason, here, Bronson is basically Batman - Dirty Harry without restraint. As such, it's ambivalent. On the one hand, there's a primal kick in watching Bronson blow away thugs, but on the other hand it's hard to believe that real-life would be so clear-cut, and subsequent witch-hunts of paedophiles, satanists and rock fans show that it's hard to put rage back into the bottle from whence it came. The sequels became increasingly-harder to take seriously, and the bazooka-toting 'Death Wish 3' is a modern classic of silliness. As with all Winner's films, it looks like a television movie, and as with all Bronson's films, Bronson is Bronson - an older, grizzled tamplate for Schwarzenegger et al, he acts not as Paul Kersy but as Charles Bronson, movie star. It is, at the very least, interesting.
 Death Wish the first one was great no issues with this movie. I purchased it for my husband for christmas and we both loved it however; I also purchased Death wish 2 thru 4 on one DVD and it really was no good. The voice & sounds were delayed. I am very dissappointed. I know from now on not to order several movies on one DVD. I sincerely hope this review has helped you.
 Despite switching the emphasis around entirely from the novel's argument that vigilantes = bad to vigilantes = [...] great, the first Death Wish is a surprisingly pretty decent film, if only because Michael Winner still had enough ability to hire a crew and cast who knew what they were doing to make him look good. It's a shame that at a fairly late date new producer Dino De Laurentiis took over the project and changed his mind about the direction the film would take, though
 This is a review for the film DEATH WISH .  DEATH WISH  is the controversial film starring Charles Bronson released in 1974 directed by Michael Winner  from a novel by Brian Garfield. Charles Bronson plays a New Yorker  pacifist architect named Paul Kersey whose wife is murdered and daughter is disabled for life by three heartless home invaders. Paul's life is pretty much destroyed as well and his boss thinks a change of scenery will do him some good so he is assigned to a project in Arizona where he meets up with friendly folks who among other things, have guns and shooting as a hobby. Paul indulges in their pastime a little bit but without much enthusiasm and upon returning home finds one of them has given him a gaily wrapped going away present, a very nice pistol with ammo, all set to fire.  Paul's daughter is still in a bad way and he can't get his mind off the punks who did her and her mother in. After a time Paul begins walking the streets and finally takes the gun with him, and eventually using it on street crooks of all stripes, just as they threaten him.  Eventually his anonymous actions garner much publicity and the NYPD devote much time and energy trying to find out his identity and track him down.  DEATH WISH is an exciting exersize in revenge and street justice and even though most viewers understand that what Paul is doing is best left up to the law, it's hard not to root for the "little guy finally getting some self- made satisfaction with just a small fraction of the creeps who make modern urban life something of an occasional nightmare.  A well made film. really worth seeing. I rate DEATH WISH Four and One Half Stars.
 When Hollywood needed an actor who could portray a character without overshadowing the story line, they always called on Charles Bronson.  His long career was a continuous portrayal of characters, not story lines. In this first installment, Paul Kersey is a man who is the average everyman.  He has a family, job and future which is abruptly wrenched from him by society's dregs.  Although he still tries to go on with his life, police incompetence and political cowardness only encourages the predators until Kersey feels compelled to act in a manner contraty to his own personal ideals.  A man trapped by events, he is nevertheless a formidable foe against those who would act wantonly and even the police don't want the general public to know how well he is doing their job.  How effective is Bronson?  On the screen he was Paul Kersey, or Jack Murphy, or Albert Johnson.  He was never Paul Kersey being Jack Murphy, etc.  He was one of a kind, and they broke the mold.
 In "Death Wish", pimps, drug-addicts, extortionists, thieves and other petty crooks rule most of New York City. When an ordinary, politically-noninterventionist citizen, Paul Kersey (played by Charles Bronson), finds that street ruffians have attacked his wife to death and raped his daughter causing her to go into a loss of consciousness, he seeks help from the law. With the police's apparent unwillingness to ameliorate the situation by finding the crooks, he is pushed to the limit, making Kersey decide to become vigilante. With a revolver he received from a friend while on a vacation in Texas soon after the tragedy, he stalks the streets of NYC. He lures any people he suspects as a crook or sees doing unlawful deeds into following him to a decent spot where he can shoot them. Although he greatly reduces the crime-rate of the city, this nonetheless has the police in question as to whether they are really doing their proper duties. The media tries to portray "the vigilante as a menace to society but fail to convince people. But Kersey must beware of being caught. Although Bronson's characterization as a normal-mild-mannered-man-turned-vigilante is specified for an acquired taste, as he seems like super-cool hero at times, the film's concept is thought-provoking. The scenes where Charles Bronson confronts random petty crooks are very suspenseful. The music is well orchestrated with catchy vibes and a good match for the overall tone of the film. Be warned
 When Michael Winner asked the late Charles Bronson if he'd like to star in his new movie 'Death Wish', about a mild mannered chap who goes on a rampage shooting scumbags when his family is attacked, Bronson replied "Id like to do that". "The movie? Winner enquired, "No", responded Bronson, "Shoot some scumbags". When it was released in 1974, Death Wish stirred up enormous controversy. With its violent rape scene and apparent condoning of Paul Kersey's vigilante activities, Vincent Canby of the New York Times called it "one of the sickest movies ever made", claiming that it "raises complex questions in order to offer bigoted, frivolous, oversimplified answers". The films message in enunciated best by Kersey in conversation with his wet blanket of a son in law; "What do you call people who, when they're faced with a condition of fear, run away?". His son sheepishly asks "Civilised?". In the west, society works on the understanding that when members of the public are done wrong, the State, which holds the monopoly on legitimate violence, takes peoples rights of revenge and retribution on itself. With this comes the caveat that the State is duty bound to exercise this right of revenge and retribution. But, as this film poses, what are we supposed to do when the authorities rescind this right, and by definition the rights of victims and the public, in the face of left wing/liberal notions of fairness for crooks? When the police don't protect us, who does? For those who think this film silly, just look at the case of British farmer Tony Martin. Repeatedly burgled and repeatedly told by the police that they were powerless to act, Martin shot one burglar dead and wounded another when his home was broken into again. Unlike the burglars, Martin was arrested and sent to jail. The burglar who escaped was subsequently given legal aid to sue Martin. In Death Wish the police spend considerably more time trying to apprehend Kersey than the scum he is after. This is provocative political film making of the highest calibre, not far behind Pontecorvo's 'Battle of Algiers' and Costa Gavras' 'Z'. Some criticise the film for the ease with which Bronson finds muggers. As the Canadian film critic Mark Steyn wrote, "To be sure, he sort of goes looking for trouble. But in 1970's New York you didn't have to look far
 This is the third freaking time I've written a review for this tape and this is the last one I'm concocting. What can be said about DEATH WISH? Well, a lot more would be said if submitted reviews were posted. OKAY, it's a revenge PLOT! But the very best ever and Alan Ladd can't hold a candle to Chuck! This film has much violence, some rape, and nudity. Enjoy Bronson's mannered but effective performance.
 I'd seen bits and pieces of this over the years, but never the whole thing straight through until now. Charles Bronson is Paul Kersey, a successful New York architect in a happy marriage, with a son and daughter-in-law. Right away the film telegraphs its POV about violence, when one of Kersey's coworkers calls him a knee-jerk liberal and, knowing it's a Bronson film, we can see that an awakening is about to happen.  For those who don't know the story, I'll make it brief. Kersey's wife and daughter-in-law are viciously attacked by a trio of hoodlums (including a young Jeff Goldblum) in Kersey's apartment; his wife dies and the daughter-in-law is left so emotionally scarred that she never recovers and ends up in a sanitarium. In the early scenes, before and after the attack, we see a crime-infested New York where violence is casual, everyday, all over - and a police force that is powerless. Bronson undergoes a slow metamorphosis - to the credit of the film, he clearly has doubts about what he's doing - as he decides to take the law into his own hands upon finding that the cops can't do anything. Interestingly, he never really speaks out against the police though his son more than once says "nobody can do anything. At first he just puts some rolled-up quarters in a sock and carries it with him as insurance, at one point fighting off an attempted mugging - but after a lengthy trip to Tucson where he makes friends with a client who turns out to be a gun collector, he decides to arm himself seriously, and a one man (and five movie) war on crime begins...  This got lambasted by liberal film critics when it came out, of course, just as DIRTY HARRY had three years previously, but what's interesting about it today is how low-key the attacks on liberal values are, and in fact the film really doesn't go after anything except on-the-street violence. Of course it completely ignores class and race issues, except for one brief comment where somebody at a party mentions that there are more black criminals than white - it basically just treats all "criminals as scum who enjoy preying on their victims. It does get a bit more disturbing as it goes along, and we see Kersey acting first, deliberately getting himself into situations where he might be in danger, and then blowing people away before they even have a chance to go at him. No question that the morality here is decided skewed to the right, but as I say, not so much as you might expect given its reputation. Probably the most extreme part is at the very end, when the rather sympathetic police detective (Vincent Gardenia) who's been in charge of hunting down "the vigilante lets Kersey go - but given the vision of the city this film gives us, this isn't really unexpected.  The film-making though is quite solid; one thing director Michael Winner - never the most subtle or "artistic of filmmakers - can do is propel a story forward, with very little in the way of needless exposition or explanation.  We don't need that much here; Winner and Bronson are creating an archetype, and they seem to know it.  The New York locations are well used, and Bronson is...Bronson. Great music by Herbie Hancock.
 Death Wish is a somewhat dated 1974 crime/action drama. It started the Death Wish series in which four sequels were made. It's hard to imagine anyone else but Charles Bronson playing Paul Kersey. The murdering punks are played in an unbelievable fashion. Michael Winner's directing style is not my favorite to be honest but the film still works. I can only imagine what watching this film in theaters would have been like in 1974.
 Death Wish (1974) needs no introduction, as almost everyone will have heard of the film, and sequels it generated.  Starring Charles Bronson as Paul Kersey and the lovely Hope Lange as Joanna Kersey, and Vincent Gardenia as the saavy, wisest, most powerful police officer or commissioner who thinks fast on his feed (also seen in "The Big Racket ") it packs a powerful presence, as much as its release date over 30 years ago, mainly from the perception of police work not having changed much over that time, by the public.  Although widescreen, the image quality could have been better than the TV resolution. The audio suffers immensely, being 10 times poorer than any movie that I can remember,  some of it overdubbed, and mono in quality.  The composition of the soundtrack,  underestimated, after 50 mins turns out very well, as the classical numbers heard during the building of the story progresses to a mixture of pop and modern numbers as the action gets underway.  The acting, as said, is top notch from all the actors, the charisma and warmth of the actors plainly visible.  The F/X are well done (bloodpacks,  knife wounds, etc.)  Starting out with an intimate vacation in Hawaii lasting 2 weeks, during which NYC goes through dozens of homicides, the officers are cavalier and lackadaisical about street crime, enough that one of the punks (played by Jeff Goldblum who bares his bottom at one point and shows his tight pants to the girl at the cash, in another) and his gang lethally assaults  Kersey's wife and psychologically damages the daughter.  The downtown scene is exposed, with muggings leveraged by weapons comprising rocks in a sock, various switch blades, pistols, car wheel irons.The public enjoys itself oblivious to surroundings, the risks, the sex workers, police vans, unmarked vehicles, tailed suspects, etc.  The story is that Kersey ( Dr. Jekyll ), being a mild-mannered, objector of conscien having served in the military, and well aware of the accidents that happen on hunting trips and hesitant in using pistols, turns into a vigilante ( "Mr Hyde").  With witha lonely present, Kersey is fascinated with the chaos in the streets when arriving from work as a top architect.  The power of the mass media (TV, newspapers, word of mouth), is underlined, as NYC vigilantism turns into a top story, while politicians gauge and fear the reaction of the voting public (including D.A.)  Thumb prints, ballistic science, blood type matching, researching records, logical and deductive reasoning of events occurring in the subway, city parks, underground parking garages, dark streets and alleys after 9 PM (West side, Columbus Ave) are all valuable tools.  The film is dated mainly from the American car designs of the 70's, the use of payphones vs.  cell phones.  The trailer is not to miss.
 GREAT ACTING BY CHARLES BROSNAN! ENJOYABLE TO WATCH. REALLY GREAT CINEMATIC PIECE!
 Don't listen to the elitist opinions of the "expert movie critics! They diss the movie for it's "right wing message; the same mentality as that of liberal criminal coddlers. Their pacifism and neglect of the innocent's plea for justice created the need for vigilantism! In Death Wish, Bronson's character starts as such a liberal. Never having been a victim of crime, war conscientious objector Paul Kersey has his glass house shattered when street thugs attack his wife and daughter. With his wife dead and his daughter left in a vegetative state, Kersey uses his time remembering his family and visiting the police station, hoping for an update on the perpetrators that committed this crime. Frustrated by the lack of attention to this crime, Kersey is sent by his firm on a business trip to the Southwest; hoping this will help his grieving. His client, a pro 2nd amendment American, introduces Kersey to conservative crime prevention - the right to keep and bear arms. Returning home to New York, Kersey begins his conversion to vigilantism. Systematically eliminating criminals, the city's crime plummets. New York's "Vigilante gains support for his actions from the general public; at the same time, the legal system (Trial attorneys?) is feeling the pressure of lost business (remember Dirty Harry's famous line
 The Bottom Line
 talk about bang for your buck-weighing in at four hours and twenty five minutes of (mostly) music for a mere twenty bucks-and quite probably a superior visual and aural experience than the far more expensive 'real thing.' two full concerts in separate venues and four supplemental songs from a third-the gorgeous red rock amphitheater. tack on the 'stephenville, texas' video-one of her best and wittiest autobiographical numbers-and a most revelatory interview in which she describes her surprising musical influences and you have a sumptuous and definitive collection from an original and intelligent artist. It's shot beautifully throughout-the camera work is graceful and unobtrusive-it shows you everything you want to see without ever calling attention to itself. Both concerts capture her rare spirit and prodigious energy beautifully, assisted by a fair amount (and welcome) patter between the audience and other band members, including stories of her odyssey from the alaskan wilderness to super-stardom. true, a fair number of songs appear twice, and a couple may even show up three times...and at least one of the longer life stories is repeated almost word for word in two of the venues...minor quibbles swallowed up by the sheer delight and emotional wallop of the music...jewel is clearly the real deal and there's no better proof than this rock'em sock'em package of wonders...
 Melvin is a Troma-Style zombie movie that even has a cameo by Lloyd Kaufman, president of Troma Studios. It gets off to a rocky start, but it does get better as it goes along. It's sometimes funny, often gory, and usually entertaining, with a nude shower scene for all the perverts out there. It's low-budget as hell, but that's part of its charm. Not perfect, but worth watching for the indie horror fan.
 this is an okay movie, but why is one of the scariest scenes of all time ignored in every review of this film? In a nightmare sequence, the main character is sitting in his living room doing homework, his father has his feet propped up by the fireplace reading the paper, his mom is cooking dinner in the kitchen, and his little brother and sister are sitting in the floor watching Sesame Street. Someone knocks at the front door. the father answers it. In comes four rotting corpses with bulging red eyes dressed in military gear and armed to the teeth. they blast the father, literally blow away the mother, kick in the TV and then massacre the two young kids. they then shoot up the place some more and set fire to the bloody kid's corpses. the main character is being held at knifepoint the whole time this is happening, and after the carnage, the ghoul slits his throat and then slams his head down onto the table. When I saw this, I had to actually stop watching the rest of the movie. I was so disturbed, that I could not even sleep at all that night. In fact, to this day, if someone is over and happen to flip over to this movie on TV, I actually insist that they change the channel just because I dread this scene SO MUCH!!
 With the exception of Michael Jackson's "Thriller", this is the greatest work director John Landis ever produced. This comedy/horror hybrid is fast paced, brief and to the point. Alternating between producing genuine frightening moments and real eroticism (the use of Van Morrison's "Moondance during a steamy sex scene is sheer genius) while allowing subversive imagery (the Jewish in-jokes are really a Jungian buffet of dark humor), and genuine organic laughs, Landis (WEREWOLF being unlike the rest of his work) uncannily finds a way to create a lusciously loaded and layered film with economy and precision.  Much has been written about the Rick Baker special effects and they are truly stunning and there isn't a hint of CGI to be found. The famous transformation scene is the best of the werewolf sub-genre as it is well-lit and performed with Sam Cooke's golden throat silking through "Blue Moon on the soundtrack.  The leads are capable, likable and evoke empathy- a rare feet for a contemporary horror film. Jenny Agutter, one of films great underappreciated  female leads, lends her usual strong, sensual support.  Celebrating the classic horror film while also gently spoofing it, Landis creates a contemporary horror/comedy classic hybrid that improves with each successive viewing.
 Excellent movie! The beginning of the film is downright scary. As the 2 characters wonder through the moors at night, and the werewolf is howling in the distance, then gradually gets closer and closer, scary stuff. Another awesome scene is in the subway. This movie still stands the test of time.
 The horror classic AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON, directed by John Landis, is definately a must-see film and now a cult favorite.  It's also one of my favorite films!  Everything's great here and Rick Baker's effects are top-notch.  It's just awesome!  This DVD is also great, with a load of special features and a great presentation.  A must-have for horror fans!
 In my opinion, it is the most well made werewolf film ever made. Compared with other werewolf films, special effects scenes are very impressive. It can be compared with &iexcl;he Howling&iexcl;in the scene, which changes to a werewolf. Both are pretty outstanding. &iexcl;he Howling&iexcl;is more dreary and stylish, but this film is more humorous. That is the reason the director of this film is John Landis who usually made well comedy movies such as &iexcl;lues Brothers&iexcl; This is not a film that makes a mood gravely or horribly. On the contrary, it gives a laugh. One of funny scenes is, people who murdered by werewolf, appear again with looks what they are killed at that time. Absurdly, they come out at the adult theater to threaten werewolf, David, who killed them, to do a suicide. That is what they can get out of terrible appearance. The scene that David changes to werewolf and kills people ruthlessly at the middle of the city, London, is remarkably striking. Humor and wit, this is a peculiarity of this film. After this film&iexcl; success, imitation film, &iexcl;n American Werewolf in Paris&iexcl;was made in 1997. However, it developed only computer graphic scenes. Nothing was special, it was a completely parody of this film.
 John Landis movies usually have a strange blend of subtlety and low-brow, and this is no exception. The scary moments are memorable, and the black comedy of the frequent visits by the deceased is funny, grisly and even a little haunting. But I still don't understand that weird dream sequence where David Naughton's family is killed by demonic Nazis...
 Forget the fact that this movie has the best make-up effects for a werewolf.....the script and direction of the flim is superiour! This flim is highly under rated and most of all the funniest werewolf movie of them. It's like a better version of the old Universal flick from the old school. Landis knew what he was doing with this movie in terms of humor and pure horror ( Sam R. was the only other director to blend these factors together perfectly in his film  Evil Dead 2
 This is a classic werewolf movie from John Landis. The special effects by Rick BAker although not CGI but remain impressive after 20 years. The picture quality is fine and the Dolby 5.1 sounded like mono to me. Too bad the DVD is out of print as this DVD should be in every DVD collector's but you can still find it from ebay where a lot of Canadians offering this for auction. The sequel, American Werewolf in Paris is OK though nowhere as good as this one. Please do another sequel, in Rome this time perhaps?
 I can't compare the blu-ray quality to that of a dvd since this is the only copy I've owned.  The blu-ray only cost me $12 or something though so that's a great deal to me!  In terms of the movie, this is one of the best werewolf movies of all time and hands down, has the best werewolf transformation scene of any other movie.  There are certain aspects of the movie that can really creep the viewer out, and then there are some scenes that are purposefully cheesy.  Eitherway you love it or don't.  I love it!
 The blu ray of American Werewolf is a thing of beauty. Like it was filmed yesterday, the effects now have the nostalgic feel of a time before computers did everything for us. In the special features it was nice to see how the stars and director had aged gracefully. That it never got a proper sequel still amazes me. It's never too late.
 The copy of this 1990 VIDEO TREASURES VHS that I received in Feb. 2010 has a cover photo of the two young Americans' nightime wandering of the moors in Wales. Recorded in LP speed, picture sharpness suffers slightly but is still acceptable. A linear mono audio track, not HiFi, is strong and clear. Of greatest importance
 I saw this film in the theater when released and was very impressed. I have always loved Universal's Wolfman and was skeptical when they went with the four legged variety in this film, but it works. Rick Baker's effects are outstanding and the wolfman transformation still looks incredible. I personally like the mix of horror and dark humor in this film and having Claude Rains in this film is a respectful nod to the original! The DVD has a good transfer and some interesting extras.
 John Landis's "An American Werewolf in London is without a doubt the best werewolf movie ever made. Basically, the plot features David Kesseler and his friend Jack Goodman in England on a trip.  While on the moors, they are attacked by a werewolf rendering Jack dead and Kesseler badly wounded.  Hence, Jack survived the attack and becomes a werewolf where he is taken to a London hospital.  Slowly but surely, Kesseler feels the transformation from a human being into a creature of the night, all of which provides great entertainment for any horror movie audience.  The special effects in this movie are second to none...in fact, the scene where David Kesseler actually transforms into a werewolf is so real looking that it actually hurts the viewer just to watch.  Of course, the always funny but undead "Jack is also brilliantly done in his undead form as he appears numerous times with his neck torn out and his body continues to deteriorate throughout the movie.  Even the dreams of David Kesseler are absolutely horrifying and so well done that the creatures in these dreams, upon a first viewing, appear to the audience like this action is actually taking place in the movie and not just in Kesseler's mind.  One of my personal favorite scenes is the dream where Kesseler is in the bed in the woods when Nurse Alex visits David and he turns around with an absolutely harrowing monster face that will scare the pants off of just about anyone.  These dreams provide a logical transformation process of David into a werewolf that the audience can actually intellectually grasp and appreciate, which makes this movie that much more effective as a horror movie.  The acting in this movie is outstanding as is the directing and production values.  The inserted dark comedy, e.g. Jack in "undead form and the silly cop, in "An American Werewolf in London actually meshes quite well with the horror in this movie which is quite rare for horror movies.  Nevertheless, "An American Werewolf in London actually pulls this dark comedy-horror flick off quite well where other horror movies that have tried the same tactic have failed miserably i.e. the comedy actually neutralizes the horror in these second rate flicks relegating the flick to "joke status".  The only real cricism I can come up with "An American Werewolf in London is actually one of its charms/strengths that make it a great movie.  That being said, however, from a "TRUE and unadulterated horror critic's perspective focusing on the aspect of fear evoked in an audience, the dark comedy actually provides comic relief to said audience where if left out, the audience would be left confronted with this pure and unadulterated horror this movie clearly evokes in any sophisticated horror movie audience...however, if the dark comedy is omitted, one is left to ponder whether the movie would work as well in a general kind of way without this advent of dark comedy.  While I do not think that "An American Werewolf in London is one of the greatest horror movies of alltime, I do believe it to be a great horror movie and is without a doubt the best werewolf movie of all time and is certainly a must own for any true horror movie fan.
 There may be a lot of comedy in this film, but it is really horror and tragedy.  As soon as one starts watching one can tell that this film will not have a happy ending (unlike Landis's Innocent Blood).  A pair of young Americans are touring the English countryside when they fall afoul of a werewolf.  One winds up dead while the other is only wounded.  He wakes up three weeks later in a hospital to discover that there is some sort of coverup regarding what happened.  The tending nurse falls for him while the doctor trusts the sincerity and looks into the events.  But the full moon quickly rises and all concerned begin to realize that something is very definitely wrong.  The werewolf is a classic tragic monster and this film maintains that tradition.  No one asked to be a werewolf and they did not get that way through their own actions.  But this is not a typical werewolf film.  There is a higher degree of characterization and interaction than is usual.  Landis fans will recognize his signature catch-phrase taken from the title of his "adult movie attempt.  That movie is actually being shown in the theater where one of the film's important meetings takes place.
 Two American's are attacked by a massive beast one dark, foggy night while back-packing in the English moors. One is killed, the other is sent to the hospital. David, the survivor, is then plagued by disturbing, violent nightmares brought on by his near death experience. Soon his dead friend begins re-appearing (in various stages of decomposition) informing David that they were attacked by a werewolf and if he doesn't kill himself soon, he will become one himself and will be responsible for many deaths. David does not believe his dead chum and dismisses his claims as rubbish. That is of course until that night when things start to get a little hairy.  Next to "The Howling", this werewolf spectacle is one of my favourite all time horror movies. It's an odd mixture of horror and humour. So even if you hate "fright films, you may find something to like here. The film's cast is first rate. It doesn't have any world famous superstars but the actors give good performances throughout. Jenny Agutter, the werewolf's love interest, is lovely to look at while Griffen Dunne is hysterical as the walking dead friend given the difficult task of tormenting his buddy. The lead actor, David Naughton is also excellent. His portrayal of the tormented David is touching. But despite the film's impressive cast, the real reason to see this film is for its ingenious makeup effects. No CGI monsters here folks, instead the viewer is rewarded with several creative scenes of grotesque imagery. The transformation scene is especially spellbinding. It qualifies as the greatest werewolf transformation scene ever screened. The beast is not clearly shown until the final frames of the film so during those earlier attack scenes, the camera acts as the beast's eyes and the overall effect is chilling (The subway scene never fails to send chills up my spine). This picture's major highlight is its spectacular climax. Once the beast is unleashed upon the people of London, all hell breaks loose. There are car crashes, bus crashes, people being run over by cars. It's wonderfully chaotic and violent.  I don't know which film I like better, this one or "The Howling". They're both outstanding horror films but despite the werewolf theme, they are different. "The Howling takes place in a rural setting while "Werewolf In London takes place in an urban one. In my opinion, "The Howling is darker, more frightening, "Werewolf In London is funnier but gorier. The transformation scenes also differ. Dante's film is less spectacular but nastier, more bone-chilling and the werewolves look more like wolves and stand upright. The beast in "London walks on all fours resembling a massive, mutated dog. I urge the viewer to watch both films and decide for themselves which they like better.  "An American Werewolf In London is a classic and it's highly recommended. It's tongue-and-cheek horror done splendidly with one of the fiercest werewolves ever captured on film. Enjoy!  4.5 out of 5.
 This is my second favorite werewolf film ever made.Actually,its such a close tie between this film&The Howling...it is virtually impossible to choose between the two.This film has just the right ammont of folklore,gore&scares to satisfy anyone,plus it's own added touch of dark comedy.There are a number of good funny bits in it,like waking up in the London zoo naked&stealing a little boy's ballons to make his run for it,or having coversations with his dead,rotting friend in a [...] theater.The special effects are legendary,and nothing out there between this film&The Howling have come close in recent years to my recollection.With the onslaught of cgi effects taking over in the last 10 or so,I'm hoping&waiting someone out there will resort to "the old school and make something else as memorible as this film.This is a great movie,and if you have never seen it...you won't believe your eyes.This one is a classic,and well worth every penny.
 An American Werewolf in London is basically John Landis' take on The Wolfman.  (There's even an Easter Egg preview of the Wolfman on this Special Edition disc.)   Instead of having the wolf walk on two legs Wolfman style, however, Landis hired famed makeup artist Rick Baker to design a werewolf that ran on all fours.  The results are much more frightening indeed.  While by today's standards the wolf may look tame, the transformation sequences and death scenes are very tense.   And Landis, who dirceted many of the National Lampoon movies, doesn't forget to add in a healthy dose of humor here and there, and it works quite well.  The movie is somehow both very scary and very funny.   This special edition disc is loaded with extras, including documentaries on the making of the wolf, behind the scenes, outtakes, interviews with John Landis, and recommendations for further viewing.   It's a great horror film, shot beautifully with good makeup and creature effects.  Worth seeing.
 So these two american guys are walking around england, on vacation. And they come to this creepy little town out in the middle of the misty moors. And ... they don't stay the night; instead they choose to push on, despite the rain and general nastyness and their being on foot. Which, given the general attitude of the townsfolk, seems perfectly reasonable.  Anyways, I'd never seen it, I'd never heard anything about it when I watched it. It's funny and gross and silly, and I love the music. (Is there a soundtrack? "I seeeee a baa-aad moon risin'...") I recommend it to werewolf & horror fans everywhere.
 Great special effects in this movie push my rating to a four. As a fan of the old time werewolf movies this one lacks in atmosphere and acting. Its a fun watch but without Lon Chaney Jr. it just aint the Wolfman. Sound and picture quality are excellent.
 American Werewolf is one of THE seminal werewolf films.  Period.  It is certainly in the top 3 along with Universal Studios brilliant "The Wolfman".  Even after 20+ years, it holds up exceptionally well.  Rick Baker's effects, particularly the transformation and the werewolf in Picadilly, still amaze.  And in HD they look even better.  The HD DVD version has a nice picture.  Nice, not great.  The stock itself was mediocore and the HD conversion shows the flaws of the original film stock.  The picture is a little softer though not as grainy as some other 80s films blown up to HD.  The sound quality is very nice and is definitely an improvement over the SD DVD.  The extras are nice, particularly the effects feature.  Overall, a really nice job done on a terrific film.  Definitely recommended for horror fans!
 I first saw this movie in the theatres in the early 80's when it first came out. I loved it back then and think that it has withstood the test of time rather well. Rick Baker's makeup still looks as good today as it did 20 years ago. The story is about a couple of American college students backpacking across Europe. They encounter a werewolf, one of them dies, and the other is turned into a werewolf. There is romance, comedy, and horror all wrapped up into one movie. This movie will appeal to a variety of audiences but be forewarned that some of Rick Baker's makeup is gruesome. I would classify this as a romantic comedy with gore, not just a horror movie. The video transfer was well done but there was a bit of grain early on in the movie. I assume this was due to the film stock condition. The video has deep blacks, minimal color bleeds, and no noticeable edge enhancement or artifacting. The DTS 5.1 audio track is very good considering the source track was Mono. The rears are used a few times as well as the subwoofer but most of the sound comes from the center channel. This again is probably due to the fact that the source audio was a mono track.
 Kind of CAMPY at times but I enjoyed it enough to buy it.Good cast /Great special effects.For the horror movie buff- A must see.Enjoy Lisa C.
 An American Werewolf in London stands the test of time for fun and scares.  While some of the pioneering make-up effects look great, others are downright hokey.  Watch the special features for great behind-the-scenes information on creating the effects.
  American Werewolf in London  is a difficult movie to evaluate. What genre do you place it in?  Watching parts of this movie, you would think  American Werewolf  is a dark-comedy, then it switches over to gruesome horror, then back to funny scenes again.  Really weird style.  Regardless, the performances are good, and the scary scenes are definitely scary.  Jenny Agutter is probably the standout of the movie.
 Another cult film with Jenny Agutter. She nurses a guy turning into a werewolf. The movie parodies itself. Moon songs are played. The best is Bad Moon Rising by Creedence Clearwater Revival. John Fogerty of CCR wrote 20 rock classics including Proud Mary and Green River. The scene where David Naughton turns into a werewolf is disturbing. Jenny Agutter has had some weird love interest. In Walkabout, she is with an aborigine. In Logan's Run, it is a Sandman. In Othello, it is Shakespeare's black soldier. Here, it is a werewolf.
 And if you love werewolves, all the better. "An American Werewolf in London works on so many levels, that its small wonder so many regard it as a latter-day classic of the genre. A quarter of a century has passed since its original release and An American Werewolf in London still stands (hairy) head and shoulders above any other lycanthrope movie. Its perfect direction from John Landis, great black humor, groundbreaking make-up effects, and wonderful performances make the 1981 classic absolutely unmissable. Naughton plays David Kessler, an American back-packer traveling across Europe with his best pal Jack (Griffin Dunne). However, stopping off to visit the Yorkshire moors turns out to be a big mistake when the two lads are attacked by a werewolf and so goes the story.  As the "Werewolf of the title, Naughton does very well, especially in scenes where his costume consists mostly of excess hair. And as his buddy, Dunne easily steals the film with his observations and his worsening situation. And the special effects! Rick Baker once again makes his name supreme as makeup wizard unparalleled with so many different effects for werewolf transformations, attacks, zombified victims, etc. But there's another side to this film you may not see coming. This film has one of the best senses of humor in this genre since "The Bride of Frankenstein". You'll forever try to mimic the mother's response when her son tells her, "A naked American man stole my balloons!  I would never dream of telling you how it ends; but consider that this was directed by John Landis, think about the other films he's directed then see if what you expected comes out in the end. It did for me. One final note
 One of the great horror films.  A nice mix of chills and humor at all the right place.  The story finds 2 hikers in the English countryside when they are attacked.  One is killed, the other ends up with bites and scrapes, but still alive in a London hospital where he takes up with a nurse.  He is not sure what attacked them, but with regular visits from his dead friend and the next full moon, he finds out.  David Naughton of "Makin It singing fame does a real good job with his role.  The werewolf change scene done long before CGI is still top notch.  This film holds up well in rewatch.  A worthy addition to any collection.
 Great movie with fantastic special effects--the second disc contains info about how the special effects were created....creepy but incredible for its time!
 I wasn't really looking forward to watching An American Werewolf in London, but the film has gained a strong cult reputation over the past two decades, and that was enough for me to give it a shot. For the most part, the film is deserving of its rep. Werewolf movies are pretty rare these days, finding a good one is even rarer. And even though AWIL wouldn't overall qualify as a great film, the fact that it's among the best of its subgenre is a good implication of the lack of quality evident in movies based around lycanthropes. David Kessler and Jack Goodman (David Naughton and Griffin Dunne) are two American friends on vacation in the hills of England. One dark and foggy night, they're attacked by a werewolf, Jack is eviscerated while David is only injured. He awakens in a hospital, put under the care of pretty nurse Alex Price (Jenny Agutter), whom he quickly finds himself attracted to (and vice versa). But the day he's to be discharged, he's met by the undead spirit of Jack, who informs David that he will turn into a werewolf during the next full moon, and will proceed to go on a killing spree. The only way he can end his torment is to die, an option David is not willing to accept. The opening scenes, set in the hills of England, display a quietly creepy atmosphere (which would be evident throughout all of Dog Soldiers, the best werewolf movie ever made) that gets the film rolling to a good start. Surprisingly, once the movie settles into its London setting, it doesn't lose momentum. This is thanks mostly to the budding romance between Naughton and Agutter, which is really sweet and believable. The two also share one of the steamiest love scenes I've seen. Naughton is very likeable as the cursed young man, infusing his role with youthful energy and vitality. Because of his performance, it's hard not to find his dilemma distressing and even poignant. Agutter is excellent as David's new love, taking what could have been a cliched role and shaping it into a focused and layered performance. No one else makes much of an impression, except maybe Griffin Dunne as the ever decaying, undead Jack. Much of this movie's fan base stands behind it because of its humor. But to be honest, except for a morbidly funny scene inside a porno theater (involving David talking to all his victims), I didn't really get much in the way of laughs. Who knows, I may have to give the film another look to get all the jokes, but An American Werewolf in London feels like it mostly wants to be taken seriously, and director John Landis packs in enough tense and suspenseful moments to make it work as such. The most famed aspect of the film is David's transformation, a scene that show off Rick Baker's superlative make-up work. However, not as impressive is when the werewolf actually moves about while stalking and attacking its victims. A couple of scenes are obviously nothing more than a bunch of f/x guys waving a furry animatronic wolf head at would-be victims, not exactly effective when it comes to evoking pure, shuddering terror. The abrupt ending is initially bothersome, but further thought has convinced me that to continue with the film after the final scenes would have been unnecessary and probably less emotionally effective.  This is one superb horror thriller.
 A very good werewolf movie. But the special effects could have been better but it had a very good story line and there is some comdey in it as well.
 This movie was originally lauded for Rick Baker's special effects makeup. Although when compared directly to today's CGI it is klunky, the transformation scene is nonetheless startling.  But this movie is about more than special effects. It is directed and edited in a way that keeps you off-balance. You find yourself laughing at talking, decaying corpses. You find yourself on the edge of your seat while following a businessman through the narrow passages of the London tube. You find yourself pulling for a protagonist who ultimately can only have one solution to his problem.  It is among my favorite of the monster genre.
 The package was received with the product inside. This item was given out for Xmas, so I have NO real idea if the product works or not.
 Two American students are on a walking tour of England and are attacked by a Werewolf. One is killed, the other is mauled. The Werewolf is killed, but reverts to it's human form, and the townspeople are able to deny it's existence. The surviving student begins to have nightmares of hunting on 4 feet at first, but then finds that his friend and other recent victims appear to him, demanding that he find a way to die to release them from their curse, being trapped between worlds because of their unnatural death. A near definitive werewolf movie that's bloody, scary, funny, satirical,intelligent, sexy, charming and ultimately sad. With a soundtrack that's perfectly placed, and composer Elmer Bernstein perfectly placing the music. Grab the popcorn and hang on folks.
 This film plays more like a Black Comedy, than a Horror Film, partly due to the fact that Griffin Dunne's character Jack Goodman, isn't to be taken too seriously. Also, due to the fact that John Landis (The Blues Brothers, Trading Places), is also known for comedy films. So, the script, tends to look at the humor, rather than the horror. In any case, the film is entertaining, and when the film came out, 1981, it was a different approach, to the material, that's been done before.
 Good old movie.  Grandchildren, seeing it for the first time, were not nearly as frighten as I was the first time I saw it.
 I really enjoyed seeing this movie again, it's one of my favorites from when I was young. However, I don't know if it is worth the price difference to buy old movies in Blueray.
 One of the best horror film's ever made!!  GREAT ACTOR's!!!!!  I love English..EVEREYTHING!!! I will take an English NURSE please!!  It's so hard to talk about this..JUST MAKE SURE YOU SEE THIS IN YOUR LIFE!!!  The begining of this is about as CLASICK as you can ever get!!  ''That's a five pointed star''  JUST MAKE SURE YOU SEE THIS..VERY STRANGE!!!
 THIS IS THE MOVIE THAT ONE AN OSCAR IN SCIFI HISTORY.IT WAS THE BEGINNING OF SPECIAL EFFECTS OF TODAY.
 I bought this DVD as a gift for my hubby.  This is one of his favorite movies.  He was really happy when I gave it to him because he didn't have this movie on DVD yet.
 Director/Writer John Landis and Make-up Artist Rick Baker reinvent the werewolf movie with AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON. With definite nods to the classic werewolf and wolfman films of years past, and though more or less adhering to the basic tenets of the traditional werewolf legend, Landis and Baker create a werewolf film that is more tragic, more horrifying, and more realistic than any that have come before it.  In other words, it ain't your father's wolfman.  (Actually, if you're too young to have seen this movie during its original theatrical run, this just might be your father's wolfman.  But Lon Chaney it ain't.) Borrowing from the successful formula of James Whale's classic horror films of the 1930s, Landis uses both macabre humor and visual gruesomeness to tell the story of David Kessler, a young American college student who is bitten by a werewolf and subsequently begins to engage in  carnivorous lunar activities  himself. The juxtaposition of jocularity and repugnance creates a sense of uneasiness that only adds to the tragedy of David's fate, and Landis is successful in milking from this ambivalence a crescendo of terror that reaches its apogee with the film's abrubt, though effective, climax. The contributions of Make-up Artist Rich Baker to the effectiveness of this film should not be underrated.  The realism and hideousness that Baker creates with his make-up and related visual effects provide the audience with the ability to suspend disbelief and buy into Landis' tragedy, and without them the film would certainly fail.  Many of the effects for the scenes depicting the man-to-wolf metamorphosis are actually ground-breaking make-up effects, and Baker was awarded the 1981 Oscar for Best Make-up (first ever for this category) for his work on AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON. The 2001 DVD edition of this film does not include Theatrical Trailers or TV spots--a required bonus these days, especially since a previous DVD release did include them--hence the four-star rating.  The film alone actually deserves a five-star rating, as it represents both ground-breaking filmmaking and great entertainment.  It is a must for fans of the horror film, especially those genre fans who place the werewolf flicks at the top of the list.
 I had heard about this movie for years, but I had never watched it until recently. The main reason was that I don't really care for Werewolf movies that much. Theres so many of these films, its usually the same basic story every time, the effects usually aren't good, and to be honest, I just don't find the whole Werewolf concept that interesting or scary at all. But with this film, I had always read rave reviews about it, especially about the special effects in it, so since I found it cheap, I went ahead and purchased it. But there it laid on my shelf for many weeks before I did finally take the plunge and watch this classic werewolf tale. Again, I wasn't expecting to fall in love with this film, but I gotta say, I really did like it. And though the film does have comedy in it, its well balanced with scares as well. Usually comedy in horror films is something I don't want to see, but this film knew its limits, and I feel that it never went too far in doing that. Yeah, this is basically the same old werewolf tale, but modernized in a very good way. The story is of a American traveler David Kessler backpacking through various parts of Europe when him and his friend are attacked by a werewolf. His friend is killed, and David is bitten but saved. David soon discovers that he too, will become a werewolf during the next full moon, and that anyone who is close to him, is in danger. The special effects in the film are quite good for its time, and the transformation sequence of David first changing into the werewolf was undoubtedly the most impressive. But only did I like the special effects, I enjoyed the scenes with David and his "undead friend Jack, who appears throughout the movie, each time looking more and more decomposed, who repeatedly warns David about becoming a werewolf and what he must do to stop it. Yes, I know, those are comedic sequences, but for some reason, I liked them. It was something different and fresh. After all, who many times do you see zombies/ghosts in the same movie with werewolves, and it actually work? In fact, a lot of people call this film a comedy horror, but I disagree. This is definitely a horror film just with some comedic elements added to the mix. This DVD has some pretty good special features including a commentary by cast members, a short little featurette, and an interview with director John Landis. In closing, I've seen my share of werewolf movies, most of them aren't that great in my opinion. Need I mention the horrible sequel "American Werewolf in Paris or the crappy Wes Craven film, "Cursed"?? Indeed, this film has been the best werewolf movie I've seen so far. (I don't know if that saying a lot, though!) I think its done in a clever way, and it has a good balance to it. If you are a big fan of these movies, then I'm quite sure you've long since viewed and purchased this one. But if you're a newbie or just looking for a good werewolf tale, then look no further!
 I saw this movie when it when it premiered in 1981. I'm sure that the special effects dazzled me 30 years ago, but the campy, tongue-in-cheek comedy stuck with me all these years. "Stick to the roads, stay clear of the moors, has been my Halloween mantra ever since. This is the precursor to Buffy, Zombieland and Shaun of the Dead. Not a laugh a minute or really bloody gory, it's more like a visual of Warren Zevon's "Werewolves of London. 'An American Werewolf in London' is one of the best horror comedies of all-time, and is also one of the very few ones which actually works as a horror film.  Overall the humor is perhaps more important than the horror, but most horror-comedies don't take themselves seriously at all.  The film has a bizarre, unsteady tone, and the humorous and horrific elements are often juxtaposed unexpectedly, which will doubtless aggravate many.  Frankly, it doesn't really have much particular drive much of the time either, but the individual scenes all play nicely enough that it all still works.  Also, it's got some of the most awesome practical special effects of all-time.  Definitely one of the most worthwhile werewolf movies of all-time.  The film opens with two young American, David and Jack, hitchhiking across the English moors, and eventually entering a pub ominously named 'The Slaughtered Lamb'.  The locals are rude and distant, so they eventually wander off into the night.  Turns out this wasn't such a wonderful idea, and that the locals did indeed have good reason to be in a bad mood
 This film,along with The Howling,is the last great werewolf film produced. If you are a fan of the genre,and haven't seen it,you are doing yourself a gret disservice. Obtain and enjoy!
 This is one of the first horror movies where the make-up and transformation effects were truly frightening and realistic, even though we've certainly come a long way since this 1981 cult favorite.  Director John Landis has helmed a whimsically humorous yet terrifying vision of the standard werewolf movie.  Originally chastised for its extremely violent climax in Piccadilly Square, this movie still remains a pretty effective thriller.  David Naughton eschewed his Dr. Pepper background as the young American who survives a werewolf attack only to find he is destined to become one.  Griffin Dunne as his friend Jack is fun as his deceased friend who comes back in varying degenerative stages to try and convince Naughton to kill himself lest he does more killing.  Lovely Jenny Agutter and austere John Woodvine offer fine support, but it's really Rick Baker's marvelous makeup that steals the movie.  The movie spawned a less effective sequel set in Paris.  This one is the best though.
 I first watched this move in 1984 at age of 12, and the comedy elements to this movie were lost on me at the time - it genuinely terrified me to the point of hiding behind pillows. Now after viewing it again 20 years I managed to watch the whole thing. The movie has aged very well and well worth watching. It is still very scary throughout and also will make you laugh out loud.  Plot wise, it is an old fashioned horror move updated to modern times (well updated to the early 1980s !). Its about 2 young guys who get lost on the Yorkshire moors, they stumble into an old English Pub full of suspicious locals who obviously have something to hide. Eventually feeling unwelcome our heroes leave the pub and end up walking across the moor when they hear a wolf howling. Needless to say the wolf attacks and one of the heroes ends up in London where he ultimately learns (and accepts) he is a werewolf.  Some of the special effects are unfortunately a little dated. In particular we only really see parts of the wolf at a time and when we do it more resembles a grey over size sheep than a giant werewolf. No doubt, if done today on a big budget we would have full close ups on a computer generated wolf will a full set of wolfish facial expressions. Nonetheless the transformation scene is very well done, possible the best ever done in the history of werewolf movies - both from a special effect and an acting perspective. All the actor needs to do is scream as one would when becoming a wolf, but he does this well !  The extras on the DVD are well worth watching. The actor's commentary is okay but the interview with John Landis on the themes and inspiration for him making the movie is brilliant and worth the 20 minutes - but watch it after the movie. The interview seems to have been taken 20 or so years after the film and it is interesting to see his pride and still apparent enthusiasm for this move and the genre. He describes a cool story from Yugoslavia which triggered the story as well as going into the background of a few scenes.  While there are laughs, the final movie is pretty gloomy - all werewolves are ultimately doomed (there is nothing that can be done) and our hero is no exception. But the final scene of chaos around Piccadilly Circus is more slapstick that scary.
 It was midnight and I was in a small strange town in Colorado on my vacation. I was walking to the theater to see the opening of American Werewolf in London. The moon was full and I looked up in the sky and I am not kidding because I have never seen this before or since but the light clouds floating in front of the moon looked like they were stained with blood! I couldn't have picked a more perfect night to see the film. American Werewolf in London is about two best friends taking a walking tour through the countryside of Great Britain.  Stay on the path and beware of the moors.  They are warned by locals. After some light hearted banter they soon realize they have wandered off the path. A sound of a large animal in the distant mist stops them in their tracks and suddenly panic sets in as they realize something unseen is blocking them off at every turn...and then the attack. American Werewolf is an original blend of the macabre and some truly gruesome but very funny humor delivered especially well by Griffin Dunne as David Naughton's cynical decaying friend who has to convince him he has become a werewolf and is killing the innocent people of London. American Werewolf is scary fun and even has a little sex thrown in for good measure with a nice performance from Jenny Agutter as Naughton's nurse/girlfriend. The film really cleverly uses Van Morrison's Moondance and Creedance Clearwater's Bad Moon on the Rise to perfectly set the tone for the film. Touches like that really make this film memorable. I think most everyone is familiar with Rick Baker's now famous werewolf transformation scene which inspired Michael Jackson to ask John Landis to direct his video  THRILLER . The film holds together great until the gruesome slam bang finale in Picadilly that is a little silly and over the top. But this still ranks as the best and most original Werewolf film made. I have not had the privilege of hearing the extras on the new DVD but they should be a lot of fun because the commentary is by Naughton and Dunne who have really great chemistry together. John Landis also is interviewed in the featurette. This should be a nicer widescreen print than the last DVD however I much preferred the old cover with Naughton and Dunne in the moors than this new closeup of the werewolf. It looks more like a gargoyle what it's supposed to be. If you are lucky enough to have a DTS receiver you are really going to enjoy the sound in the early attack sequence as the werewolf stalks its prey.
 Two Americans are visiting London stop off at a pub called The Slaughtered Lamb, when they leave they are told to stick to the road, they don't, they wonder across the moores and are attacked by a werewolf, one is killed and one is bitten. Days later the bittin one, David, wakes up in hospital. Days later he sees his dead friend who tells him that he has become a werewolf. David doesn't believe this at all. Once realesed from hospital David notices that people are dying around London and that he also seems to wake up naked in strange places and the reason for this? He's a Werewolf, stalking the streets of London at night killing people.  An interesting little film this is, for one thing the effects are really good, the wereworlf transeformation is probably one of the best ones I've ever seen im my life, I mean this was done in the early 80s and the Werewolf looks cool. There is a good amount of gore in this movie as well, there was obiously ALOT of work done on it and it really does show. I am going on about this because I believe crit must be paid to the effects department for the great job they did. It's another good thing that the effects arn't wasted for the movie is very good, the plot is slow but interesting, the deaths are pretty good and there are some funny scenes as well, go out and rent this movie today.
 It had been a long time since I saw this movie.  I remembered enjoying it, so I took a chance.  Glad I did.  The acting is somewhat stiff and the special effects are the "dated part in my title. I'm sure they were state of the art back then.  You can't really expect any better, but the effects were well done for the 1980's.  The dead friend of the now-werewolf that keeps popping up is one of the best aspects of the film.  The scene where that friend, along with several other of the werewolf's victims encourage him to commit suicide so that they might be free is especially well done.  No one is happy to be dead but they all must "make the best of it".  Kind of the English "keeping a stiff upper lip.  That is one of the running themes of the movie.  The ending seems a bit rushed and more of the 'not what sure we should do' variety.  You can see it coming pretty early on as the only way "out but I can't say many movies are otherwise.  (Maybe Bardem's escape at the end of 'No Country for Old Men'?)
 I doubt anyone reading this is looking for a plot summary or a discussion of how Rick Baker's effects made cinematic history.  You're here to read about the new material on this disc.  The "Beware the Moon feature IS worth the purchase price alone.  Running 90 minutes, it discusses key scenes of the film in their running order, so it's almost like a video commentary.  It includes funny and fascinating behind-the-scenes anecdotes, as well as tons of "unused footage.  I have to say, some of the test shots of the werewolf under construction stalking around the set look even creepier than the finished product.  The only other new feature, "I Walked with a Werewolf with Rick Baker, would have been more enjoyable if they didn't drown out his very soft baritone with needlessly dramatic and very intrusive music.  You have to really strain to hear what he's saying, the music completely overwhelms him.  Someone needs more experience on the mixing board.  The film transfer looks good, if a little grainy, but the sound is crisp and clean.  My only other complaint is with the disc menus.  It's not that big a deal, but I appreciate when disc menus are somewhat in keeping with the feel of a movie.  "Werewolf, unfortunately, uses the same Star Trek-type spaceship interface that worked very well on "Serenity.  Here it's just distracting and makes it seem like the disc was slapped together.  Still, can't beat such a great movie at such a great price.  A worthwhile double dip!
 Always a great movie to watch around Halloween!  The transformation scene was always a classic and having it set to "Moondance by Van Morrison sets the mood.  The whole movie is creepy and great for getting into the Halloween spirit.  The blu-ray just makes it all the more enjoyable on the HD screen.  If you like horror movies, you'll enjoy this one.
 In Spanish with subtitles, Ultimo Tren is about a group of older men who relive the ideals of their youth and try to save an old steam locomotive -- part of the country's national heritage -- from being shipped off to Hollywood. A great character piece about the relationships between the men. No blood, violence, or sex... just a good story.
 An old locomotive is going to be sold to Hollywood. Two train workers and a child decide to steal the train and travel across country to Brazil to save this old national treasure. A Romantic train steaming along the tracks past countryside and villages...  many of whom help hide the train from the authorities in hot pursuit. Some good performances. In Spanish with English subtitles.
 The only thing boot camp about this tape is the camo outfits they have on.  This is a good workout, a lot of crunches, lunges and squats ( I guess  that's why they called it boot camp).  Tracy Mallett is high energy which  pumps you up a bit.  I think they put thoes men in the front to make you  laugh and take the pressure off when your legs feel like they will fall  off.  Anyway, this tape is good with high energy and has good movements,  with segments that are short so you can do half of the tape when you feel  lazy or the whole tape when you want a good kick-butt workout.
 In general, I dislike exercising in front of the TV, but a foot injury has prevented me from running, and this DVD has been a fairly good substitute and does not irritate my injured heel.  I like that the DVD is broken into three segments, so you can do just one if you don't have much time or want a light workout, or do two or all three for more challenge.  Segments 1 and 3 focus more on cardiovascular training, while segment 2 is a bit easier on the heart and includes a weight-training segment.  Three pound weights are recommended, but I did this with 5 pound weights instead and found it doable.  Cardiovascularly, I would say that this workout is less challenging than a three-mile run on hilly terrain, but you will certainly break a sweat and the exercises do more to tone you than just running alone.
 Its an ok workout, but its not a favorite.  I used it a couple times and  i sweat but i just do not like this dvd.  Its boring and the video quality is poor.  I think this one is just about preference.
 This tape is one of my favorites because it keeps your heart rate going, with bouts of higher intensity followed by a chance to catch your breath.  The cardio-based moves will also tone your muscles, and light weights are used in the second routine.  If you are an intermediate or advanced exerciser, you'd need to do all three routines together to get the feeling of a good, effective workout.  Of course, 1 or 2 are still good for light days, or when you are pressed for time.  Maybe it's not traditional boot camp, but I like the mix.
 This is the third DVD of the series, and contains another four adventures of the five colorful friends known as the Backyardigans.  Polka Palace Party introduces kids to four new genres of music.  The songs in the four adventures are themed to Polka, Irish folk music, Gilbert & Sullivan and Rockabilly.  Unfortunately, the grouping in this DVD puts the two slower musical themes back to back, and between "High Tea with its Irish theme and "The Heart of the Jungle based on the music of Gilbert & Sullivan, my son lost interest and barely glanced at "Viking Voyage".  Because of this, I am forced to watch Polka Palace Party repeatedly, as nobody wants to go any further.  Not the best one to get for a first purchase, but still worth a look.  Amanda Richards, February 5, 2006
 My grandson loved this!  Thank you for being so prompt.  It was delivered on time and it was in perfect condition.  Thanks again!
 The kids love this video.  It has several episodes on the disc.  When it's finished, the kids want it played again.
 We love the backyardigans also. The kids want to watch the DVD's more than any others. I don't have problems with any other, but this one 'skips' and they get aggravated because it does it on a favorite part or two. I see others had the same problem.
 The backyardigans are great!! This dvd isn't one of the best ones.  Polka palace isn't that catchy but the other 3 are really good! If you or your kid is a backyardigan fan you need this to complete your collection!
 Interesting for the beginner...a lot of detail on "how to", not too interesting for the more advanced.
 This odd, mid-period Western may not be at the top of everyone's John Wayne list, but it is worth seeking out for Wayne fans.  Geraldine Page gives an Oscar-winning performance.
 I have certainly seen much worse Western movies all ready out on DVD. I wish this great one was available on DVD (When I wrote this it wasn't). I caught it on TV this weekend during a John Wayne marathon of movies. The acting, sets, directing, scenery, and music all stand out on this one. Many critics think "The Searchers is great but although I think it is a wonderfully shot movie I don't think the interaction is as believable as "Hondo". The cast here does a wonderful job of making me believe what is happening and that I'm with them in that time period. John Furrow must have worked hard directing to get such results.  The attitude towards Indians is much more appropriate as well. The camera work is excellent. Especially good with wide scenic shots and close-ups of the actors. The directing as I said before is excellent, and the scope of acting in this movie is some of the best I have seen in a John Wayne movie or any Western for that matter. Geraldine Page is great as the Duke's love interest. She does a magnificent job portraying a pioneer woman. Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness, and the rest the cast do a fine job supporting. I hope you get the opportunity to see it. I'm sure you will agree it is a top notch Western and it should be on DVD.  As an addendum I want to thank the studio for finally releasing a wonderful quality DVD with several extras. This is a personal favorite and I want to thank those of you nice enough to vote for my review. It is people like you showing an interest in these classics that prompts the studios to do a proper job of restoring the movies and releasing them on DVD.
 Hondo stars John Wayne as the cavalry scout Hondo Lane, a halfbreed who comes upon a woman and her child in the desert alone at their homestead.  Another great role for John Wayne as the tough scout who steps in as a father figure for the young boy, Johnny, and also as a sort of husband for Angie Lowe, whose husband is off gambling.  Very good movie with beautiful scenery throughout.  Starring Geraldine Page, Ward Bond, and in an early role, James Arness.  Almost identical to the novel with whole scenes identical to the dialogue in the Louis L'Amour western.  Check out the Ralph Taeger short-lived TV show as well as the L'Amour western.  A must-have for John Wayne fans.  Too bad it has not been released on DVD yet.
 "Hondo opens on some of the aspects of George Stevens' "Shane, with the arrival of a lone figure, a U.S. cavalry dispatch rider, Hondo Lane (John Wayne) and his dog (Sam) to an isolated ranch in Apache Territory...  Lane is received by a young courageous frontier woman Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page) and her 6-years old son Johnny (Lee Aaker). Angie tries to convince Hondo that she is not alone, that she lives with a husband, and that she is not worried about apache uprisings, because there is a peace treaty, and the apaches will not "bother her at all...  During his 24 hours stay, Lane knows that Annie is an abandoned woman, and after kissing her, he learned much more...  Lane leaves the place, but after finding out that the Indians are killing and destroying all around the land, decides to return for the young woman and her boy...  Under the lead of a stylistic director, "Hondo may be very likely the finest Wayne psychological Western not directed by John Ford... With long tracking shots and interesting camera angles, "Hondo is far better in the way of capturing the abrasive solitary man manifested in "Red River. There is nothing really surprising about Wayne's part, but I think it does stress something that's a real Wayne attribute, and that is his honesty and straight forwardness...  With a kind of short, curly, blonde hair, Geraldine Page is excellent in her Oscar-Nominated debut, specially in the scene of her confession to Lane about her late husband
 Where is the DVD release ? I'm not aware if this was originally filmed in widescreen; (1953) the VHS version is not presented in it.  Although, a beautiful DVD transfer is hopefully on the way to a great film.
 ...that this movie, one of the best western the Duke ever made, is not planed as 3D-Blu-ray release although it was restored beautifully to 3D by the estate of John Wayne as shown on rare occasions.Hopefully Paramount and the estate of John Wayne will reconsider their decision. Then I will gladly add a fifth star to my rating.
 Apache war drums sound an ominous warning for an insolated female rancher and her young son in this exciting and memorable JOHN WAYNE (1907-1979) classic . Wayne plays Hondo Lane , a cavalry rider who becomes the designated protector of  the strong -willed Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page 1924-1987) as well as a father figure to her boy , Johnny (Lee Aaker 1943- ). Angie , determinedly awaiting the return of her brutish husband ( Leo Gordon 1922-2000 ), refuses to leav their homestead despite growning danger from nearby warring Native American Tribes .And she finds herself growing more and more entrahralled with stranger , Hondo -a man hardened by experience but still capable of sympathy , kinderness and love . Ward Bond  (1903-1960) , Michael Pate (1920- ) , James Arness (1923- ), and Rodolfo Acosta (1920-1974) . Not of the best movies with John Wayne , but worth to watch . BATJAC and Michael Wayne (1934-2003) The Dukes son made a superb remastring and transfer in High Quality pictures .
 The release of this spare but satisfying western was a long time coming and worth the wait. A strong performance by Wayne and the leading lady as well as the chap who played the Apache chief. Good story by Louis Lamour who knows something about westerns. Some special effects for the original 3D that aren't so special otherwise. But a tight film that doesn't overstay it's welcome. Saw this as a kid in it's original run, though not in 3D. Impresses me just as much now as it did then.
 At first glance, John Wayne's 1953 western, "Hondo", bears a remarkable similarity to another 1953 release, George Stevens' classic, "Shane". Both films open with an iconic stranger appearing out of the wilderness, spotted first by a young, impressionable boy. Both title characters arrive at homesteads in need of an 'extra pair of hands', and form unspoken bonds with the women of the households. Both Hondo and Shane have survival skills the families desperately need, even as the families fill a void in their own lives. But while Stevens' film moves at a slow, deliberate pace, meticulously creating a near-mythic vision, "Hondo director John Farrow, working from a script by longtime Wayne scribe James Edward Grant (from Louis L'Amour story), cuts the exposition down to basics, giving the film a much leaner 'look', with a climax (actually directed by John Ford, as Farrow had scheduling problems with another film) that is so fast-paced that it can leave a viewer in 'midair', expecting more. As a result, "Hondo isn't held in as high esteem as "Shane", but is certainly a rewarding, entertaining experience, with one of Wayne's best pre-"Searchers performances, and Geraldine Page earning an Oscar nomination in her film debut.  Filmed in the broiling summer heat of Mexico, utilizing massive, cumbersome dual cameras to create 3-D (which both Wayne and Warner studio head Jack Warner felt was the wave of the future, but would be pass&eacute; by the film's release), the production was grueling, yet formed lasting friendships. Australian Michael Pate, playing the key role of historic Chiricahua Apache Chief, Vittorio, was stunned to find Wayne, during a dangerous riding sequence, running along, off-camera, to protect him if he fell (Wayne, impressed by the actor, would cast him, ten years later, as another Indian chief in "McLintock!"). Several of Wayne's 'Stock Company' (Ward Bond, Paul Fix, James Arness, and Chuck Roberson) have roles (Bond's bearded, crusty 'Buffalo Baker' is a standout). John Ford, between films, vacationed in Mexico to visit Wayne and Bond, and was recruited (unbilled), to help direct.  The only discordant note on the set was stage actress Page. Wayne had hoped to get Katharine Hepburn for the role of Angie Lowe, but the liberal actress wasn't comfortable working with the politically conservative Wayne at that time (during the "Witch Hunt for suspected Communists in the film industry), and passed on the project (as would her long-time love, Spencer Tracy, in "The High and the Mighty", Wayne's next production). It would be 22 years before Hepburn and Wayne would finally team up together (in "Rooster Cogburn"). Geraldine Page, picked by Farrow for her fresh, 'natural' look, carried her stage training and 'attitude' into the filming, which did little to endear her to the cast, and Wayne felt little chemistry between them (although her performance would be the most honored, by the film industry).  With colorful characterizations, a chaste romance, plenty of action, and little of the obvious '3-D' gimmicks (only noticeable in the titles sequence, and two Indian fight scenes), "Hondo was a HUGE hit when released, and has endured as one of John Wayne's most popular westerns.  Best of the Special Edition DVD 'extras' is a wonderful "Making of documentary, with comments by Pate and the film's juvenile lead, Lee Aaker; brief bios of writer Grant, and Ward Bond; and a revealing, VERY balanced Apache overview of both the film and the REAL Chiricahua Chief Vittorio.  With nearly pristine image and sound quality, the "Special Edition certainly lives up to expectations!
 This movie was much better than I expected, in that it has some real human beings dealing with some genuinely touching issues, mainly about honesty.  Hondo is primarily a character study, focusing on John Wayne, Geraldine Page, and an Apache war chief, and their bizarre triangle of friendship and honor during the Indian wars.  Hondo is one of the Duke's most macho roles - he's tougher and more unbending than I've ever seen him before.  Countering this is Page's terrible performance in a typically sexist role for a 1950's western ("A woman should know how to cook, booms the Duke like a commandment).  As their love grows, they argue about honesty... Wayne in typical Duke-ish fashion refuses to tell even a white lie.  Yet, in the end, 3 lies are told, one to save Wayne's life, one to save their love, and another to prevent Page's son from growing up with the true knowledge of his scoundrel father (which we today know is a bad idea).  Still, Hondo's unbending honesty also saves their lives from the Apaches, so we are left with a well-rounded, *adult* view of honesty that still holds its relevance today.   I'm not sure why people complain about "realism in these old movies - the Duke shoes his own horses right on film, no detail missed, as if he'd been doing it for years.  You'd never see that from an actor today!  The Apache indians are all played by Apache indians (including the leading roles) and their characters are all faithful to history.  Perhaps our modern "notion of realism has changed.  The film has that washed-out nostalgic look in its coloring, but that was due to the technology of the time.  Of course, bad actors from the 1950's all seem to perform with the same annoying pace and vocal style, but I'm sure our modern equivallents will become apparent in 50 years, too.  A fine Wayne film.
 HONDO is an excellent western, featuring terrific performances by Wayne and Geraldine Page. The VHS release in welcome, but the film is compromised a bit here since it is robbed of the original stereoscopic 3-D presentation. It is one of the better 3-D movies (in fact, the only one to win an Oscar (G.Page).  Don't confuse the awful red/blue 3-D TV showings in the early 90's with the original polarized (clear glasses) 3-D...it isn't the same thing at all and the TV version looked nothing like the original 3-D did. Try to catch this one at a 3-D revival sometime, to experience the movie as intended.
 Perhaps the best John Wayne vehicle not directed by John Ford or Howard Hawks, "Hondo (1953) gives the Duke one his most complex portrayals in this admirably low-key Western. Taut direction from John Farrow (the high-water mark of his career), with an auspicious screen debut for Oscar-nominated Geraldine Page. Veteran cinematographers Robert Burks and Archie Stout strikingly capture the Camargo, Mexico landscape. Originally shown in 3-D, "Hondo deserves a theatrical reissue for a new generation of moviegoers.
 I have a theory about this film. I am guessing that Wayne so wanted to play Shane that, when he didn't get the role, he went and made this film. The story of an outsider hero redeeming himself should certainly appeal to Shane fans for the parallels.  This is a great Western and I would even go so far as to say that it is in some ways better than Wayne's Ford-directed films (which one could also say about Alamo, which he made later and became notorious for because he campaigned so hard for the film to get an Oscar).  It would certainly be an awesome experience to see it in 3D on a big screen.
 Action-packed John Wayne western receives a Blu-Ray release that debuts, for the first time on home video, a proper widescreen presentation of "Hondo.  Wayne plays a half-Indian Cavalry rider named Hondo who finds himself playing guardian angel to a frontierswoman (Geraldine Page, who garnered an Oscar nomination here in her first film role) whose husband has left her and their young son alone to fend for themselves in the New Mexico desert, where warring Apaches roam the landscape. Wayne favorite John Edward Grant adapted a Louis L'Amour story for this effective western, efficiently directed by John Farrow, with Ward Bond, Michael Pate and James Arness appearing in supporting roles.  Out of circulation for many years, "Hondo was originally shot in 3-D but hasn't reportedly been screened in its native format in years. While it's disappointing that Paramount's Blu-Ray edition isn't in 3-D, "Hondo nevertheless makes an impressive debut in high-definition despite highly varied elements. When the image is at its best, the transfer is spectacular, offering strong colors and fine grain. There are stretches of the picture, however, where the image is notably blurry and seemingly processed with noise reduction, likely a response to opticals and/or damaged source materials. That said, despite its occasional visual discrepancies, the image is exceptionally good on balance. The audio, meanwhile, is much less distinguished, being presented in either a 5.1 Dolby TrueHD track that sounds too airy and lacks power, or a superior 2.0 Dolby TrueHD mono track that enhances the dialogue. The score, credited to Emil Newman and Hugo Friedhofer, comes off well, but there's a thinness to the dialogue that makes the 5.1 track in particular quite unappealing.  A variety of insightful features are carried over from Paramount's prior DVD Special Edition, with an introduction from Leonard Maltin, commentary with Maltin and fellow Wayne experts, multiple featurettes and an HD trailer included. The original Intermission sequence has been retained as well.
 It had been years since I'd seen this John Wayne classic and it was good to watch again.  My husband enjoyed this birthday gift very much!  The issues dealt with in the film seem to me very advanced for the time it was made, granted it was not "that long ago in the scheme of time but it had a more positive social comment on the treatment of Native Americans than most films of that genre.  I liked the heartwarming story line and the action was appropriate to the story.  Well done, and one I consider a must-have for any John Wayne fan.
 No wonder 3-D never took off.  "Hondo has the makings of a really great film but the makers of the film are so concerned with projectile images emanating from the screen("Watch the Duke shod a horse! "Wonder at that Apache spear that whizzes at you!") that they compromise a great story.  John Wayne though does a terrific job as Hondo Lane, the half-breed with the ambiguous past.  The film suggests a dark side to Hondo's character that is not fully exploited here but in a scant few years Wayne would tackle Ethan Edwards in "The Searchers who was a fully developed morally complex individual.  Geraldine Page, deserving of her Oscar nomination for her work here, assays a non-stereotypical account of the frontier woman.  The film also offers an enlightened view of the Apaches.  I give this film a pass but it's a shame that it compromised story for the sake of faddish technology.
 Thirty years after his death, John Wayne remains an enigma. Many books have been written about him, none of which I've read, and so I know little of his personal life other than he has been both praised for embodying traditional American ideals and reviled for his archconservative bigotry.  Yet he remains today perhaps this country's biggest movie star. Today's actors - Tom Hanks, Russell Crowe, Liam Neeson, Jack Nicholson - are more accomplished actors with greater range; while from Wayne's era, Clark Gable was more handsome, James Cagney more talented, Jimmy Stewart and Henry Fonda more eclectic. But for sheer screen charisma, I can't think of another actor from any era who brings more to the screen. Whenever Wayne is onscreen the viewer is simply compelled to watch him. Often described as ruggedly handsome, his face isn't particularly expressive. Some of his mannerisms, particularly his walk and some of his posturing, one suspects are contrived, yet a generation of men in the 40s and 50s aspired to be just like him. Heck, I knew some women in the 60s who patterned themselves after the Duke.  In Hondo, based on a Louis L'Amour novel and directed by John Farrow, Wayne plays a half-breed Apache. His sidekick is Sam, a dog as surly as Hondo. Hondo befriends Angie Lowe, a New Mexican farmwoman and mother of a young son whose husband deserts her for extended periods of time. Geraldine Page is well-cast as the "handsome Angie, and was nominated for an Oscar for her first starring role, despite a performance that can best be described as wooden. Character actor Ward Bond and a young James Arness ably lend support.  Setting aside the rather clich&eacute; depiction of the Apache and several historical inaccuracies, Hondo can perhaps best be described as a morality play, a study of the power of lies and when, or if, it is beneficial to tell one. Hondo laments the lies the white man tells the Apache and tells Angie that the Apache language contains no word for "lie. Page's soliloquy on the subject of lies - those she endured at the tongue of her husband as well as those she told herself - near the end of the movie is a telling moment. Although delivered somewhat mechanically, the words speak for themselves.  Not ranked in the top ten best all time westerns or even one of Wayne's best films, it is still recommended viewing.
 This is one of many John Wayne films I worked on as a stuntman. It was fun working with him and he will always be the essence of American to the bone. This is truly a great film, directed by John Farrow. Lots of action and Indian raids make it a spectacular event.
 "Hondo has long been one of my favorite John Wayne westerns and it is such a joy to see it treated well on this blu ray release. The picture and sound are wonderful and the extras are great as well. The remixed surround track is a welcome edition as well. The extras include a "Making Of Hondo special with Leonard Maltin and is very interesting with highlights including new interviews with Michael Pate and Lee Aaker. A great snippet from "ET when Maltin was shown original "Hondo items from Michael Wayne himself. The theatrical trailer is very nice as well as I had never seen it in its entirety. A very nice release and great price. Makes a great gift for any Wayne fan and as usual Amazon's shipping and service was top notch. Now if we could just get new blu rays of "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance"..."The Sons of Katie Elder"..."The Shootist and "El Dorado"...I'll be a happy guy!
 For 1953 Hondo was a brutal portrayal of the West. Hondo was based on a Louis L'Amour novel, in fact, it was the first novel that L'Amour had published & was also his first property to be transformed to the silver screen. The film was directed by John Farrow (father of Mia) & shot in Mexico. The screenplay was written by James Edward Grant, Wayne's favorite screenwriter.  Hondo is a Western much in the classic vein but with an added realism that was unusual for 1953. In the opening scene we see Hondo (John Wayne) walking toward the camera, rifle in one hand, scabbard & saddlebags in the other hand. Near him is the dog, Sam, basically a wild dog who is in the company of Hondo. He happens on a ranch that has only Angie Lowe (Geraldine Page) & her son Johnny (Lee Aker). Hondo is a scout for the cavalry & is returning to to report on the state of the Apaches who are preparing for war. Hondo stays around the ranch for a short period fixing up things for her. It's obvious to Hondo that Mrs. Lowe's husband hasn't been around for a long time. She continually lies about her husband but Hondo, straigt forward & honest, tells her she's lying. Later, Hondo meets Ed Lowe (Leo Gordon) & they take an immediate disliking to one another. Later Hondo kills Lowe in self-defense. This complicates things because Hondo & Mrs. Lowe end up falling in love.  All of this is set against the backdrop of an Apache uprising & the Lowe ranch is in the middle of it. She has been on peaceful terms with them but Hondo warns her it's time for her & her son to leave. She chooses to stay. The Apache chief Vittorio (Michael Pate) is a significant role in the movie. He befriends Johnny renaming him Small Warrior. Vittorio wants Mrs. Lowe to pick one of the Apache warriors for a husband so that Johnny can be taught the Apache way. The movie features Ward Bond as Buffalo Baker, a scout like Hondo. James Arness has a small role as Lennie, another scout whom Hondo doesn't like. It all leads to the inevitable cowboy & Indian showdown.  Some of this was shot in 3D but it's a very minuscule part. The movie has an introduction by Leonard Maltin who also appears in the rest of the special features. There's a feature entitled The Making of Hondo that features interviews with Michael Pate, Lee Aaker & western historian Frank Thompson. This feature reveals that the final parts filmed of Hondo were actually directed by John Ford. There's a feature on the writer James Edward Grant. There is an interview with Michael Wayne that reveals material from the vaults of Batjac, Wayne's production company. There are a couple of other features that makes this a great value.
 John Wayne is, as usual, "the Duke in this western. He plays Hondo Lane a cavalry scout. The film is directed by John Farrow and for a few sequences by John Ford. Geraldine Page is the feminine interest of the movie, mother of Lee Aaker (rusty of rintintin) and wife then widow of Leo Gordon. Ward Bond, Michael Pate, James Arness and Rodolfo Acosta complete the cast. The special features are suberb and very documented. For "Duke fans and others.
 A good movie, till the moment whites left the ranch. I have a very high respect for Apaches. But in here they, as always in the movies, behave in a stupid way. Appart from Vittorio, a great chief,  the rest looks like a bunch of ragged men that attack whites with little or no strategy. They normally don't charge in the open to some hostile force but choose their grounds in a clever way.  The sad matter was, as John Wayne says in the movie, "a whole way of life was erased from earth  It is not different from what is happening today in a lot of things.
 Waited a long time for these to become available. I am very happy with them. Boy, special effects have sure come a long way.
 THIS DVD SET IS GREAT!! IF YOU LIKE DEAN MARTIN MOVIES AND 007 JAMES BOND, THEN YOU WILL LIKE THESE ONES. IT HAS ACTION,COMEDY,SOME ROMANCE.I LIKED WATCHING THESE MOVIES WHEN I WAS YOUNGER, AND I WANTED TO GET THEM ON A DVD SET A FEW MONTHS BEFORE THEY CAME OUT, AND WHEN I HEARD THEY WERE COMING OUT WITH THEM A FEW MONTHS LATER IT BLEW MY MIND!! IT'S LIKE THEY HEARD ME SAY IT TO MY HUSBAND, THAT I WISH THEY WOULD PUT HIS MOVIES ON A DVD SET, AND A FEW MONTHS LATER THEY CAME OUT WITH IT, STRANGE, HOW COOL IS THAT!!LOL. THIS WOULD MAKE A GREAT COLLECTORS ITEM!! THEY ARE GOOD,AND IF YOU LIKE JAMES BOND MOVIES AND DEAN MARTIN MOVIES, THEN YOU'LL LOVE THESE!!
 It wasn't until 1971's DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER that the James Bond films decided to cut loose and have some fun, but Dean Martin had already started the Sixties spy party four times with the Matt Helm series.  The OUR MAN FLINT movies (2 of them) with James Coburn seemed hipper, partly because of Coburn's serious convinction as he went through the spy motions, but Dino's spoofs mixed the spy film with the party atmosphere of a Rat Pack show and the casual cool comedy of his TV show.  The films go from best (first) to worst (last)--but who's squawling, baby?  One of my favorite moments happens in MURDERER'S ROW, when Dean wanders into an apartment, plays a record (where he sings "I'm Not the Marryin' Kind"), and helps himself to the bar--until a dead girl falls out of a refrigerator.  Not a big deal, but there was something incredibly hip about it.  And another review points out the purely Sixties moment when Dean, driving a wood-paneled station wagon, pushes a button to pop out a fully-stocked bar--while he's driving!  The only part of these films that rises to the level of the Bond films--hear me out--is the ladies.  Stella Stevens, already a stunning Playboy model and the incredibly sexy actress who appeared in THE NUTTY PROFESSOR, THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE, and a couple of other Dino flicks, SHOULD have been a Bond girl.  Daliah Lavi and Beverly Adams (as Lovey Kravezit).  Ann Margaret and Senta Berger.  Wow.  In the least film of all, THE WRECKING CREW, you have Elke Sommer, Tina Louise, Nancy Kwan, and Sharon Tate.  A Sixties Babe-a-thon Hall of Fame right there.  If you're brand new to these films, you'll probably be a little disappointed
 I want to echo all that has been said by the other, positive reviewers regarding the fun nature of these films. I was a kid in the 60s and Matt Helm was the anti-Bond, an American spy who totally out-cooled that British guy. Definitely not to be taken seriously but a fun romp on a retro weekend of martinis and lounge music. Also note that the aspect ratio on these films is 1.85
 Although not true to the original book series, Dean Martin personified Cool as Matt Helm. In every scene Martin looks relaxed and natural, and while Bond may have invented the clever quip, the Helm movies honed them to a fine art.  The box set is a must-have for anyone who remembers these films fondly or wants to complete their collection of 60's spy memorobilia. While I wish there could have been lots of extras and behind the scenes, these films come from an era where Hollywood was not quite as ready to let you glimpse behind the curtain so there is little archival material available, and all of the principle actors are deceased making commentary impossible. They are represented well, however, in these excellent transfers. The clear sound and precise letterbox picture with fantastic color and clarity leave behind any previous broadcast. While The Silencers and Murderer's Row are unquestionably the strongest entries, there are great momements to be found in The Ambushers and particularly the little-scene Wrecking Crew, which was Sharon Tate's last film. Get this collection and dissappear for a few hours into the world of Comic Book spies where everything is in Brilliant Color, the girls are always elegantly coiffed, the cars had chrome and Dean Martin as gadget toting, hard drinking and smoking Matt Helm suavely saves the day.
 In his own classic style Dean Martin takes on the forces of evil and wins every time.  These films are a great reminder of some of the best of Hollywood.
 These, in my opion, are some of Dean Martin's better movies for what they are, which are spy spoofs along the line of Our Man Flint.  The gadgets are hilarious.
 for those that love toungue in cheek comedy, than this will suit you. for those that enjoy being entertained with a non social meaning, this is it. dean martin as always leaves the viewer wanting more of his antics. and, as usual he always surrounds himself with a beavy of beautiful women. for entertainment get it!
 After Austin Powers was released a few years ago, the 60's superspy movies became all the rage with the Our Man Flint series leading the way.  Unfortunately this brilliant series starring Dean Martin went virtually unnoticed, for reasons I will never understand.  This series was amazing and in my opinion was superior to all of the other swinger agent movies.  Austin Powers ripped off so many things from Matt Helm they probably didn't want this series known about so they might have seemed original.  MAtt Helm's cover is a photographer just like Austin Powers, The second Matt Helm Movie features the machine gun bra, and there are a number of other "similarities". Dean Martin is great as secret agent Matt Helm, basically playing himself, except of course that he's a superspy.  Instead of guns in his superspy car he has a wet bar.    The women of Matt Helm are beautiful, sexy and everything you would want from your spy movie.  Stella Stevens, Tina Louis, Ann Margret, Else Sommer, Sharon Tate, Nancy Kwan just to name a few.    The plotlines are outlandish, and the villians are cut in the mold of Goldfinger and Dr. No...but funny.    Pour yourself a gin and tonic or a whiskey on the rocks and ride along with Matt Helm.
 I recommend these matt helm DVDs they are classics , I used to watch when I was a kid. I'm glad all four came together ! .....
 Dean Martin as secret agent Matt Helm is pure fun.  Better than 007, Matt Helm of ICE goes about his business with a song in his heatt
 I'm a big James Bond & Derek Flint fan.  So I couldn't help liking Matt Helm (Dean Martin).  While I will concide the Matt Helm movies are a little cheesy it just makes them more fun!  Having grown up with Deano and watched his many movies and variety show I truly liked his personality.  He made watching his efforts very enjoyable.  Not taken seriously and watched just for the entertainment alone they are great.
 One of the best tongue in cheek spy series made with Martin just seeming to be having alot of fun doing the pictures. Seemingly primitive special effects compared to todays offerings but if you just go with the story and pay attention for the subtle humor makes for a very entertaining movie.
 I thought Dean Martin was fantastic as Matt Helm..  I enjoyed all 4 movies immensely..  It was great to travel back to the 60's again..  Elke Sommer, Stella Stevens, Ann Margret, and Senta Berger were super..  What great flicks!!!!!  Rich Crowl
 The Mat Helm movies are pretty funny, and of course the girls are pretty - but I imagine the folks from MADD would be horrified to see how much they play up the "Dean as a boozer angle while he's driving.  As someone else mentioned, the Station Wagon spy car has a hidden bar with several bottles so Dean doesn't need to worry about running out of ammunition.  The joke they missed was calling the hidden bottles of booze his "seat belts".  In another movie he's got a more sporty car, and in a chase scene you see one of that cars unique gadgets - he picks up a microphone and says "If you can read this, you're too close and the message scrolls across the tail lights...  I do see where these movies were an inspiration for the Austin Powers series.  My guess is these movies will be appreciated most by folks who remember Dean Martin, and I think they wouldn't be a bad choice for kids because while there's some suggestive stuff, it's tame by todays standards - though obviously the "don't drink and drive message should be discussed.
 Fun to watch when old style humor appeals to you. Silly use of very pretty female stars of that era.
 They don't live up to the books, but which movies do? But the fact that Dean doesn't take them serious puts the Matt Helm films in the Adam West Batman campy cheese category for me, and that's quite alright in my book.
 I've enjoyed the Matt Helm movies when I was younger, so I decided to purchase this collection.  It is nice to have all the movies all together, and the quality is great.  You only get the movies, and a couple of orginal promos, but that's about it.  No other extras, but I still enjoy them.
 I have always enjoyed these movies and was waitng to catch them on cable, but they are never shown.  If you like Dean Martin, beautiful women and a good laugh, pick this set.  It's worth it.  They're all on the "hokey side but, I stiil enjoyed all of them,
 THe Matt Helm series were an amusing twist on the James Bond genre.  We are looking at a different time.  Dean Martin enjoyed a cocktail...while driving!  He threw women around, ripped their clothes off.  Heavens to betsy.  The women in this series were unbelievable...Sharon Tate, TIna Louise(in shape, not the blimp of Gilligan's Island), Elke Sommer, Ann Margret, Stella Stevens, the list goes on and on.  If your blood is red and you're male, this is a must have for your collection.  For women, it is very different.  Martin portrayed a real chauvinist pig; this type of behavior led directly to feminism, whether with good cause or not.  As a woman, I would object to him in every scene.
 Pure fun, a great way to share older movies with my high school daughters.  The love the fashion and the fun feel to these films.  Well worth the money!
 If you like Austin Powers a bit, and wish it could be smarter and cooler, Take a look at these movies !  Dean Martin has the Mojo.  He's always funny, and never vulgar.  By the way, watch the old films with him and Jerry Lewis.  Enjoy !
 These is like a B version of James Bond with Dean Martin playing a layed back secret agent. Still found it entertaining for something to watch when you need something different.
 The highlight is touching interviews with World War II veterans, four gay and one lesbian, and the persecution they suffered. Unfortunately, the film remains simplistic, tracing the source of the world war military's policy, subsequent McCarthyite persecutions, and current 'no kiss and tell' policy to the medicalization of homosexuality. The filmakers failed to connect the military's policy to American gender relations during the same period.
 Now for those who don't already know, Pro Wrestling Guerrera (P.W.G.) is a promotion based out of southern California who holds events monthly/bi-monthly that feature local independent wrestlers along with some names who work for other promotions as well like ROH, DragonGate, and NWA with this show celebrating their 8 year anniversary.  The main event was originally scheduled to be a triple threat match as P.W.G. Champion Claudio Castagnoli vs. Chris Hero vs. Eddie Edwards but with Eddie having a staff infection, it became a singles match with both men having fun checking out the top rope based off their match from "All Star Weekend 8 before having a technical match that started off slow but picked up over time but it was the aftermath of the match that changed the direction of the promotion.  Kevin Steen once again pulled double duty here as he had a singles match against Pac that had Steen's usual humor before the match while Pac pulled off some amazing aerial moves that earned him his nickname "The Man Gravity Forgot causing Steen to take to the air himself with moves like a moonsault...then Steen returned later teaming with CIMA against the Young Bucks who were fresh off their release from TNA (and had plenty to say about it) in a very hard fought match with Steen being more serious than he usually is.  Other matches include The Dynasty (Joey Ryan & Scorpio Sky) against the RockNES Monsters in a match spent as much time outside the ring as they did inside, El Generico & Ricochet against Generation Next's Alex Shelley & Roderick Strong, Peter Avalon vs. Ryan Taylor that you will love if your a Booker T fan, and Brian Cage-Taylor vs. Brandon Gatson.  This was the strong show that you usually expect from P.W.G. with the only downfall being the Cage-Taylor vs. Brandon Gatson match falling flat & killing the crowd but past that, you can't go wrong.
 For Dan (Heath Ledger) and his girfriend Candy (Abbie Cornish), there are love and drugs and nothing else; maybe there's nothing more. "We're junkies, Candy tells a housing representative. Both she and Dan have just woken from sleep and are sitting up in bed-- her admission is as naked as their bodies. Their self-awareness is more troubling than anything else in this superb, harrowing movie.  The film owns up to the pleasures and consequences of tripping out. Because of this, it fuses beauty and horror. Several of the beautiful scenes are unforgettable (a kiss in a car as it drifts through a carwash; bubbles that swirl around Dan and Candy as they glide through a swimming pool's immaculate blue water).  In addition to the beauty and horror, there are surprising narrative gaps and a complete absence of background detail. For better or worse, we have only Dan and Candy in their present circumstances for anchors. We feel as engulfed by their love and self-destruction as they do.  Ledger is particularly good-- witness how deftly he portrays Dan's flirtatious phone call to a man whose wallet he's stolen. Geoffrey Rush plays a suave, decadent chemistry instructor with a fondness for handsome young men; his urbane energy complements and balances Dan and Candy's desperation. The film is well directed by Neil Armfield, who co-wrote the script with Luke Davies (it's based on Davies' novel of the same name). Garry Phillips delivers solid photography; Dany Cooper delivers solid editing.  Will the lovers save themselves or not? That question never goes away. The film is draining, riveting, and stunning.
 'Candy' is an Australian film, a love story between two junkies.  The movie divides itself into three parts
 The reason I say it was difficult to watch is because of the subject matter.  I find it incredibly hard to see people so hooked on drugs that they sell themselves on the street.  I wish they had given a little background about the characters.  Was Dan always a no good lout, or did his addiction bring this out in him?  What did these two people see in each other aside from the physical and the fact that they were both hooked on heroin.  How did they meet?  You are dropped right in the middle of the relationship and they are already junkies.  I gave it four stars because in spite of this flaw, it was still a good movie, with great performances by the three lead actors.  Heath Ledger as Dan leaves behind his pretty boy image.  Abbie Cornish is spectacular as Candy, and Geoffroy Rush is their mentor/friend who supplies them with drugs, and he gives a wonderful performance, as always.  He is also a college professor, who eventually dies of an overdose.  The final scene in the movie is quite moving.  "Spoilers*  When Candy is released from the hospital after suffering a breakdown, she visits Dan at his job, where he is a dishwasher. (Well, at least he has a job now, and he's drug free) You can see that they still love each other, but Dan turns her away probably because he knows that if they get back together, they will get back on the drugs.  Its what their whole relationship was based on.  They have no other way of relating to each other.  Also, Candy had miscarried their child, and I think there were just too many bad memories for their marriage to survive.  Heath Ledger blew me away in the scenes where he held their still born baby, and when he cried at the end because he knew he had to let Candy go. So, so sad.
 This is a very satisfying movie.  Heath Ledger is probably going to become one of the most respected actors of all time.  He's that good.  His love interest in the movie is also a very attractive and solid actress.  What really makes the movie for me is the soundtrack.  Great choices for this film, and more than one song that I wanted for my collection.
 is why I'm giving this film 4 stars. I rented this, wanting to see Heath Ledger's work in the film...and on the strentgh of his performance alone...I can recommend this. It is difficult and almost haunting to watch, knowing this was one of his last films. I found it to be a very true and realistic story of love...and drugs...and the affect drugs have on their lives in the story. Dan and Candy (the actress who played Candy also gave gave a very strong performance) had so much potential...she was an artist, a painter...and he was a poet. But, as their drug addiction grows stronger...we watch their lives go deeper and deeper into a downward spiral. They try to get their act together and clean up when Candy becomes pregnant...but she ends up miscarrying the child...and their spirits are truely broken after that. Through it all, you can always feel Dan and Candy's love for each other...but the drugs get in the way...and they become other people...Candy eventually has a nervous breakdown and goes to a hospital to get better. While she's recovering, Dan is slowly getting his life back together too. We see him finally getting a job...working as a dishwasher in a chinese restaraunt and clean and sober for once. You get the feeling he is on the mend...getting better...but he is still stuggling...and missing Candy. The final scene is what really got me...I watched it over and over again...because it was that good. When Candy is released from the hosptital, she comes to see Dan at the restaraunt he's working at. The love that they have for each other is very clear...but in a heart breaking moment...and a scene that is almost hard to watch because it so real and honest...Dan breaks down...(Ledger is amazing in this scene...I was crying with him)...because he knows he has to let Candy go. With tears in his eyes, he tells her there's no going back...they need to remember how clean things are right now. Up until the ending, I was glad enough to just have rented the movie...but after watching the final scene...I knew I wanted it in my dvd collection...even if only to watch that scene again and again. I apologize for giving too much of the story away here...but I hope that you do give this movie a tyr. It is worth seeing. It makes me so sad to think that we won't be blessed in Heath Ledger's talent anymore...and I'm already missing all the films he will never get the chance to do.
 I came across Candy at my local video club because they made a special display for the H Ledger movies. We all have seen 10 Things I Hate About You and Brokeback so, although Brokeback its a good movie, my expectations were kinda low. But this movie really got me going because of the perfomances of the leading actors and also because it looks realistic and crude. Geoffrey Rush is a bonus and adds to the reality of what the drugs world is. It was maybe too long or too slowpased sometimes but very good overall. Don't miss it!
 My husband ordered this movie on demand. I had no intention of watching it but I got sucked in from the very beginning. Through the entire thing I felt so emotional toward these characters and the situation, just strong emotion but was too wrapped up in the story to cry yet. After it ended I can honestly say that I sobbed for about an hour or so......... I'm about to buy this movie right now. Can't say I'll watch it again anytime soon unless I'm already depressed but I have to get it. It's a quality movie.
 When Heath passed away, I think the only movies of his I owned were Brokeback Mountain and Dark Knight. . I saw this movie on cable and the subject matter was sad and depressing to me, but like Brokeback Mountain the acting was superb so you can't stop watching it.  I like Abbie Cornish and Heath together in this but I really liked Geoffrey Rush as Casper. . . funny to me how life imitates art sometimes. . .Good movie!
 This movie doesn't require a college degree, isn't Oscar material, and won't make you wake up in the middle of the night pondering its 'true meaning', but it will distract you for a couple of hours and provide you with the opportunity to laugh. Perhaps I find this predicament so humorous because I tried something of the same gambit when I was younger.  Not in such detail, not to such depths (altar), and certainly not with such success.  But remembering my antics provokes a good laugh and so did this film. I loved seeing Antonio Banderas (OK, there could be a period right there, but...) in a comedic role.  I find him believable in any role and...so easy on the eyes.  He makes acting look so easy.  What Billy Bob Thornton accomplishes with only a few choice words, Antonio can do with his eyes. As for what he and Melanie Griffith may have discovered about one another during the filming, I couldn't say.  I still don't know what they have in common, I just trust them to know their hearts.  But in 'Two Much' the chemistry isn't required between THOSE two on the celluloid, it is instead between Antonio and Daryl Hannah.  So if you don't see sparks between Melanie and Antonio, maybe it is due to good acting in their roles as 'lovers' who weren't in love (at least with each other). Certainly the plot wasn't as deep as the well-utlizied pools and the laughs weren't the kind that get you in the gut (except perhaps for the morning race between bedrooms with an ever-present pool in between).  So, maybe I go for cheap laughs.  But I also go for entertainment.  This movie provided that.   So watch it with a friend and a bowl of popcorn and let yourself be entertained for a rainy afternoon.  It will temporarily erase the clouds and lift your spirits.
 Gee I love that man!  Good fun movie. I love the shower/pool scene. 4 stars because I've watched it twice and fell asleep both times.  Had good dreams though.
 As a social studies teacher, I found this film to be both entertaining and full of information. Finally, we teachers could no longer get it The film copies became repeatedly broken, spliced, and broken again. I was happy when I was able to get it on DVD. The DVD was obviously copied from a low quality film and the DVD (especially the sound) is thus mediocre. However, I love that film and the feeling it gives me when I watch it, so I am happy to have it.
 I am suprised by many of the comments contributed here. Either others have missed something or I've read to much in to the movie. The main character (Max) played by Snipes is a man who apparently has everything. He goes back to New York and visits his best friend Charlie(brilliantly played by Robert Downey) who has contracted AIDs and when he can't catch his flight home, Max stumbles into an intimate incounter with Karen played by Kinski. When he returns home he finds that there is something missing in his apprently perfect life.  This is one of those rare movies where the sex scenes aren't gratuitous. The contrast between the sex scene between Max and Mimi and the love scene between Max and Karen are dramatic and telling. In the former Mimi is giving Max instructions while they are having sex. The sex is loud and energetic but lacks give and take, intimatcy and tenderness. There is no real emotional connection between the two. In contrast, in Karen's scene Max and Karen connect emotionally. and that is what is missing in Max's life in LA. There is no emotional connection for Max with his wife, with his friends or with his work. So his life is empty.  The scenes with Charlie are central to the story. This is where the theme of the movie is revealed and that is what pulls story together.  The acting was good across the board. Robert Downeys performace makes the movie worth seeing by itself. He avoids all pathos and portrays Charlie as a sympathtic character, not a pathetic character. Yes there are a couple of plot contrivances that stretch suspended disbelieve to the snapping point but the movie has enough strenghs carry the viewer through.
 "One Night Stand is written & directed by Mike Figgis and isn't as good as the film he did before it (Leaving Las Vegas) or the film he did after it (The Loss of Sexual Innocence), and while it has more flaws than both of those films combined it still manages to be an exceptional character study. This movie, while it does keep you entertained, is not a movie to rent on a Friday night to be entertained by. I have to say my biggest problem with the film was the mood of it, it for some reason felt like a made for TV movie. That could have just been how I percieved it, but whatever. The movie stars  Wesley Snipes ('Blade') as Max, a commercial director who heads to New York to visit his friend Charlie (Robert Downey Jr.) who has just been diagnosed with HIV. While there, Max meets a woman in the lobby of his motel named Karen (Nastassja Kinski, who looks a lot like Nicolette Sheridan). They only speak for a few moments, but there's this connection there that they both sense. Anyway, Max is returning to L.A. where he lives with his wife and kids so nothing will come of it. But, then he misses his flight. Remembering that Karen had been going to a concert, Max catches up with her there and joins her. Then after the concert, they're mugged and to comfort her Max decides to stay the night with her. Then, quickly and without notice; Max and Karen have sex. Both are married and both part ways the next morning, expecting to never see each other again. Max returns to L.A., where his sexually demanding wife Mimi (Ming-Na Wen, who provided the voice of Mulan in the Disney movie of the same name) and him return to their normal lives. Fast forward a year, Max is a different person; but then Figgis gives us something we know has to come. Max meets Karen again at the hospital where Charlie is dying...Add another cliche here and you have the fact that Karen is married to Charlie's brother Vernon (Kyle Maclachlan, 'Blue Velvet'). That's actually covered about half of the movie, so I shouldn't say any more. But, as I said there's a few cliches here; but I tend to ignore cliches, because that doesn't always take away from how good or bad a movie is. In the realm of Figgis movies, this is a hell of a lot better than "Hotel". But, at the same time (and this isn't really my place to judge),  I wish Figgis would've done a character study with a bunch of different characters instead of focusing on just one. The movie "The Loss of Sexual Innocence had Figgis portraying sexual (mis)adventures with one guy in various stages of his life. That would've been good for this movie too. It's not a bad film, but it's no masterpiece. Figgis's score is great and I think Kinski is hot, but as I said...It's not meant to be an entertaining movie, but it is an interesting one.  GRADE
 No, this is not from the TV series.  This is a video for the classroom.  We use one similar to this for parenting classes were I teach.  The whole series is designed to generate discussions about how to handle parenting issues.  The title is confusing.  Just be aware, you're not going to find Kurt Cameron anywhere on any of the DVD's from this series.
 I have to admit....  The first time I tried this DVD, I hated.  I felt like the stretches were awkward and I must not be doing them right.  The second time I tried it, it felt better to me.  And the third time I tried it, I actually liked it.  I really started to focus on letting go, sinking into the stretch and relaxing, but not straining.  It is a little boring, especially where each stretch is held for such a long time - but I guess this is what makes it so effective.  And I feel so relaxed by the end of it.I am a huge fan of Karen Voight's workouts, but not her personality.  She seems very robotic and unfriendly, which is a little annoying.  Not only that, but the set is horrible, and the other people in the video seem like Zombies.  One of my pet-peeves about workout DVDs is when the set is cluttered with pointless background people - it is just a distraction.  One of the reasons why I quit the gym is that I hated being crowded - so I don't want to look at a DVD where the set is crowded.  All that being said - I am really starting to like this DVD and feel the benefits of it.
 Everyone wrote great reviews about how this DVD looks & the movements. I just want to add that the pace is very slow & thorough, the music is very soft. All these stretches can be done by even many people who are inflexible. Those who are flexible should look elsewhere.  You can see a trailer at collagevideo com
 This is a very good guide for a fairly complete stretch for those with limited daily time to devote to stretching. Easy to follow.
 I share this CD with some of my girlfriends, we all love it, easy to follow
 The run time for this movie is actually about 118 minutes, but the US Blu-Ray version is only 99 minutes. Why the heck is that? I was looking forward to this (especially for it's incredible run time, making it a true epic), but was let down by you guys at Amazon. Other than that, the movie was still good, but should have been 240 minutes, extending all the battle sequences in the movie
 Well done but a bit choppy editing trying to fit it for a US commercial release. Good thing the disc included deleted scenes which I think they should have incorporated into the film. We should stop marketing over edited movies just to satisfy short attention spanned viewers (esp. for US). This should have been at least 3 hour film. This is a good primer for China history newbies though.
 Jackie Chan stars in the film made about Chinese revolution in 1911.  During that time, Qing dynasty is ruling this vast country.  Empress Dowager is not a strong ruler.  Her political and economical misssteps lead country to financial dependence from strong european countries like England and Germany.  China is borrowing money to build railways and its citizens are dying of hunger and poverty.  For anyone familiar with European history
 Being a man I found this movie interesting. But more so the music in the movie ,as i grew up during the time it was popular. I think this movie with all these A+ actors could have been great. But i dont  know something is lacking. Roberts doesnt seem to know what to do with the part. And although most of the young women  in the flim are great It is still lacking when it comes to good acting. This could have been a classic movie , but the acting shot it down to the B- level.I keep thinking of Good Bye Mr Chips, the old one.... This could have match that and been best picture of the year , but couldnt because of  the bad acting & lack of direction.Anyway it is a good movie to watch...And does give you an ideal what things were like way back when.. B- from me . I hope others like it better.
 This movie was a great depiction of the inner conflict that women were experiencing in the 1950's.  It follows a group of privileged young women during a year on their path to becoming educated wives.  However, their journey is interrupted with the arrival of a new art professor; a West Coast free thinker who challenges their beliefs.  The characters each epitomize the complexity of the feminine soul and how we often are our own worst enemies.  Showing the funny side of conflict, and how one person who cares just enough can change the path of a person - or cement it; this movie is a wonderful, enjoyable journey.  Definitely recommend for a mother daughter night or that girls night in, although the hubs enjoyed it as well!
 This movie wasn't bad. I enjoyed learning about the life's in the fifty's for woman. I think a lot of woman would enjoy this movie. Specially the woman of these days.
 The cast list reads off many aspiring young actresses as well as the talented Julia Roberts. It delves into a hidden world of the desires and aspirations of many young women who struggle between a dichotomy of conforming to societal frameworks and rebelling towards a path of progressiveness.
 I chose to see Mike Newell's MONA LISA SMILE for a simple reason 
 An excellent portrayal of the social period that controlled our parents  or Grandparents lives and thereby shaped that of todays baby boomers. Essential watching for those who want an entertaining education.  Well acted and period perfect. The extras 'Especially what women wanted'.  Ultimately the film fails in what it is seeking to portray. It seems to run out of time. Julia Roberts is a delightful actress but not the right one for the leading part in this film. She is to nice, sugar and spice.  just Jack
 I usually hate Julia Roberts but I actually found that i enjoyed this film and I had to buy it. I do not usually write reviews of movies, rather books from a feminist scholars slant. However the era of the 1950s was an interesting period historically and for some reason that is an era that we have come to romanticize. I think that this film portrays a lot of interesting points about being a woman in that particular era. It shows several of the down falls to having that happy housewife attitude to that world. I usually hate Julia Roberts for some reason but i love her character in this particular movie though as it really does challenge the culture of the time that has somehow crept into the way we still even think today.  I found the special features to be interesting. I enjoyed the fact that instead of just praising the actors and the script the way a lot of featurettes seem to do, it really pointed out some of the more historical facts that this was based on. I found it intriguing to hear how the modern actresses had to train in etiquette and such. My only real disappointment in these features is indicative on how i do take a more academic stance on things at times
 "Mona Lisa Smile follows Katherine Ann Watson (Julia Roberts), a progressive, feminist art teacher as she travels from California to Wellesley in 1953 to accept her dream job as an art history professor. Wellesley is an exclusive girls' school, home to well-bred, wealthy young women whose sole purpose after college (often during) is to get married, have babies, and be the perfect mother and housewife. Katherine is quickly frustrated by the stifling traditional atmosphere.  On the first day of class, Katherine is humiliated when all of the students have memorized the art history textbook, quickly making a shambles of her first lesson. Shaken, Katherine calls her boyfriend in tears. The girls are rude, conceited, and have no intent to challenge themselves, which is where Katherine draws the line. Ever the trooper, she marches back to the next class with slides of modern art, making the girls think outside the textbook on the nature of art.  The rest of the film follows Katherine as she attempts to fight the Stepford Wives system
 I watched this movie twice. Once in the theater because my friend had dragged me into it and I had mistook the movie for another. I hadn't really liked it but I thought it was because I was disappointed that the movie wasn't what I had thought it was going to be. The second time I watched to see if I was wrong. Well, I will say again this movie wasn't that good. It was more of a droning movie that had no real plot to it. Despite the intelligence of the teacher, she fell for another teacher who sleeps with the students. . . and she is supposed to be smart? Ms. Watson leeaving the school is where the movie cuts off. But you don't really know if what the male teacher, Dunbar, said was true about how she can never be happy because she reaches too high in a man. I guess taken individually the stories of the students and the teachers in the camp are interesting which was why I was going to give this movie two stars. But it was the great acting that bumped this movie up another star. There were two supreme great acting scenes that will be ingrained in my memory
 MLS is a pleasing movie. It's not anti-male, unless you think women's only role is in the kitchen. Some good acting but the actors. It's better than I thought it would be, and not as boring as I imagined. Ginnifer Goodwin is cute too.
 A young teacher, with a boyfriend comes to a prestigious school to teach.  She is intimated the first day when she meets her classmates.  A bunch of girls with enormous IQ's sit in the room, dictating word for word from books.   Mona teaches Art 101 and makes plans to show the girls that art is more than reading a book or seeing it just once.  She takes them to look at different pieces of art detailing the masterpiece.  In the day, the girls were infatuated with finding a husband so they could get married.  Betty was so excited she was married, and her studying habits got worse.  Betty thought she was in love, but obviously wasn't.   Mona shows the girls there is more to life than just getting married.  She hands an application to a girl to try to get her into Yale school of law.  She applies, is accepted, but decides to get married and live her dream.   The movie is inspirational and shows that women can do anything that they dream of.  We are not meant to just  clean the house or wash dishes .  We have brains of our own that can exceed outer limits and change the world forever.  This movie gave me that feeling.
 Ordered it, got it in three days. DVD is fine and all is well with the world. 
 If nothing else Mona Lisa Smile sends a message to society women of the 1950's to make more of your lives.  The story is cetered around Wesleyan, an female college which truly was a breeding ground for preppie upper society ladies to appear well educated and marry into a well to do family.  Julia Roberts's Ms Watson character arrives from California and sets this world in for a spin.  She tries to teach her students to look at art and life in a more open minded way as well as to make the most of your abilities.  In the course of her one year at Wesleyan, she effects the lives of students and even the faculty around her.  Also, she learns about herself in the process.  Even if it comes from some romantic heartache.  The one part of the movie which disappoints me is where the the mother of one of the college girls actually sends her daughter back to her philandering husband without any regard to her feelings.  Its a bit irrealistic that a mother would be that heartless.  Similar to Dead Poets Society, Mona Lisa Smile stands pretty tall in most regards.
 Mona Lisa Smile, released in 2003 by Columbia Tristar Home Entertainment with a running time of 2 hours, is a drama about college girls coming of age in the 1950's.  Katherine Watson, played by Julia Roberts (Erin Brockovich), is a progressive forward thinker who comes to Wellesley, a private all-girls University, in the fall of 1953 to teach Art History.  Unfortunately for Miss Watson, Wellesley is not a place where progressive forward thinking is highly regarded.  Miss Watson tries to educate the girls in Art History as well as life. She teaches them that they can have a career as well as marriage, in a time when women were encouraged to stay out of the workplace.  The supporting cast of college students includes Julia Stiles, Kirsten Dunst, and Maggie Gyllenhall.  The soundtrack includes "The Heart of Every Girl by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, which was nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Original Song. It was directed by Mike Newell, who also directed "Pushing Tin and "Donnie Brasco".  I give "Mona Lisa Smile four out of five stars.  I found it to be very entertaining with an engaging story line, and I found myself genuinely caring about the decisions the students were making in their lives.  This movie touched me and by the end I found myself tearing up.
 Julia Roberts's command of the screen is so effortless, it's easy for moviegoers to take her for granted--but we shouldn't. Mona Lisa Smile--about a noncomformist teacher at a private school who encourages students to pursue their individuality--is pretty much an all-girls version of Dead Poets Society that mixes '50s fashions with '70s feminist thought. However, its lack of ambition doesn't diminish the talent that's gone into it
 Both my wife and i enjoyed the movie and teared up at the end. We are both baby-boomers, we lived through those days. i remember my mom spoke seriously about the need for her to be home when us kids got there. But those days are gone, thankfully. For to relegate 1/2 the population to domestic servitude is to waste a significant part of their abilities, for taking care of a household and children is not a full time job in this country. period. The movie is a clash of hopes. hopes about the future and a young bright womans part in it. Society ought not to put major roadblocks in their way(i am male) on the route to self realization. biology does the job intensely enough. and that is the movie. the clash of biology(the drive to reproduce and guard the offspring), the clash of cultural power whether a manipulative mother or a college's board of directors. Julia Roberts is ok in the part, but you are always aware that it is J.R. playing a part, perhaps the problem of fame. the plot is well done, you find yourself cheering for the few who see a way out of their appointed-for-them destiny and you sympathize with their dilemma.  so it is a tear jerker, with a moral. not a bad way to spend an hour or two. something to talk about over coffee afterwards. go with a babyboomer, things have changed, maybe not always for the better, but the direction is right.
 Julia was fine in Notting Hill and Sleeping with the Enemy, but hard to take seriously in this role where she is supposedly ventage outrage at girdles. As an audience, are we supposed to believe outrage at traditional female icons from this actress who has certainly embraced a goddess image for herself?  Not to say that she should eschew it, since it has served her well.  But to play a role where she is supposedly outraged at feminine stereotypes makes her laughable.   You get the sense, here in and in Erin B., that she wants her cake and to eat it too, to have the goddess image and still have roles of substance.  To use her movie roles to  instruct  -- as she puts it in one of the DVD extras. But please, who is she kidding?  Her real life  role  is no less a fantasy than the  freedom girdles  of the 50s, and very little less repressive in its perfection as an icon for women today than the icons she is rebelling against in the movie.  Are we supposed to overlook the irony of a present day icon venting outrage at the iconography of the 50s?  How valid a statement is that? Is she that blind, or does she take her female audience to be blind and dumb not to expect us to see the hypocrisy here? Though Julia could better have been replaced with a more believable actress, (and the other teachers or adult women were largely cardboard stereotypes) the girls, I thought were wonderful.  Dunst was a good foil, but I thought all the girls were excellent. They come of age pretty much on their own, were surprisingly fresh and novel, considering the rest of the cookie cutter ensemble. I can't see that the art teacher has all that much influence, but that's as it should be.  The girls are what this movie is or should be about.  In general a movie worth seeing for the portrait of the times, and the wonderful supporting cast in the girls, even if Julia herself is ridiculous in the central role.
 The 1950's--a time of growth and prosperity in the US, but the Cold War had jump-started immediately after World War II.  Mona Lisa Smile is set in 1953, the time of the McCarthy hearings, I Love Lucy, and though not mentioned, the execution of the Rosenbergs.  Keeping up with the Joneses thus meant a time to conform to the conservative ideology of economic prosperity, where Victorian values regarding women had made something of a comeback. Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts is a bastion of conservatism, and into this, from California, enters a new art history instructor, Katherine Watson.  She is a progressive person, and isn't too keen on the rigid curriculum, but she better watch out, lest she be cut down in one of the school editorials written by Betty Warren. A warning shot comes to her when Amanda Armstrong, the college nurse and boarding house mate, a lesbian, is dismissed for the harmless and progressive act of distributing contraceptives.   After a disastrous first day (imagine a class where everybody's Hermione Granger), Watson decides to shift the emphasis of her class to modern art, such as abstracts, culminating in an outing where she shows them a Jackson Pollock.  She tries to tell the students that conforming to the roles defined for them by Cold War culture is a dull, unfulfilling future of servitude.  The point of college is to enrich oneself, not a waiting room where one waits to find a husband and thus become entrapped.  Thus modern art represents the new era, a new way of defining art, such as  is it art?  or  who determines what is art?  which translates to  is this fulfillment  or  who determines what is expected of women?  However, her progressive views aren't taken too well by the head of the college and she is told to tone down her liberal teaching methods.  And this also hits in the classroom in her conflicts with Betty, someone all too eager to conform to the woman's life of getting married as the good housewife and bearer of children. It's the students as well as Watson who play a central role in the film.  Giselle is the most interesting and most liberated of all the students.  She has affairs with many men, including an instructor and even her analyst.  At one point, during the marital etiquette class, she makes a wisecrack that makes it clear she doesn't take conventional life seriously.  Another who has promise is Joan, an A student who protests getting a C by Watson.  Jo wants to go to Yale and study law, hoping she can squeeze in the one slot available to women every year. The banality of conformism comes through in the Paint By Numbers sets, where one fills in the colours and can draw their own Van Gogh, ironic as Van Gogh's art defied convention.  Another subtle hint of the old school being dragged kicking in screaming into the postmodern age is the  Istanbul  number, where the lyrics state how the good old days are missed when Istanbul used to be Constantinople.  The way the old fogies are portrayed here, I was surprised they didn't long for the days when it was Byzantium! I rolled my eyes at the roles Julia Roberts was in following her Oscar win in Erin Brockovich, but Mona Lisa Smile proves she's back on again.  Chalk this up with her better vehicles such as Pretty Woman and Notting Hill.Of the students, Maggie Gyllenhall shines out as Giselle, followed closely by Julia Stiles as Joan. What comes out here is a movie showing women who are brave enough to defy convention despite fears of ostracization and do something else in a frightening Cold War America.
 This is one of those movies that, for some reason, the critics decided to gang up on.  I'm not sure why.  Maybe because for some "Mona Lisa Smile was too feminist, and for others not feminist enough.  But let me try to make you understand why this film, while not perfect, is definitely worth a look. First of all, in terms of politics, mentalities, clothes, and music, it does a great job of recapturing the early 1950s.  Second, while the story might be just a little bit hokey (a brilliant young female professor heads to an elite women's college to shake things up), the movie has quite a group of legitimate issues to raise and then examine.  And this is all done with some of the finest young actresses working today.   Many critics say that because the sexual revolution is over (and that's debatable--just watch "The Apprentice on NBC!), the lessons of "Mona Lisa Smile don't matter any more.  I think that's dead wrong. In addition, the film is not nagging and is not preachy, as some have suggested.  It's an enjoyable mental journey back in time, a careful look at a few lives of a half-century ago.  It is a well-told, revealing look, and, I suspect, well worth your attention.
 This movie has been called "Dead Poets Society for girls", and while there are strong similarities between these two movies, Mona Lisa Smile stands on its own. Julia Roberts plays Katherine Howard, a "California bohemian who comes to Wellesley College to teach History of Art to a group of (mostly) spoiled rich girls who are there just biding their time until they get married. She intends to change this by making them see they can do whatever they want to do with their lives, not just someone's wives. Of course, trying to change tradition and the College's establishment doesn't come cheaply, as she is seen by her students as someone not worthy (why isn't she married?) and as someone dangerous by the school's governing body. She doesn't follow tradition, doesn't obey the rules and has what they call unorthodox ways of teaching, like taking the girls to see modern art and not following the curse's syllabus. As time passes and the girls get to know her, things start to change, and by the end of the movie everyone has learned a valuable lesson in life. One of the main differences between this movie and Dead Poets Society is that it mainly follows Katherine's life, leaving the students' lives as secondary stories, while in DPS it's the other way around. We do however share some moments with some of the other characters, namely Betty Warren (Dunst), the bratty, spoiled girl who despises Katherine and her ways, Joan Brandwyn (Stiles), who is somewhat torn between life as a housewife and going to Law school, Connie Baker (Goodwin), whose not as beautiful as the other girls and only dreams of finding love, and Giselle Levy (Gyllenhall), the wild, sexy girl. Most of the movie, however, centers on Katherine's struggles both on and off campus, as she starts a romantic relationship with the school's Italian teacher (West). Set in the 50's, this movie deal mainly with the subject of liberation and equality, its message being that women can be all they want to be, not only wives. The acting in the film is solid, starting with Roberts, but the real standouts are the girls. Dunst does mean and bitchy very well, and Stiles gives another good performance, but the two shining characters are Goodwin and Gyllenhall. Marcia Gay Harden, as the repressed Nancy Abbey, the school's teacher for "how to behave in society affairs and Katherine's house mate.
 Yes...it is a "chick flick...but hey this one is really good!! This story had depth, and it had substance...what a great story that this film had to tell. Just goes to show that if you stick with something long enough...you might just learn something...and that something, you could carry with u the rest of your life...never give up on your dreams!!
 For the people who say that Mona Lisa Smile is anti-marriage and male-bashing my response is
 Julia Roberts did a good acting job in this true-to-life film. I enjoyed it, even though the message seemed, at times, to be a bit heavy handed. I recommend it. Debbie Farmer parenting author,'Don't Put Lipstick on the Cat'
 What I like about this movie is what a great job it does in balancing the points of view about feminism and identity. Most movies take a single argument and defend it. This one presents independence, family, career, etc. as all equal choices...with the ultimate issue being what's right for each person is something you have to find on your own.  What works for one person maynot be right for everyone. That's a hard position to take in a movie, and this one does a great job.
 I'm a guy who started college the year this story began. Boy did it bring back memories. I watched it with a woman in the same age bracket and each of us cringed with the truths we remembered. Instructors subject to curfews, predatory professors, unchanging lesson plans, drinking at proms, pushy parents, that stolen "adult week-end, and social pecking orders.  There were only a few false spots. I suspect they grew out of telling a 50 year-old story by 35 year-old writers.  For parents of teen-aged girls. Tell them they can't watch it to make sure they want to. They need to see where we came from.
 I've read some of the other reviews. All I can say is that this film was recommeded to me by a macho male friend. Though I am male, I relate to the perils that women faced thoughout most of history; the 50's were particulaly brutal for women, since anyone in position was scrutinized by McCarthyism. Wellesly College was no different. It's politics did not promote women, rather taught them how to be subservient. Some of my reviewing predecessors failed to realize how different things were then. There is absolutely NO comparison to "Dead Poets' Society", which was about ideas. "Mona Lisa Smile is about integrity. Unfortunately, in both films, the protaganist left with his/her tail between the legs; Williams from defeat, Roberts from frustration. I'm a Julia Roberts fan, and think she's smart and interesting in almost any film she's made. She is bested here by Marcia Gay Harden, as well as the four young ladies who create her new world of involvement. The most famous 3 (Gyllenhaal, Stiles, Dunst) are fine, but Ginnifer Goodwin is a talent to be reckoned with. Harden, in particular, is so out of touch, and so sweet. Best performance in the film. I also liked Juliet Stevenson as the Lesbian (horrors!). A credit to her performance; she played the mother in "Bend It Like Beckham", who was appalled at the thought of gayness.The DVD is fine, with lots of extras. It must've been really awful to be a rich college girl in the 50's. A smart Lesbian couldn't work, and smart women were happy, relegated to idiot roles. This is a better film than most people think.
 This isn't a brilliant cinematic accomplishment by any means, but it is definitely an entertaining story. Julia Roberts portrays an art history professor from Wellesly who has a difficult time adjusting to the fact that most of her brilliant students have no professional ambitions of their own and simply want to get married and have babies when they graduate from college. Roberts is excellent in the film, but the younger actresses are also very good, most notably Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, and Ginnifer Goodwin. Some people will probably be turned off by the attitudes about women that are depicted in the film, but that's the way things were done 50 years ago, and the fact that we're so bothered by it when we watch the film shows that the director has done a fine job. What bothered me about the movie was the way that several of the characters interacted with each other. Dunst's character was NASTY, and in the course of a two-hour film, she exposes her best friend's deepest secret to a large crowd, lies to one of her friends and convinces her that her boyfriend is cheating on her (he's not), calls another friend of hers a tramp (once again, in front of a crowd), and writes several controversial editorials in the school paper that everyone disagrees with. After all of that, no one really lashes out at her at all. It's true that Dunst's character is coping with her own problems, but I don't think that any girls would let their friend get away with all the crap that Dunst pulls in the movie. I was hoping that someone would haul off and slap her at the end, but no one did, and that was disappointing. There were also some things that bothered me about Julia's character, especially the fact that such a strong and independent woman would have an affair with a professor who was openly sleeping with his students. That was a major thing that I didn't understand at all. All that aside, though, it was still an entertaining movie. My boyfriend called it a  chick flick,  and I agree that the film probably appeals to women more than it does to men. It's worth watching, though, and I'd recommend it to everyone.
 "Mona Lisa Smile is a romantic-comedy that is more likely to appeal to women than men, but is nevertheless charming, funny, and entertaining. The movie doesn't have the same rom-com mood that movies like "Failure to Launch and "Must Love Dogs share, but instead shares a closer bond with films like "The Cider House Rules sans the depressing aspect. The movie is essentially a star vehicle for Julia Roberts, but her female co-stars Kirsten Dunst, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Julia Stiles, and Ginnifer Goodwin all steal the show from her.  Roberts plays Katherine Watson, a teacher from California who lands a job at the prestigious Wellesley school. The film takes place in the '50s where women went to school not to go on to get successful jobs but merely to bridge the gap between school and marriage. She's the teacher of art history and upon her arrival meets a number of rebelling and strong-willed young females, including the hateful Betty (Dunst), the free-spirited Giselle (Gyllenhaal), and the optimistic Joan (Stiles)...As Katherine adjusts to her new job and it's strict rules, she finds herself falling for a womanizing Italian teacher (Dominic West) and that's pretty much all the plot you're going to get from this film.  The movie is one of those films that relies heavily on the charm of its actors to keep the film moving and it works. All the actors are fascinating to watch and all the actresses I mentioned above steal the show from Roberts. "Mona Lisa Smile isn't a fantastic film, but it's definitely worth watching.  GRADE
 No matter what anyone else said about this movie I really enjoyed it. I completely identified with the characers. There are times when you just wanna laugh,cry, cheer,and completely slap Kirsten Dunst. I fully plan on buying this dvd it's worth buyig but if your still sceptical rent it.
 After accepting a job at the ultra conservative Wellesley women's college in the 1950s, West Coast art professor Julia Roberts finds herself among the brightest and the best, but the terminally unambitious. Getting their "MRS degrees seems to be the goal of her students, not changing the world, not taking charge of their destiny. This rubs her the wrong way, but her attempts to "enlighten the women results in her being called subversive and puts her on the short list for termination. The characters may be stereotypes, but they are convincing.  It was an enjoyable movie.
 I love this film. As one who attended a college much like Wellesley at about the same time as the story, had a professor much like Kate Watson, and had a family much like Betty's, I can tell you that's the way it was. My professor, too, urged me to go to graduate school, but I made Joan's choice. Nearly all of us did. To go to grad school was to give up all hope of marriage, which we were assured was our destiny. The purported purpose of our splendid education was to enable us to be helpful to our husbands and raise intelligent children. I loved the authentic touches -- all the little hats and the clip earrings, one of which had to be removed when you talked on the phone. And the baggy jeans, because they didn't make jeans for women then -- you had to buy men's jeans, which had to be cinched in with a belt if they were to be big enough to fit over the hips. Betty's wedding surprised me, though. Aside from the crinolines under the bridesmaid's skirts, it seemed more sixtyish to me.  I'm no fan of Julia Roberts, but I think she did Kate very well indeed. The rest of the cast is excellent. To appreciate this film, try to put aside your 21st-century perceptions. This is the way it was. The film still has a lot to say to us today and it's entertaining too. Good job, Mike Newll!
 Julia Roberts as Ms. Watson, an art history teacher at an all girls university (Wellesly) in the early 50's, gives a surprisingly good performance backed up by some of the top actresses in movies today!  Ms. Watson tries to change her students ideals as to why a woman should go to college.  Back then, no matter how well a woman excelled, she was expected to marry and be an ideal housewife.  Even though Ms. Watson becomes extremely popular with the students, the school's board doesn't see it that way and tries to impose restrictions on her.  Therefore, Ms. Watson can either conform and continue teaching or stick to her beliefs and be out of a job.
 MONA LISA SMILE has been sitting on a pile of DVD's I have been meaning to watch for months, but kept being tossed aside for titles which were more appealing.   My impression before seeing this movie was that it would be about a teacher at a girl's school and would be full of cliches.  However, the movie is so much better than that. This concretes the fact that we shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  Julia Roberts (love her or hate her) demonstrates why she is one of the most loved screen actresses of our time. WHen she feels emotions, you feel them right along with her.  Forget "Pretty Woman", this is the mature Julia Roberts I am talking about.  There are a few cliches, but it is set in the 1950s when alot of 'what women should and shouldn't do' aspects were prominent.  Women were expected to get married and have children and toss away any thought of a career.  Julia Roberts character challenges that idea. Kirsten Dunst and Marcia Gay-Harden, among others, form an excellent supporting cast.   One of the better films of 2003.
 Julia Roberts re-making Dead Poets society, that cannot be good? However contary to expectations it is an entertaining and pleasant film.  One of the things it has going for it was that Dead Poets Society was such a brain dead film. Robin Williams ranting at kids and getting them to meet and read poetry in a cave at night. This film by comparisson is far more intelligent.  Julia Roberts instead of advocating a get in touch with your inner feelings message as Williams did in Dead Poets does two things. Firstly she is able to teach art history in a way that is not patronising and is rational. Second she interacts with the charaters not to suggest what they should become but to suggest that they have choices.  She is assisted by the strong casting and strong writing for the girl students she is teaching. In Dead Poets Society the students were two dimensional at best, and somewhat retarded at most times. In this film the students are indvidual people, all intelligent and multi dimensional.  The ending is a bit cliched but, well this is a feel good film.
 Mona Lisa Smile is an inspiring film based on a time period when women are beginning to explore alternative roles in society other than the traditional roles of being a stay at home mother who concentrates on her husband's career and success--rather than her own.  Julia Roberts and her fellow actresses explore the roles of women as Julia plays an art professor who sets out to academically enlighten a group of already well-educated, rich girls attending a finishing school. Through this enlightening process she helps several of the students find their way, broaden their horizons, and in the process finds herself.  The movie deserves four stars because Julia's character not only lets the audience relate on a feminine level but on a humanitarian level as well.  The viewer can truly imagine the Mona Lisa smiling, if she were to watch Julia Robert's performance in this movie.
 Well documented. A slight disapointment in the fact that the mars survey is not covered, only the trip to the planet. Maybe on an other DVD ?
 This was a good, modest film, graced by the presence of Bridget Fonda, who was excellent in a mousy, tomboy role. Her relationship with the elderly man was particularly touching.  By the way, it CAN be found at BLOCKBUSTER!
 No Maps on My Taps is an excellent documentary, however, the picture quality is not up to the merits of this wonerful film. Though the picture quality is somewhat poor, it, in no way comes close to the poorness of picture as <a href="http
 James Bridges only made eight movies, all of them flawed but fascinating, and September 30, 1955 is as good a place as any to start to penetrate the heart of the mystery.  For one thing, it has the feel of an intensely personal, autobiographical film, heavily influenced by Truffaut and Cassavetes, and yet it is filled with unlikely contrivance and coincidence, and the two different modes never coalesce properly--but a remarkable tension builds between them.  Just when you're ready to write this one off, a moment of pure cinema drops in from out of nowhere to change your mind.  The movie is "high concept to a degree, since it is all about what happens to Richard Thomas in the hours directly after James Dean's death in 1955.  Thomas plays Jimmy J, a sensitive young college student down South and a huge Dean fan.  We sometimes forget that when Dean died he had released only one big movie, East of Eden, and the two others that cemented his legend had yet to appear.  But he already had a legend, and Jimmy J wants to embody it, to serve it, like a first century Christian in a Cecil de Mille epic of Rome.  He is torn between two girls, the homecoming princess Charlotte, played by Deborah Benson, and the freaky Billie Jean (Lisa Blount, who unfortunately has to perform in the shadow of Susan Tyrell as her mom).  His friends include Tom Hulce and Dennis Christopher, both playing straight in this film, or somewhat straight, it's like Jimmy J has two little Platos running with him.  And then there's Dennis Quaid!  Jimmy J loves James Dean, Tom Hulce loves Richard Thomas, and Dennis just stands around looking gorgeous and glowering.  Bridges' films usually manage to get his leading man down to his underwear and in September 30, 1955 he takes this structural element to extremes, it's almost as though, distraught by Dean's death, Jimmy J can't seem to remember that boys wear pants.  Is this a good thing or a bad thing?  Depends on how you feel about the former "John Boy trying, through sheer acting concentration, to summon up a single ounce of sexual charisma.  The movie uses ("borrows") snatches of Leonard Rosenman's famous Dean theme and sometimes this seems a bit heavyhanded, and yet one forgives this movie almost everything simply because it's so odd and ambitious.
 Everybody Hates Chris - The Third Season by Tyler James Williams is the best season yet.  Chris Rock is a genius to add more funny to an already funny childhood.  You gotta get this!!  I already have seasons 1 & 2 and can't wait to get season 4.
 When this movie started and I heard the first dialogue, I was thinking after five minutes I will be turning off this movie and feeling disappointed for choosing it. However, this movie turned out to be a pleasant surprise.  This movie details the story of a couple and how their relationship evolves. There is also a ton of comedy on man/woman relationships and marriage. Even the soundtrack was nice. If you like comedy, I would recommend this movie.
 I liked this TV movie very much.  The story was rather unconventional, some good surprises and a good twist ending.  I wish that it had been offered in the DVD format.
 When I slipped this movie into the DVD player I really didn't have high hopes.  I like Jennifer Weiner though I haven't read this partiular book- but then I recognized Susannah Grant's name from the fame Erin Brockvich movie and my interest perked up.  Rightly so.  In Her Shoes is a wonderful character study about sisters/ friendship or just plain ole relationships.  They're hard-sometimes impossible and more time than you care to admit you just want to toss your hands up and walk away from them all.  But emotions don't always follow logic and I think the actors as well as the screenwriter successfully gets that point across.  In the begining you will hate Maggie but by the end you will come to understand and perhaps love her-despite the flaws.  Even Rose the martyr has a few cracks in the mirror and her character arch isn't as dynamic as Maggie's but at least she's smiling by the end.
 This is a good sister relationship movie. I liked it because it has a good script and doesn't go just for laughs. I guess it's what used to be called a melodrama. It's a word that seems out of use today but fits this movie perfectly.  It's about two sisters who are very different from each other. Cameron Diaz plays Maggie, who enjoys a life of dalliances and trifling experiences. Her sister Rose is played by Toni Collette. She is a serious lawyer who used to make herself feel better by food and has turned to shoes. Both Maggie and Rose are trying to fill a void in their lives. But it's Rose that has to bail Maggie out of trouble and is tired of it. She wants a real life. Their fragile relationship is damaged when Maggie has a fling with Rose's suitor...or at least Rose wants him to be a suitor. They lose touch with each other when Maggie decides to go to her long lost grandmother.  This is a great rainy afternoon movie that maybe some sensitive guys can get into as well (but I wouldn't count on it!). Get some ice cream and curl up on the sofa or in the bed and enjoy!
 I didn't like the movie as much as I thought I would like it but I liked it enough to give it four stars. It was cute, funny, sad, boring at time, but over all a decent film. I loved seeing both of the character grow throughout the movie. I would recommend it.
 This is a good one to see...the differences between sisters.I thought it had a great storyline...and had a great ending also. Not just for the girls to see I think a good man would enjoy this also.  It's probably more an age thing to feel this movie has any meaning.  A Must See
 This is a pleasant movie.  It starts off with a self-absorbed younger sister ruining just about every thing and every one she comes in contact with.  The older sister is responsible, hard working, sensitive, and has a poor self image.  The re-acquaintance with a long lost grandmother brings the sisters balance and success in their lives. It also gives the grandmother some peace, which was missing from her life for decades.  Although the film is predictable, it has humor and pathos, and leaves you with a good feeling.  Nothing very deep, but it is enjoyable.
 The beginning of the movie saw two struggling women - a drifting and jobless Maggie (Cameron Diaz) and her elder sister Rose (a slim Toni Collette), a lawyer who took care of Maggie in time of need. Both were unhappy and after a bitter quarrel split apart abruptly.  Came to their rescue was grandma Ella (Shirley Maclaine) - a healer who helped Maggie stand on her feet (a job and a home), reunite the two sisters and consequently found herself reconciliated with her son-in-law.  Although the movie had a slow and depressing start, it lighted up with hope when Shirley Maclaine showed up and graced the screen with her intelligence, subtleness and worldliness. The movie provided us a glimpse of an active community for retirement in Florida and it was here that Maggie found her worth and career. Cameron Diaz, as Maggie, looked very much in the role - she was so unattractive before her life was transformed by Maclaine but radiant with purpose afterwards, so much so she could rescue Toni Corette's fallen apart engagement. Toni Corette (Mauriel's wedding) was the one to watch. She was not very beautiful yet she was real and unpretentious. She had far less scenes with Shirley Maclaine than Cameron Diaz did, but she alone could deliver her own struggle with her feelings for and against her sister fluidly and capture attention. Towards the end, there were warm moments that could evoke an overflow of emotions and sentiments.  Blood is thicker than water. An emotional baggage not handled means one (Maggie) has not yet grown up and jeopardised one's (Rose's) happiness even with an engagement ring on the finger. A feel good movie that women audience could definitely relate to their personal experiences.
 I read the book about a year ago. The movie does a pretty good job of keeping to the story line. Shirley Maclaine and Toni Collette do wonderful jobs. The scenes at the "retirement community are my favorite!
 A great film with great acting and a great story. The soty starts like any other movie but ends up tugging at your heart and making you fall in love with it's charactors. The story is about 2 oppoist sisters who get in a big fight and go diffrent ways. Camreon diaz dose a great job in her best preformance yet. The movie has some slow parts but mostly the movie is good. There is also amny almost teary moments between the sisters and the other characters. One of 2005 best films and it's one that you'll love.
 In Her Shoes has taken an honorary spot on my "All Time Favorite Chick Flick shelf since the first time I saw it.  The characters are wonderful, and the actresses chosen well to fill the spots.  The story itself is great and kept me entertained the whole way through... ending up with a heartwarming smile at the end.
 I frequently judge a book by its cover and a movie by its titles. When Garbage's Stupid Girl started rolling in dolby, I knew the director's taste was very much on the ball for a theme where a high roller leaves a lucrative job to become a dog walker. As achingly familiar as the rest of the premise may seem (family folk coming together) this is an earnest, contemporary dramedy about adults -- ok, women -- that has little use for cynicism or oh-so-clever hipness. It chugs right along, all the three leads do their bit, especially Shirley McLaine who even steers Diaz to class hitherto unseen from her (although the shots of Miami could really have done without their glossy painful golden tint), and by the time you're done, you realize that this effortless little delight has in fact built up enough emotional curve to couch quite a touching statement about life and love. A bit like Wonder Boys, that shared the texture of this film. Which means I should probably caveat my gloating paean with the usual 'For discerning audiences only' as a film of this cadence may not appeal to those weaned on a steady diet of Something About Mary or She's the Man. Highly recommended rental if you covet meaning in your movies and don't mind a story that unfurls like a flower instead of a Jack in the Box.
 Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is a naughty party girl. We first meet her when she's throwing up in the rest room of a nightclub, a young hunk hovering over her in disgust. Insecure and neglected, she's been coasting through life basically on her looks. But time is steadily catching up with her; she can no longer rely on her tarty beauty and her ability to beguile men as much as she used to.  Her more introverted sister Rose (Toni Collette) is Maggie's mirror opposite
 First saw this at the movies, now have the dvd.  The first 2 min's are hard (in fact almost walked out of the movies) but sit it out.  You need to see where she was to really get where she ends up.
 This film came out of no where and landed into our dvd players and on hbo. Thank God that it did because this movie is like that. There is nothing like sibling rivalries; Can't live with em', can't live without em'!
 In Her Shoes is a wise and understanding look at how sisters can love each other but not like one another. The characters played by Cameron Diaz (the beautiful and unreliable one) and Toni Collette (the sensible one)are true to live and believablr. Shirley Maclainr as their grandmother is also great.
 I thought the movie was an entertaining 2 1/2 hours!!! The time flew by I wanted more!! I loved it,it was an altime favorite!!!!! Cameron Diaz and Toni Collette were a perfect match as sisters!
 But, my husband did not.  He thought it was too long.  I thought it was more of a chick flick.  I would recommend anyone to watch it.
 This is a well written film.  Ms. Shirley and Ms. Colette are superb with their performances.  Such an entertaining motion picture within this world of rarities.  The studio's poor choices are noted with the casting of Diaz.  Her skills are certainly not genetic and one cannot create silk from crap.  If Diaz's character were recast,  this film would EASILY pull out 5 stars.  The costume designs are remarkable.  The lighting and cinematography are flawless.  The screenplay is easily delivered.  The film puts the viewer in a happy place and allows the mind to travel into the screen.  Well done.
 Not far into "In Her Shoes, Rose, played by Toni Collette, tells her sister, "You ruin everything!  She's right, too.  Maggie, played by Cameron Diaz, is a party girl pushing 30 who's unemployed but works full time making messes. Sort of a Holly Go-Not-So-Lightly, she ruins borrowed clothes, parks in tow-away zones, is far better at consuming liquor than holding it and has a bad tendency to cozy up to the wrong guys.  Lawyer Rose, on the other hand, has her act together but isn't much better off. Lonely and scrunched up, she reads romance novels through stark glasses and has a smile that's a little disconcerting. When she finds herself in bed with a co-worker, she sneaks a snapshot of him just to preserve a rare moment.  Obviously, the sisters are both going through kind of a sad phase and when they have to move in together, they mix like bleach and ammonia. Their toxic conflict, however, nudges them in good directions.  Director Curtis Hanson doesn't rush the story -- one thing happens, then the next -- but it's surprisingly enjoyable to watch as Rose and Maggie eventually try to fix themselves. It could've been slow going, or corny, but it isn't. The writing (by Susannah Grant, who adapted Jennifer Weiner's novel) is so natural, and the performances so assured, "Shoes is easy to settle into. Diaz convincingly inverts her bubbly persona into something with dimensions far beyond "Charlie's Angels, while Collette is a refreshingly sympathetic grouch. And though they may not look anything at all like siblings, they do a fine job of acting like them.  Also good is Shirley McLaine as the sisters' grandmother. She has played quite a few stern, disapproving women before (she's to chick flicks what Bruce Willis is to movies for guys who like movies), but here she very nicely downplays her usual volatility.  At just over two hours, the film might strike some as a bit long, and I'm usually the first to complain about excessive length, but in thinking back about it afterward, it's hard to come up with anything that should've been cut.  Smarter and more heartfelt than the previews suggest, "Shoes is a tearjerker that earns its sniffles.
 "In Her Shoes", the book,  was decent chick lit; a sophomore effort by author Jennifer Weiner.  Of note is that Weiner's books will no doubt get a fresh breath in sales after a ton of American women openly weep for this movie!  I'm not sure how the studio (Fox) got Curtis Hanson to direct the film.  Hanson, who's scored big with "L.A. Confidential", "Wonder Boys and "8 Mile seems an unlikely choice, but it is he who wisely emphasizes what is real about the film; the relationships, sibling rivalry, difficulty for a family to deal with a member who is outwardly normal, but who suffers from a psychological trauma; generation gaps and the expectations for people to be what they look like, and not who they really are.  Hanson beefed up his chances for more that just fleeting commercial success by securing Toni Collette (Muriel's Wedding, About a Boy) for the really central role in the film, and surrounding her with Diaz, MacLaine, and a solid cast of performers in lesser roles.  (This is not to take anything away from Mark Feurstein, who plays Simon.  As always he exudes charm and vulnerability in his roles that makes him a favorite of nearly every woman who sees him on the screen).  Hanson takes Collette, as Rose, from disgust at having to deal with messy, drunken, inconsiderate sister Maggie (Diaz) when all she really wants to do is focus on a new love affair, to angry lashing out when Maggie betrays her.  He allows her to show the sense of loss she has when she doesn't know what happened to Maggie, self-discovery when she gets away from being a workaholic lawyer, sweet charm when she discovers love under her nose and begins to enjoy it, to self-loathing.  And back again!  He allows us to see Diaz as someone at her worst - uncontrollable, inconsiderate, a woman chock-full of destructive behaviors who slowly, slowly begins to find herself when faced with a woman who won't just give her what she wants so she'll go away.  Diaz is at once her most beautiful and her most cheap and tawdry in this role.  MacLaine, as Ella, a caricature of every character she's played in the last 10 years, has the dubious distinction of making Maggie decide to get real and have a real life, crazy as it seems, in a Florida senior citizen community.  In the journey of self-discovery that is Rose's and Maggie's, at the same time, but in different states, Hanson fills us with the longing they both have, and the need they have to be together.  For all their opposite traits, for all their mistakes, Rose and Maggie, above all, are two sisters whose lives are so entwined, they cannot be torn apart.  In the quintessential scene from the film, where MacLaine, (who has been shut out from the girls' lives because she interfered too often with their mother, her own mentally unbalanced daughter) takes out a photo album, the two reminisce about the "best day with their mom.  Two days before her death she withdrew them from school, took them to Manhattan, and attempted to sell her fudge to department stores ala Mrs. Field's cookies.  Spurned, she bought Rose a Nancy Drew book and Maggie a puppy.  She returned home to her husband, who was frantic with worry....he has closely guarded the girls, since she is so unstable, and he feels she needs to be hospitalized. (Manic depressive?  We learn she has not been taking her meds).  It is remarkable to see Maggie (Diaz) learn for the first time what that day really meant; that it caused their mother to commit suicide (Maggie thought it was a car accident) and that from that day forward, Rose protected and sheltered her from the ugliness of what their mother had done and why.  It's a powerful scene, made more powerful by the information as elicited by Ella, over the old photos.  There are more well-nuanced scenes in this film, and there are also places where it attempts to play too much on your emotions, such as Maggie's insistence at picking out Rose's wedding dress.  In her shoes, of course, is metaphoric for the same shoe size that both the sisters wear, the incongruity of a closet-full of beautiful designer shoes purchased by Rose, and unworn...that Maggie dips into and takes whenever she feels like it.  You never really know what life is like for a sister or a friend until you've walked in her shoes.  All in all, Hanson does a remarkable job with the material, Collette is spectacular, Diaz shines, and the film has both power and light touches that will make it memorable for women from all walks of life.  Men?  I daresay the handful of men that see it will like it, but most should wait and watch the DVD as a favor to their significant others!
 Cameron Diaz is always the brightest, prettiest, most popular girl in the room. She's the girl all the guys love and the women envy. She can throw down shots of tequila with the guys on the one hand and go shoe shopping with her girls on the other. So far in her career, she's played the live-wire, the over-achiever, the most elegantly dressed...the sexiest, friendliest, the most dazzling. Not so in Curtis Hanson's (the sublime "LA Confidential") "In her Shoes. Diaz's Maggie Feller is a forlorn thief and drunk and more to the point a loser. Diaz's incandescent beauty is even dulled here
 What brings this chick flick over the top is Cameron Diaz. It's a great performance by her and she carries the movie. I didn't expect that. The only other time I remember her being almost this good was in "Being John Malkovich and of course "Something About Mary". She is a good actress but she does pick bad roles sometimes, that's her flaw.  The movie itself is way better than I ever expected it to be. Most chick flicks let me down with sappiness but "In Her Shoes rises way above any of that. The director Curtis Hanson lets each scene breath and doesn't rush things. Characters get a chance to express themselves through nice dialogue and subtle conversations. We really get to know these people. Shirley MacLaine as the grandmother of the two sisters brings warmth and intelligence to every scene she's in. There are some funny moments but mostly this is a drama. There are some very touching scenes, especially with Diaz and an old man in a nursing home whom she befriends.  There a few flaws here and there, like one too many plot coincidences, and an over-the-top portrayal of the mother-in-law, but nothing bad enough to make a difference. Toni Collette and all the other actors also do a great job. I'm a guy and I'm a little addicted to this movie, I've seen it a few times. Weird. Congratulations to Cameron Diaz let's see if she can top this.
 One of the best date films of 2005, In Her Shoes is a dramatic relationship comedy that doesn't take itself too seriously. Directed by Curtis Hanson, the hand behind such films as 8 Mile (2002), LA Confidential (1997), and The Hand That Rocks The Cradle (1992), the film is successful in a genre where so many of its peers have miserably failed. The casting is superb, and the onscreen interaction between the various characters creates a realistic impression of wavering love and conflict. Based on the novel by Jennifer Weiner, it weaves a tale of two sisters with differing lifestyles and a lifetime of personal baggage...  In Her Shoes begins with the latest installment of an ongoing personality clash between sisters Rose (Toni Collette) and Maggie (Cameron Diaz) Feller. When the shy and reserved Rose is approached by the most eligible bachelor in her law firm, the two hit it off quite nicely. But Maggie ruins the affair when she shows up on Rose's doorstep and steals the man away with her unrelenting flirtations. After constant feuding, Rose kicks Maggie out while contemplating her own future. She takes a leave of absence from her law firm and contemplates dog walking as an alternative career path. Along the way, she encounters another colleague from the firm, Simon Stein (Mark Feuerstein). The two strike up a romantic relationship, but Rose's past threatens to ruin the whole thing.  Meanwhile, Maggie discovers the two have a long-lost grandmother, Ella Hirsch (Shirley MacLaine), who lives in Florida. With no one left to leech off of, Maggie heads straight for Ella's retirement community. But Ella has no intention of being a human punching bag, and for the first time in her life, Maggie meets someone who won't put up with her perpetual self-centeredness and grossly inconsiderate behavior. It's a stand-off certain to change the lives of everyone involved...  Toni Collette is outstanding in the role of the responsible and untrusting sister, Rose. She portrays an overachieving, yet somewhat socially awkward, individual sick of playing the part of parent to her wild and rebellious sister. Her actions are understandable and believable; her reluctance to see Maggie in a new light is well-paced. On an equal note, Cameron Diaz fits the part of the irresponsible, yet likeable, Maggie. Yearning for approval, her arrested development transitions to adulthood in the face of unconditional love.  The strength of In Her Shoes is almost solely attributable to the various performances of the cast and the screenplay itself. This isn't a plot-driven movie, and the slightest bit of awkwardness between cast members or the least bit of forced dialogue could wreck the whole film. Luckily, the audience experiences neither, and most viewers will walk away satisfied with their experience. Kudos to screenwriter Susannah Grant whose portfolio includes box office hits like Erin Brockovich (2000), Ever After (1998), and Pocahontas (1995). Grant's vast expertise in manufacturing high quality scripts provided the cast with a firm foundation from which to deliver their lines. Overall, In Her Shoes is not a blockbuster titan of the big screen. It has few memorable one-liners, but from an entertainment standpoint, it works well. It whisks its audience away to another place and time without leaving them empty handed, and that's what all good movies are supposed to do...  The DVD Report
 Having previously tackled a wide range of themes in his films, Director Curtis Hanson delves into the love/hate relationship of two disparate sisters in the film, In Her Shoes.  The result is an enjoyably entertaining comedy/drama featuring a number of topflight performances and some hilarious dialogue.  Maggie Feller (Cameron Diaz) is an irresponsible, practically illiterate alcoholic who sleeps around and mooches or steals to get by in the world.  Her sister, Rose Feller (Toni Collette) is a self conscious, workaholic lawyer who is dating her boss and indulges in her one passion, fashionable dress shoes.  (Maggie's obsession with Rose's sexy heels recalls an ongoing theme of television's Sex and the City.)  Both sisters lost their psychologically impaired mother to a supposed car accident that affected their family over the years. One day Maggie is thrown out of her house by her step mother and dad.  Finding refuge with her sister, Rose, she proceeds to make life miserable with her carefree attitude and interference that ends in embarrassment and anger for both.  As Rose's romantic and professional life is turned upside down, Maggie is sent packing and turns to one last hope, her maternal grandmother she never knew, namely Ella Hirsch (Shirley MacLaine).  Ella works in a retirement community in Florida, and Maggie's appearance causes quite a stir.  When she lost her daughter, Ella lost touch with her granddaughters, and Maggie's `visit' serves as a catalyst for reconnection.  Maggie's visit becomes a reawakening of sorts for herself and a chance for Ella to rediscover her lost family.  Meanwhile, Rose is at a crossroads in her life and decides to change course in her job and finds romance from an unlikely source.  Anxious to reunite her granddaughters, Ella resorts to extreme measures to bridge an emotional gap as her two girls begin to discover their own identities in unique and unexpected ways.  This is a gem of a film.  It says something when you realize early on that you are watching something special.  Curtis Hanson (L.A.Confidential, Wonder Boys) has struck gold with Susannah Grant's (Erin Brokovich) adaptation of the best seller by Jennifer Weiner.  The film is really about the secrets and lies that cripple a family over time and how a strange course of events revisit the relationships or lack thereof.  Hanson and the company do a marvelous job of balancing some very funny dialogue with more serious, dramatic scenes.  There are some great, memorable lines, some of which are funny and smart without losing sight of the context of the story.  A number of scenes are touching and affecting in their sensitive handling of real emotions without becoming clich&eacute;d.  It's nice to see real people who change over time and how seemingly inconsequential supporting characters gradually come to the forefront.  The acting by the entire cast is strong and you appreciate the little nuances in facial expression and inflection of dialogue that enrich each character.  This may be Cameron Diaz's best performance.  That's saying something as the glamorous model has been more star than actress in her most popular films (Charlie's Angels, There's Something About Mary) and she is given a juicy role with sharp direction.  Toni Collette has always been a solid actress in any film (Sixth Sense, The Hours) but she has found a wonderful character in Rose and makes the most of it.  Shirley MacLaine (Terms of Endearment, The Turning Point) is terrific in what is a change of pace role where she eschews makeup to look her age and shows a maternal wisdom that is the stuff of Supporting Oscars.  You wish there were more of her in the film, but what's there is delicious.  It's nice to see an old pro like Norman Lloyd still displaying his acting chops in what is a minor role of a bed-ridden patient who has a profound influence on Diaz's character.  The performances are complemented by seamless editing which not only captures the right reactions, but effortlessly switches back and forth between the two sisters especially during key scenes that are thematically linked.  Although the running time goes over two hours, the pacing is good, and everything seems integral to the storyline.  The musical score by Mark Isham is quite effective in complimenting the emotional moments without ever being intrusive.  Despite its strong script, the film never fully explores Maggie's transformation which, while uplifting and remarkable, is never totally convincing given her origins and tendencies.  Things get wrapped up in a dreamy sendoff which is perhaps too good to be true, but those same qualities also make for a more upbeat film.  Hanson displays a very keen eye in relating what is essentially a woman's film.  Yes, this may be considered a woman's film in its theme and target audience, but considering the fact it is also a well made, funny, and heart rending film about love and family, the women ought to bring along the men.  In Her Shoes is not just about rival sisters but rather it is about a family yanked apart and slowly brought together again in ways that are not altogether apparent at the start.  How these lost souls meld together is the stuff of high entertainment and substance.
 The only reason why I didnt give this movie a five because it was kinda cheesy, however cheesy worked for me. The premise is FAMILY and what could be more improtant then that. Mix a little deception and down right romance and you have found a cute cuddly movie when you see In Her Shoes. I didnt read the book so I cant compare it.  Guys will enjoy multiple booty shots of Cameron Diaz, as if we hadnt seen enough already (smile) while learning about loving a woman, and ladies you will understand the bonds of sisterhood. In Her Shoes is a great I am glad I saw that kind of a movie. Add it to your collection if you love chic flicks
 Two sisters, Rose and Maggie, at opposite ends of the spectrum, and life. Rose, high pressure wallflower attorney spends her life caring for beautiful, aimless Maggie, harboring a hidden secret of her own. At first, it harbors the appearance of "chick flick", especially when you find out Shirley MacClaine stars as an aging grandmother who lives in a Florida retirement community. But what Curtis Hanson has crafted is a smart, sharp drama that is compelling, emotional, and wonderful.  It could have very easily slipped into becoming a Lifetime movie of the week, but Hanson's expert direction, and the excellent performances, allow this movie room to breathe and grow into a fine ensemble piece. Each performance is nuanced and balanced. The always strong Toni Collette pulls off her role as Rose with rage and understanable heartbreak. Cameron Diaz turns in another surprising turn as Maggie, proving she's more than just a pretty face. The two are magic together. Shirley MacClaine's Ella is understated and brilliant, making her all the more believable.  I really enjoyed this movie, and I think you would too.
 It must take courage to wade through an overstuffed yet flimsy novel such as Jennifer Weiner's IN HER SHOES and find that without all the paraphernalia bruising the essential message there is a fine story to be told.  Such is the case of director Curtis Hanson (8 Mile, LA Confidential, The Wonder Boys) who consistently pares down stories and focuses on significant human issues.  He is greatly aided by Susannah Grant's fine screenplay and by a cast of actors who are at their peak. For all the PR that ruined this film in the theaters (the Magnum Opus 'chick flick', about shoes, silly graphics, etc), this is in truth a fine drama about sibling rivalry and sibling devotion and the cruel effects self-loathing bifurcated parents unwittingly have on their offspring.  Rose Feller (Toni Collette) is a bright but dumpy lawyer, successful in her career but miserable in her social life. Her sister Maggie (Cameron Diaz) is her opposite
 At first I was hesistant when I saw they were making this into a movie because the movie never, ever lives up to the book. This one, however, was fabulous. One of the better adaptations I have seen. I cannot wait to buy this movie. Everybody look for Jennifer Weiner in the market place scene! Toni Collette is very good as Rose, and Cameron Diaz, who I was solely worried about shines as Maggie. I didn't think she could handle drama, but kudos to her. Shirley McClaine is absolutely perfect for Ella, she does the role well. My favorite character is Mrs. Lefkowitz, unfortunately I do not know the actress' name, but she could not have done a better job. If you love Jen's novels this is a must own, and if you've never read her books, you must read one immediately if not sooner. Weiner has a great talent, I only wish she produced her novels faster because I cannot get enough of them. My biggest complaint is that this movie is not coming out in time for Christmas. Otherwise, it's a great movie to watch with your girlfriends.
 I was well pleased with In Her Shoes.  The movie is very funny but also heart-warming.  It believably depicts the love-hate relationship between two sisters who are as different as night and day.  (We see this a lot in real life.)  Cameron Diaz is great as the beautiful-but ditzy, illiterate, irresponsible, selfish, and immoral-Maggie Feller.  Toni Collette also shows great talent as she plays Maggie's plain Jane, smart, strait-laced, workaholic lawyer sister Rose, who has a gorgeous collection of shoes that Maggie can't leave alone (thus the title of the movie).  The two sisters certainly have their differences but have always been close, in part because they lost their mentally ill mother when they were little girls.  Then Maggie does something to hurt Rose and betray her trust, and Rose throws her out.  Right after this, Maggie accidentally finds out that the girls have a grandmother they didn't know they had, and goes to stay with her (and mooch off of her).  The movie takes a pleasantly surprising turn when the grandmother (brilliantly portrayed by Shirley MacClaine) is introduced, along with her hilarious friends (reminiscent of that wonderful tv show The Golden Girls).  The very wonderful chain of events that take place after this eventually bring the sisters back together.  During the time the sisters are separated, Rose takes a leave of absence from her burned-out lawyer job and finds true happiness working as a dog-walker.  Then she falls in love and gets engaged.  In the meantime, Maggie (at her grandmother's insistence) takes a job at an assisted living home and befriends a resident there who is a retired professor, and he helps her learn to read, come to feel better about herself,  and come to appreciate other people more.  Then Maggie learns she has a special talent for shopping for other people, and she puts it to great use.  Other characters who play an important role in this movie are Maggie and Rose's father and stepmother, played by Ken Howard and Candace Azzara.  The girls both dearly love their father, and the feeling is mutual, but the father is weak-willed and obviously afraid of his domineering wife.  This stepmother would give the wicked stepmother in Cinderella a run for her money, as she kicks Maggie out of their house and humiliates Rose at her wedding shower.  While watching In Her Shoes, I was never bored or wishing the movie would hurry and be over.  It held my interest, as I kept wondering what would happen next.  The movie ends on a heart-warming note, and it shows us that "blood is thicker than water. In Her Shoes is not intended to be a conventional chick flick nor romantic comedy, but it actually works better as a family dramedy. There is plenty of funny and touching moments in this film to make it worthwhile watching, especially the the three leads perfectly fit their roles in this film that deals with dysfunctional sisterhood, history of family feuds, forgiveness, and reconcilation. I must say that initially I was drawn to seeing this film for Shirley MacLaine and my favorite Austrilian actress Toni Collette, but I was quite impressed by Cameron Diaz whom I had little expectation for as a serious actress. To my surprise, this is probably her most striking performance since Being John Malkovich. Guys will get to see enough of her wearing skimpy outfits, underwears, and bikinis. I guess that's part of the whole commercial selling point, no wonder she receives top billing and she's the only one on the poster.  The movie starts with Maggie Feller(Cameron Diaz) in the middle of a foreplay scene with a former classmate at her high school reunion. She was too drunk to even have sex in the first place, and ended up passing out in the washroom. Her sister Rose(Toni Collette) was summoned to pick her up and take her back to her father's house, but ended up getting kicked out by the mean stepmother. So it was Rose' turn to take her in as her new roomate, but they ended up gettting on each other's nerves since they had nothing in common. At one point, Maggie says,"I'll do your makeup if you do my resume. Rose is overweight and could care less about her image, and she's a total workaholic. One would wonder how the heck does Rose' sexy and hunky boss Jim(Richard Burgi) was interested in her in the first place. She's so inexperienced sexually and romantically, which is the opposite of her promiscuous sister. Richard Burgi is somewhat wasted with minimal screentime, but he did get to show off his ultra-muscular body. The breaking point between the sisters take place when Jim cheats on Rose with Maggie. That's where they verbally and physically attack each other.  The homeless and jobless Maggie went back to her father's house for one more time to steal some cash and accidently discovered letters written from her obsentee grandmother Ella(Shirley MacLaine) whom she thought had died years ago. She then headed to Miami to track down her uninformed grandmother. Ella was very delighted and surprised by her visit. She eventually shared with Maggie the secrets, lies, and feuds between her daughter, son-in-law, and her before she had to abandon the family. At this point, Maggie starts to reflect on life and makes changes to improve herself. She had to move beyond her imature and crazy old self and take life more serious. She takes the job as a caretaker for the seniors and for the first time she's sober and clean. Meanwhile, Rose is falling in love with her ex-collegue from the law firm. Her first official boyfriend Simon Stein(Mark Feuerstein) had a crush on her since day one. She had no idea where Maggie had gone and she starts to worry and miss her. Then she receives an unexpected letter from her grandmother.......  Cameron Diaz looks very sexy and beautiful in this film and she had the most amount screentime, but her role is not as dramatic and challenging as Toni Collette's. I guess one gets to deliver serve as the eye-candy and the other gets to be emotionally affecting. I really enjoyed their fight scenes together, because I can totally relate to what it's like to not get along with your siblings. Shirley MacLaine's role is somewhat low-key, and she had merely a few funny and touchy moments opposite Diaz and Collette. Her performance was so subtle and believable that I just wished she had more screentime to work with. The verdict
 This was a pleasant way to spend an afternoon. I didn't set out to watch the movie from beginning to end (cable), but it kept me in my seat. The ending was rather predictable, but the acting was top-notch.  I don't expect any less from Toni Colette, but I was more than surprised by Cameron Diaz.  She was very convincing, as was MacLaine.  Overall, the movie did a good job at portraying the tension, rivalry, and love in the family.  I don't think there is a single family out there who doesn't have some form of dysfunction. This was believable.  A good flick for a rainy afternoon.
 Maggie (Cameron Diaz) and Rose (Toni Collette) are sisters.  When they were children their mother died, their father became catatonic, and all they had is each other.  Rose grew up to be a lawyer in Philadelphia, and Maggie became beautiful without bothering to grow up.  Tossed out of the house of her father (Ken Howard) by her shrewish stepmother (Candice Azzara), Maggie moves in for Rose and completely takes advantage of the situation.  No number of post-it notes will stop Maggie from taking her sister's jewelry, money, and shoes.  We know from early on that Maggie is not a good person, and then she does something so horrific that Rose throws her up against the wall and screams, "Get out of my life!  Rose is right to do so, but given that after their mother's death Rose gave up her childhood to ensure that Maggie had one of her own, her sister's absence is a void that cannot be filled.  It seems obvious early on that this is going to be one of those movies where each sister is going to learn to be a bit more like the other, but surprisingly that proves not to be the case.  This makes sense because while Maggie is a failure who needs to "grow up and become somebody different, Rose's fault is in not being happy with who she is; some modifications are necessary, but not the radical overhauling that Maggie needs to undergo.  The Maggie we meet richly deserves her "F, but at worst Rose is but a "D.  There is the sense in which the two sisters are opposites, since Maggie likes herself more than she should and Rose likes herself less than she deserves, but Rose is clearly the one more sinned against.  Then fate throws Maggie a life preserver in the discovery of her maternal grandmother, Ella (Shirley MacLaine), who was shut out of her life by her father, and who lives in Florida.  So Maggie disappears and Rose tells no one that she does not know where her sister has gone.  I found "In Her Shoes to be much better than I expected.  This is one case where the trailer for a film proves to be deceptive (rather than serving up all of the good parts), because the film is darker than the comic moments we see would indicate.  I like that the cruel twist of fate that brings Rose together with another lawyer at her firm, Simon Stein (Mark Feurestein), who turns out to have the charming ability to make ordering from a menu a romantic occasion.  Simon will attempt to do for Rose what Ella is trying to accomplish with Maggie, but in the end it is only the sisters who can complete the healing process.  The insight comes when Ella reveals that after her daughter's funeral she received what was obviously a suicide note.  What it says explains why Ella cannot be content simply to try and get Maggie to grow up, and why other things must take place.  Whether the credit goes to novelist Jennifer Weiner or screenwriter Susannah Grant ("Ever After, "Erin Brockovich"), the key thing is that the writing is what matters here.  Maggie's transformation actually begins before she arrives on her grandmother's doorstep, because it hurting Rose to the point where her sister turns on her, Maggie has finally sees herself for what she is, which is not much.  There is motivation to change, as represented by her remaining sober, but Ella provides the opportunity when she offers Maggie half a helping hand.  Although she is now surrounded by a retirement community of active seniors, where the women look down their noses at her and the men look over their sunglasses, it is a blind English professor (Norman Lloyd), who gives Maggie reason to think for the first time in her life that she is not just a stupid tramp who has nothing to offer anybody but her looks.  What begins with a harsh revelation during an MTV interview and is heightened by the disparagement regarding the insult "Fat Pig, becomes a wonderful surprise at the end.
 I'd truly enjoyed both experiences, reading the book as well as getting a chance to see the movie. It doesn't really matter which you do first so if you've happened to see the movie, you'll still enjoy reading the book - or vice versa (read the book, see the movie). I admit I lead toward reading the book first.  The basic story seems simple but is richly layered, showing the complexities of sisters trying to connect when their personalities are so different. It also reveeals how family secrets can cause damage for years (I won't divulge the particular family secret - it is a whopper). I WILL reveal this much - the tragic secret not only damages the entire family (father, daughters, sisters and stepmother) but, even worse,divides the sisters, motivating one (played by Toni Collette) to become an obsessively controlled person as well as a caretaker type. She doesn't feel attractive but she DOES feel competent.   In contrast, her sister (Cameron Diaz) is absolutely gorgeous but thinks very little of herself, willing to try and coast by on her good looks, whatever jobs come her way and the kindness of men who are all too willing to pay her bar tabs for a chance of bedding her. She relys on her sister to save her when she drinks too much, to rescue her from herself. The strain is taking its toll on the already tense relationship between the two.    I think Camerson Diaz is stunning in her role as the perpetual "screw up", putting on a good face while feeling like an idiot underneath. Instead of being a goofy sexpot, this time she allows some genuine vulnerability and pain to come through and she pulls it off. She engages the viewer and elicits sympathy (something that isn't always so easy to do for someone who seems so genetically blessed). In short, Diaz comes across as a very real, flawed person who eventually (but slowly, tenuously) gains hope that she can do better.  While I found the film to be worth at least one viewing, it had some flaws. It dragged at certain points and even though it wasn't a long film, somehow it seemed to go forever. Still, I was eager to see how the sisters worked through their anger and pain to try and reconnect. Along the way, they encounter a grandmother they'd never known and who is a major factor in resolving their differences.    The girl's grandmother is played by Shirley MacClaine, a woman whose personality is so forceful, so simply and completely PRESENT, that it is hard to pay attention to anyone else when she is on screen. At times, her role of eccentric older woman was a bit much for me, almost stereotypical, but she seems to approach every role with complete conviction so I can easily forgive any apparent excesses. Besides, she isn't afraid to be unpleasant on screen. She is willing to show that getting older isn't this wonderful experience, that there are good days and bad along the way. I imagine there might have been some pressure to soft pedal that approach. I'm glad she didn't.    This movie is also about stepping outside one's usual routine, of taking chances and moving towards a middle ground, one where both sisters become (a bit) more like each other. Finding peace with one another isn't easy because one sister betrays the other early on in a particularly painful way. But find peace they do and I was left with the reminder that maintaining family bonds is worth quite a bit, including some assaults to pride and dignity. No one else shares quite the same memories and history as one's sister.   Toni Collette, an actress I really  enjoy watching on screen, just didn't seem to hit her stride in this film, while Cameron Diaz went far beyond my expectations.
 Maggie Feller (Cameron Diaz) is a party girl who has tested every relationship in her life. Drunk at her high school reunion, with no where else to turn, she calls her sister, Rose (Toni Collette), a successful, but lonely attorney. Rose grudgingly allows Maggie to move in, crashing on her couch. A few weeks later, Maggie has officially overstayed her welcome. She can't go home to her father, his wife won't allow Maggie to live there. So Maggie travels to Florida to visit her grandmother, Ella (Shirley MacLaine), a woman she didn't know was still alive. In Florida, Maggie gradually learns about her place in life. Back at home, Rose deals with a conniving co-worker and falls in love with Simon (Mark Feuerstein). Eventually, distraught over Maggie's disappearance, Rose gets a letter from Ella.  "In Her Shoes", directed by Curtis Hanson ("L.A. Confidential", "8 Mile") is a film filled with good and great performances. Ultimately, the performances help this "chick flick overcome a story that is not the most original or interesting. It's all about the performances.  Curtis Hanson has consistently demonstrated his range and provided evidence of his skill as a director. His body of work can not be categorized as simply "drama", "comedy or "mystery". Each film has shown that he has a good handle on the conventions of the genre; in some cases, he shows mastery ("L.A. Confidential", "Wonder Boys"), in others, a good understanding ("The River Wild", "8 Mile"). With each film, I have found myself more and more appreciative of his talent as a skilled director. Few directors working today are as adept at moving from one genre to the next. If they do this, they are not skilled enough to make each and every film enjoyable on some level. Curtis Hanson has proven that he has the skill and I eagerly anticipate his new films.  "In Her Shoes is a "chick flick", whether the studio, Cameron Diaz or anyone else wants us to believe otherwise. Instead of trying to downplay this angle, and lose potential viewers, why not embrace it? Was it really necessary for Diaz to go on "The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and repeatedly mention how "human the story was? Stewart picked up on this and it was one of his funniest interviews in a while. If you embrace what the film is, the woman will flock to the theaters with their sisters, mothers, aunts, boyfriends, etc. in tow. Tell the women to bring a box of tissue, their boyfriends and husbands can dole it out as needed.  The relationship between Maggie and Rose is the key to the film and it is remarkably balanced. Maggie, the beautiful, but dumb party girl has always used her looks to get her dates, drinks and "companionship". Rose is the studious, hard worker who spends every available hour at the firm, working. She also buys a lot of expensive shoes, even though she doesn't use them. Even though they get on each other's nerves, and drive each other crazy, they are still sisters and love each other. When Maggie travels to Florida, she doesn't tell anyone where she is, more to spite Rose for kicking her out. But her sister becomes concerned and scared about what has happened to Maggie. As Maggie begins to appreciate life with her grandmother, she doesn't feel it necessary to tell anyone. In fact, when Rose finds out, Maggie becomes a bit jealous, momentarily, until they begin to share things as sisters again.  Of the two younger actresses, Toni Collette's performance is better. Collette is simply a better actress and it shows in the way she reveals so many different layers to her character. Rose, always concerned about her looks, is the stronger, smarter sister. Yet, just because she is stronger and smarter, doesn't mean that she doesn't feel loneliness and make dumb decisions. When a partner at her firm gives her the eye, she immediately falls for the attention and begins a short-lived relationship. Throughout the film, we learn more and more about the contradictions in her character making the performance always interesting to watch.  This is not to say that Cameron Diaz is bad. She is very good in this film, perhaps her best performance ever. But her character is not as multifaceted as that of Rose. Basically, Maggie is a party girl and she is perceived as dumb. When she arrives in Florida, these conventions are put to the test and her character evolves. As she begins to challenge herself, Maggie becomes a stronger woman and Diaz makes this transformation more subtle than you might imagine.  Shirley MacLaine is also great as Ella, the long-lost grandmother of Maggie and Rose. Maggie initially decides to visit her grandmother for a couple of reasons; she didn't know she was still alive and she wants to bilk her grandmother for any available cash she possibly can. Ella is a smart woman and recognizes this. Because she has a lot of mixed emotions about her relationship with her grandchildren, she lets Maggie stay with her but won't give her or let her steal money from her. She makes Maggie an offer that works for both of them.  Throughout, the supporting characters are very strong. Mark Feuerstein as Simon, Rose's potential suitor is very good. Persistent and, ultimately, charming, he wins Rose over. Yet, the relationship has more depth than this as well. Most films would be content to let the relationship stay at this level. Hanson takes it even further, adding a lot of depth to the story. As the story shifts to Ella's life at the retirement community, we meet a number of the people who live there. This is, perhaps, the best part of the film. The seniors are portrayed as real people, rather than the usual stereotypes. Each of the people is a different, unique person, simply older. As the main characters interact with this group, we learn about them, both young and old, and what they have to offer each other and the world. Ella is courted by another widower at the community, Louis, and they begin a relationship. A friend of Ella's, Mrs. Lefkowitz, uses a motorized wheel chair and Ella's help to get around, but she has a lot to offer and ultimately helps Maggie find her true calling. It is a remarkably even handed portrayal of a demographic so often stereotyped.  The story veers towards the soap opera-ish at times and the film is too long. But the performances more than make up for these two problems.  All in all, "In Her Shoes is a surprisingly good film. Actually, I am not sure why I was surprised at how good the film was. Director Curtis Hanson hasn't let me down yet.
 The movie "In Her Shoes is based on Jennifer Weiner's novel with the same name. I read the book several months ago and really enjoyed it, but I never had any desire to see the film because I couldn't picture Cameron Diaz as Maggie. That was a big mistake on my part. Diaz gets a bad rap because she's starred in a lot of crappy movies ("Charlie's Angels, anyone?) and is dating a former Backstreet Boy. However, when presented with a good script, Diaz proves that she can actually act. She was amazing in "Being John Malkovich and delivers an outstanding performance in "In Her Shoes.  This movie is about two sisters, Maggie Feller and her sister Rose (Toni Collette). Rose is a successful attorney and is the stereotypical boring, responsible older sister. Younger sister Maggie spends her days and nights drinking and partying, sleeping with whatever random guys happen to be around, and never being able to hold a job for more than a couple of weeks. Being the kind sister that she is, Rose allows Maggie to crash on her couch for what seems to be the millionth time. The two women argue about their respective life choices, and eventually have a big fight. Rose demands that Maggie vacate the apartment, and Maggie retaliates by seducing Rose's coworker/lover, Jim (Richard Burgi). Rose catches Maggie and Jim and the act, and Maggie suddenly finds herself with nowhere to go. Her only option is to track down a mysterious grandmother (Shirley MacLaine) who has been out of the picture since the Feller girls were very young. Maggie travels down to Florida and learns some important lessons from her grandmother Ella, who lives in a senior retirement community. Meanwhile, Rose goes through some personal transformations of her own back home. In spite of everything that has happened between them, Rose and Maggie are unable to sever the bond that has always tied them together, and with the help of their grandmother, the girls are finally able to appreciate each other and enjoy a satisfying reconciliation.  I really, REALLY enjoyed this movie. I was impressed at how true the film was to Weiner's novel. There are several things in the film that differ from the book, most notably the fact that Maggie's entire experience hiding out at the university is omitted from the movie. That was a real disappointment at first because I always thought that aspect of the story was one of the most interesting parts of the book. However, Weiner's novel is pretty long and not everything could make it to the big screen. Some material had to be cut for the screenplay and it made sense to cut out the university. Besides, the screenplay incorporates several themes from the university section of the book by creating a relationship between Maggie and a retired Italian professor who lives at the retirement center, which was incredibly moving and well done.  The entire cast of "In Her Shoes is phenomenal. Diaz and MacLaine steal the show, but the supporting cast is spectacular. I especially Mark Feuerstein's performance as Simon. (By the way, the character of Simon is much more attractive and overall appealing in the film than he is in the book!) The one performance that didn't thrill me was Collette's. For some reason, I just couldn't warm up to the character of Rose at all. I thought that Collette's portrayal of the character was way too edgy, resulting in Rose coming across as extremely unlikable. When I read the novel, I was instantly sympathetic toward Rose and hated Maggie...then Maggie underwent her slow character transformation and I eventually warmed up to her as well. While watching the movie, I was able to sympathize with Maggie's character almost right off the bat, even though she was such a brat. I never really felt sympathetic toward Rose, even though all these terrible things were happening to her. Collette's interpretation of the role was too stuffy and cold, which was extremely unfortunate. I wish someone else had been cast in the part.  In spite of Collette ruining the character of Rose for me, I still think that "In Her Shoes is a great adaptation of Weiner's excellent novel. Fans of the book will love the film, and anyone looking for an emotional "girly movie will love it as well.
 Being a guy I can't say I really wanted to see this movie.  But after my fiancee bought it I ended up watching it with her one afternoon and it wasn't half bad.  For being a Chick Flick there is a fair amount of guy humor and enough diversity that anyone can get drawn into the movie.  Overall I'd say it is a typical Cameron Diaz movie.
 Color me surprised.  When my mother chose this film for our weekly movie night, I was skeptical to say the least.  I'm not a fan of Cameron Diaz, and both the title and the trailer turned me off.  It was a small mercy that Toni Collette starred opposite of Diaz, but the film seemed to scream "stereotypical chick flick! at the top of its lungs.  Well, turns out, it's not.  Instead of hopping from cliche to cliche, it bravely swerves around them, taking the audience on an unexpected and blissful ride.  The considerable running length that initially made me cringe became a blessing, because I just wanted more.  Collette shines as expected, and Diaz admittedly impresses here.  Their nuanced performances, which punch up an already fantastic script, allow the viewer to really feel the characters, loving and hating them at the same time.  I'll avoid plot summary here, because this is a film that should take you by surprise, but the general idea behind the film is that Collette plays Rose, a sexually deprived woman, and Diaz plays Maggie, who uses sex to get what she wants.  The two clash throughout the film and... I'll stop there.  There are so many awesome plot elements that are thrown in that really make the movie a layered, enjoyable, filling experience that to describe further would be to deprive you of the many surprises the film offers.  In short, watch the movie.  You'll be surprised, touched, and entertained.  8/10
 It may seem on the outset to be nothing more than another chick-flick, but `In Her Shoes' is not only smart and entertaining but it's complex in many ways.  It tells us the story of two very different sisters, Maggie and Rose, who love one another deeply despite the fact that they rarely get along.  Rose is the successful `plain looking' one who can never seem to find the right man and Maggie is the unstable `pretty' one who bounces from one man to the next.  After an explosive argument where each party says things they really don't mean the two girls separate, disbanding their relationship.  The beauty of `In Her Shoes' is that it delicately and affectionately relates each girls side of the story.  While Rose is successful in her own way she wishes she had half of the gusto and spunk her sister Maggie possessed, and while Maggie may have a way with people, she lacks self confidence in her own abilities.  She gives herself away because she doesn't realize she deserves more than that.  Rose thinks that she is ugly, Maggie thinks that she is stupid; both girls pick themselves apart yet find a way to blame their own insecurities on their sister.  As the film progresses; Maggie moving in with their estranged Grandmother Ella, Rose actually finding a man who loves her for who she is; it continues to grab us and connect to us.  It never falls apart or dives into overly sympathetic or in other words `pathetic' territory.  Sure, it grabs at your heartstrings and may even bring a tear or two to your eyes but its all legitimate emotions.  The acting is particularly splendid here as well.  Toni Collette is always a delight (how is it again that she has but ONE Oscar nomination) and here she is flawlessly on point.  She really helps the audience to understand Rose.  Shirley MacLaine proves yet again that her talent is never-ending.  As Ella she is moving and affectionate and truly outstanding.  To me though, this movie belongs to Cameron Diaz.  I'm really dying to see this girl fully embraced by the awards circuit.  I don't understand how she has gone this long without a single Oscar nomination.  As Maggie she really fleshes out this girl's strengths and weaknesses.  She makes her three dimensional, relatable and sympathetic.  The scene where she auditions for MTV alone made me cry; it's so real and raw and believable.  In the end `In Her Shoes' is well worth the time.  It's an elevated chick-flick with heart and soul; a film that really understands what it's aiming for and truly delivers in the end.  It's not what I was expecting and I'm sure you'll get more than you bargained for as well.  Director Curtis Hanson has a nice way of approaching his projects, and while `In Her Shoes' is a far cry from Hanson's Oscar winning `L.A. Confidential' it has a level of maturity we've come to expect from a man who continues to hand us cinematic gems.
 I was NOT planning on seeing this movie because...I'm a guy.  I figured it was your basic "chick flick.  However, this evening it was the only thing available so I decided to get it, figuring that at least Cameron Diaz is hot, and I'm glad I did.  The script is excellent.  An interesting drama with interesting characters, but with comedy moments that really bring laughs.  Complimenting the great story are the performances...they are superb.  Shirley Maclaine has been playing goofy stereotypical characters for quite awhile now, so it's nice to see her in a movie where she is playing a "real person, and she does it very effectively.  Toni Collette is great as the ugly sister and surprisingly, Cameron Diaz is not only hot as the pretty sister, but she turns in a very strong performance too.  I was totally engrossed in the story because the performances were that good.  The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is that I thought the movie was just a little too long.  I think they could have trimmed some fat and had just as good a movie.  One more thing
 With its predictable situations and stock characters, I am genuinely surprised that I ended up liking this 2005 movie, the epitome of a chick-flick with its veneer of Lifetime TV banalities. However, after a slow set-up, a closer look yields a frequently perceptive, often touching film that exceeds expectations on several levels. First, director Curtis Hanson, not known as a women's director given his previous works include "LA Confidential and "8 Mile", has an idiosyncratic eye for the overriding themes of self-esteem, caretaking and inextricable sisterly bonds. Adapted from a popular chick-lit novel by Jennifer Weiner, the story focuses on two sisters, a study in physical and behavioral contrasts - Rose, a workaholic Philadelphia attorney who falls into the trap of an office affair with her slick boss, and Maggie, a seductive, dyslexic and ethically marginal party girl who cannot keep a steady job or a place to live.  Their can't-live-with-her, can't-live-without-her relationship has an authentic feel, even if at the beginning, their increasing polarization smacks of stereotype. They have an explosive blow-out at which point the movie tracks their evolving lives on parallel paths. This is where the film's strongest section begins, as Hanson and screenwriter Susannah Grant do a nice job of showing how Rose and Maggie have similarities beyond their mutual fondness for designer shoes. Rose hesitantly starts a relationship with a former colleague unconditionally smitten with her, while Maggie journeys to Florida to meet and  live with Ella, the grandmother neither sister knew even existed, at a senior citizen community. Fulfilling the film's coy title, Rose and Maggie eventually merge paths toward an inevitable conclusion by ending up in each other's shoes. The emotional pay-off gratefully resonates as Rose becomes more free-spirited and outgoing, Maggie becomes more introspective and respectful, and both like themselves much more for the change.  Hanson sometimes veers too far into soap opera but ultimately taps into the emotional honesty of the characters by eliciting three superbly rendered performances. As she has proven in films as diverse as "Dinner With Friends", "The Hours and "Japanese Story", Toni Collette manages to get to the core of her characters with minimum fuss, and her Rose is an intelligently observed, warts-and-all performance. Tearfully pushing Maggie out of her life, she viscerally handles the plot's turning point like a wounded hyena. Collette also provides the film's funniest scene when responding to a humiliating slideshow, she wields a kitchen knife in front of her venomous stepmother Sydelle (played to the hilt by Candice Azzara). As Maggie, Cameron Diaz does unexpectedly strong work here as she demonstrates how far more resourceful she is than her fun-loving personality would indicate. Unafraid to lose viewer sympathy, she paints a rich portrait of a self-deluded young woman who gradually discovers that her self-worth extends beyond her obvious beauty.  In an even more dramatic change-of-pace, Shirley MacLaine does not play Ella with the predictable bluster which mark her performances since "Terms of Endearment but rather in restrained shadings that represent some of her most subtle work. It's a commendable turn by an actress entering the sixth decade of her illustrious film career. Not too surprisingly, the male actors are completely overshadowed, but given that, there is nice work from Mark Feuerstein as Rose's supportive boyfriend Simon, Norman Lloyd as the kindly blind professor who makes Maggie realize her inner strength, and Ken Howard as the sisters' resentful father. Brooke Smith plays Rose's cynical friend in a manner almost identical to the character she plays in Woody Allen's "Melinda and Melinda", and Francine Beers is on Estelle Getty autopilot as opinionated Mrs. Lefkowitz.  The DVD includes three surprisingly good featurettes. The obligatory making-of short, "The People in Their Shoes", actually provides insightful comments by Hanson, Grant, co-producer Carol Fenelon and the principal cast on what motivates the characters and why the story evolves the way it does. The funniest piece is "A Retirement Community for Acting Seniors", which comically profiles the non-professionals who took part in the senior center scenes of the movie, while "From Death Row to the Red Carpet
 This is a great movie to watch when you are home alone or angry at your boyfriend. Its a great story about two sisters that are complete opposites and the challenges they face in life. Cameron Diaz is the hot ditzy sister and the brunette is the smart professional with a slight shoe fetish...
 After watching this movie as a rental, I immediately went online and had a copy sent to my sister who lives in another state. It's not that the characters were exactly like either of us, but that there were elements of both of us in each character. The bottom line is that this movie gets to the heart of the importance of a close sister relationship.
 I'd heard a very good review from Joe Morgenstern (KCRW / Wall Street Journal) who said that Cameron Diaz has gone to a whole new level of acting, and we would have to agree. This movie was excellent -- an original and engaging story, outstanding performances, and a very emotional ride. Bring your handkerchief. (It's definitely a "chick flick", meaning that it is a film for women and for sensitive men. But then the film is about relationships, sisters, and shoes. Need I say more?)  All three stars were superb -- Shirley Maclaine as the alienated grandmother with both hard and soft edges, Cameron Diaz as the blonde floozy who finally learns a few things, and Toni Collette as the plainer and more responsible sister who has her own issues to deal with. Many of the other roles were well-cast and memorably performed, including the "good boyfriend, the hen-pecked father, the step-mother from hell, Mrs. Lefkowitz (the grandmother's friend), and an old professor (a charming balance of gentle grandfather crossed with John Houseman from The Paper Chase). With some marvelous lessons about family and forgiveness, this was a perfect film for the Jewish high holy days season.
 I have seen this movie in the cinema but I have to say that the extra features in the DVD is very helpful to provide us with depth and insight with the Director's interpretation of the story.  As the Director said himself in the interview, he didn't want the audience to be conscious of the decisions that he made but all those subtle things in the movie such as arts chosen, the usage of mirror, the choice of camera used, the debate of either using a mutt or pure bred dog to play Honey Bun 2 was discussed openly.  By the time we watch the movie, we have a keener observation and appreciate it even more.  The director does play a pivotal role in ensuring that the actors and actresses conveyed their scenes by not overplayed their characters and all of them didn't disappoint.  The storyline never condescended any people in particular but it simply rolled on smoothly to see how people deal with their inner demons, self-esteem, and subsequently, finding a way to know be in touch with their inner selves and thus, learning to forgive and reconcile with themselves and their loved ones and moving on with their lives.  It has been a long time coming that a Hollywood movie manages to pull my heart string and truth to be told, it's brilliant.  To much my surprise, Ridley Scott is one of the executive producer.  Perhaps, that's just a hint of quality and perfection in finer details.  A movie that shall not be missed and a movie to be shared with the loved ones.  It is very relevant to modern days relationship.  Highly recommended.
 I didn't think I was going to like this, but I ended up liking it quite a bit.  Cameron Diaz is great in her role of Maggie.  I thought the rest of the cast was good as well.  This is a movie that has a lesson behind it and keeps you interested-I know it held my interest all the way through.  Good for a rental, I would certainly consider purchasing it.
 How can two sisters be so different?  Toni Collette plays Rose, a big-city lawyer who is a real straight arrow.  Her sister Maggie, played by Cameron Diaz, is an irresponsible party girl who specializes in sponging off her relatives and avoiding work at all costs.  This movie starts out rather slowly and does not really pick up speed until the appearance of Shirley MacLaine, the sisters' long-lost grandmother.  She attempts to make up for lost time, first with Maggie and then with Rose.  She never pushes them, but under her patient guidance, Maggie begins to find herself and discover that she has a brain in addition to the obvious physical attributes which she has always depended on.  Somehow, under her subtle guidance, the sisters are able to stop feuding and start acknowledging the strong bond between them.  Interesting characters who add a lot to the movie include the sisters' overbearing stepmother and Rose's caring fiance.  When all is said and done, however, it is Shirley MacLaine the talented veteran, who steals the show.
 When theatrically released in America, `In Her Shoes' was not a big hit. Then it came to Japan, it was not a big hit either. It is a pity that not many people have seen this film because for all its flaws, `In Her Shoes' is a sweet, heart-warming film with good acting from the three ladies - Cameron Diaz, Toni Collette, and Shirley Maclaine. Well, probably people thought the film is so-called `Chick-Flick.' (words I hate to use). It is, perhaps, but that does not mean a bad thing.  The story is about two sisters -- Cameron Diaz's Maggie and Toni Collette's Rose. While Rose is very serious-minded and a little frumpy lawyer, Maggie is easy-going, fashionable, beautiful, but utterly self-centered and irresponsible. When Maggie is evicted from the house of her father, she goes to Rose's apartment, in which she `borrows' her sister's desinger clothes and expensive shoes without permission. And finally Maggie steps on the toes of Rose, by doing what you can predict in the first ten minutes by watching sexy Diaz roaming in the room.  Again evicted from her sister's room In Philadelphia, Maggie heads for the south to seek for comfortable life, after finding that she has a grandmother she had never met. The grandma Ella (Shirley Maclaine), living in Florida's home for the old, welcomes Maggie, but she is also wise to detect the true purpose of her granddaughter's visit. In the meanwhile, Rose starts to have a date with a handsome but slightly geekish co-worker Simon (Mark Feuerstein), but it doesn't take long for her (and us) to realize that the presence (or absence) of Rose is the obstacle for her to begin a new life with him.  It must be said that the script of Susannah Grant shows few unexpected developments in story itself. The film goes where you think it goes, and Curtis Hanson refrains from using obtruding skills in telling this simple story. Perhaps the film is too long (more than 2 hours), and perhaps the three ladies are typecast. Perhaps, and this is the most important, `In Her Shoes' wears its heart on its sleeve.  However, I liked the film because it does wear its heart on its sleeve. And when the film moves us emotionally, it does so with complicated characters supported by the intelligently written dialogues. Flawed as they are, the characters, even minor ones like the charming old folks, come to be more and more endearing.  `In Her Shoes' is a kind of film of which content you think you know before watching it. In a sense you are right. But that doesn't change the fact that this is a well-made, feel-good drama with the attractive cast and sophisticated line. It is sweet, maybe too sweet at times, but delightful all the same.
 In Her Shoes has all the makings of a terrific film. It is based on the best-selling "chick-lit novel by Jennifer Weiner. It consist of a terrific cast (Cameron Diaz, Toni Collette and Shirley MacLaine) and a fantastic director (Curtis Hanson of "L.A. Confidential, "Wonder Boys and "8 Mile.") Although it has its flaws, it definitely was not disappointing. It is also one of the better movies I have seen this year.  Diaz plays irresponsible, unemployed Maggie, who still lives at home with her father and evil stepmother. She is Cinderella gone wrong, but still manages to get through life thanks to her remarkable looks and lack of scruples.  When we first meet her, she is making out with a stranger in a bathroom stall at her high school reunion, before throwing up all over him.  Toni Collette is Rose, her straight-laced, plain-Jane older sister, who is also a successful lawyer. She is the one called in the middle of the night to pick up drunken Maggie, and we know she has been through this many times before.  The two have absolutely nothing in common except their shoe size.  When Maggie's stepmother evicts her, she lands herself in Rose's apartment. The sisters seem to be getting along relatively well until Maggie betrays Rose by seducing her boss' boyfriend. This prompts Rose to kick her out and Maggie to track down their long-lost grandmother (MacLaine). The plot might sound like a bad soap opera, but what follows is a chain of events that are hilarious, touching and heartbreakingly real.  Director Hanson does not rush the story, but the writing (adapted by Susannah Grant, who wrote the script for "Erin Brockovich") is so natural, and the performances are so assured, that "In Her Shoes is easy to settle into.  Although Diaz tends to be cast as the beautiful ditz and Colette the geeky, "overweight oddball (even though she is only overweight by Hollywood standards) way too often, neither actress plays the stereotype.  Diaz convincingly inverts her bubbly persona into something with dimensions far beyond "Charlie's Angels, while Colette is a refreshingly sympathetic loner, and perhaps a grown-up version of the lovable character she played in "Muriel's Wedding. Both actresses bring their characters to life in surprising and sometimes unexpected ways.  On the surface, "In Her Shoes may seem like an odd choice for Hanson, whose previous efforts have been "guy flicks, but it is ultimately not that far off from the relationships portrayed in his other films.  This is not a "chick flick by any standards. It is a movie about women, but not necessarily only for women. This is a rare film I think anyone can appreciate and relate to regardless of gender.  "In Her Shoes feels so real, and the characters so authentic, you actually forget you are watching a movie and feel a part of these people's lives.  This is a movie for any moviegoer wanting something a little meatier, spicier and with more emotional depth than the standard Hollywood fare.  I became so emotionally invested in each character's lives that I did not even realize how involved I was becoming until the story was wrapping itself up. At a length of two hours and 10 minutes, this is not a short film by any standards, but the minutes flew by and I realized that I cannot wait to see the film again.  Although it is not perfect, this is a terrific film in every possible way. It consists of a superb cast, a compelling story, interesting characters and just the right blend of drama and comedy that makes "In Her Shoes a great place to be.  I highly recommend it.
 For those who've read any of my previous film reviews, you probably know that dysfunctional family stories aren't my favorite genre. They tend to be too psychologically dark if not downright depressing (THE SQUID AND THE WHALE is a prime example). I don't mind dark themes; in fact, I enjoy them, but they need to have more substance than just dark qualities. There needs to be character studies that go deep and delve into people as a whole, not just their black side. And that's why IN HER SHOES works ...  Some might see this as a chick flick, but it isn't. Although all of the prime players are women, they just as easily could've been men (brothers and a grandfather). But here, it just happens to be strong female leads that pull us into the story. The premise is simple
 The first impression of In Her Shoes might come across like a melodramatic story, but with a director such as Curtis Hanson, the final product should be something else.  After all Hanson directed the brilliant thriller L.A. Confidential (1994) and the terrific film with the pot smoking college professor who could not finish his book in Wonder Boys (2000).  In 8 Mile, he caringly displays the tough upbringing of the infamous rapper Eminem, and how his efforts paid off after years of misery.  Thus, it is not without reason to expect that Hanson could pull off something extraordinary while the title plays directly towards the allusions of something trite and common.  Even though, Hanson generously applies stereotypical females through Cameron Diaz's portrayal, as the typical long-legged blond bimbo Maggie.  Then there is Toni Collette, with several admirable performances since her roll as Muriel in Muriel's Wedding (1994), who reveals a counter-opposite character to Diaz through her excellent personification of the overachieving sister with strong type-A and anal-retentive tendencies.  Maggie, on the other hand, is the kind of girl men turn their heads after while Rose disappears in the masses.  The differences between the two sisters cause much friction between the girls, as Maggie's beauty enhances Rose's insecurity about her looks and her ability to date and Maggie internalizes her insecurity through Rose's driven and self-made success, as she lacks knowledge, wisdom, and skill.  The only thing that Maggie possesses is beauty, which she scandalously uses to her advantage to gain what she desires.  However, time is catching up with Maggie, which only increases her own insecurities.  Through Maggie neediness for constant attention have formed this helpless woman that barely knows how to drive a car.  The only thing that Maggie seems capable of is to put together a sexy or fashionable outfit.  It often means when she runs out of money or place to stay she returns to Rose.  These moments are very difficulty for Rose, as does not have the heart to throw Maggie out, even though she is fully aware that Maggie will end up hurting her by using her for the moment.  Rose even makes effort to help Maggie stand on her own feet, and not be dependent on others by trying to find a job for her, which proves to be a far more difficult task that expected.  One of the best scenes in the film takes place when Maggie stays with Rose and it is when Maggie is trying on Rose's expensive shoes.  During this scene they talk about the purpose of having these luxurious footwear, which subtly enhances the distinct difference in their existence.  The insecurities and personalities that Maggie and Rose hold stem from their childhood, which seems to have strong ties with their mother who passed away while they still were children.  Meanwhile, their father has remarried the stepmother from hell who does everything possible, both consciously and unconsciously, to make both sisters lives extremely difficult to deal with.  On top of this, Maggie discovers that their grandparents are not dead, as their father has said.  Instead, some hidden letters indicate that their grandparents live in Florida.  To make things even worse, Maggie crosses the line of no return, as she sleeps with Rose's boyfriend and gets caught in the act by her sister.  In this complicated situation, Maggie flees to Florida to use her unaware grandmother Ella Hirsch (Shirley MacLaine), as a resort where she can heal her wounds.  To this point In Her Shoes seems to present a rather usual set up for a melodramatic drama, however, it is also at this point where Hanson throws in a wrench into the melodramatic machinery.  Instead of turning it to a typical romantic comedy, or sappy drama, Hanson transcends the film beyond the superficial anticipation of a silly over-the-top comedy of broken hearts and retribution.  The film brings the audience on a journey through the agonizing memories of distant and recent past, which allows the story to bring forth moving qualities such as forgiveness, understanding, and an opportunity for second chances.  The story occasionally feels a little too sentimental, however, Hanson incorporates these elements of the story with delicate touch in such a way that it feels natural and acceptable.  Thus, Hanson meets the expectations again, as In Her Shoes proves to be a poignant tale of two sisters' relationship issues that requires much change and wisdom.
 It was a very fun movie.  Hubby didn't care as much as I did - def a chick flick.  I wish there could be a "In her shoes II".
 I thought In her shoes was a nice story about 2 young ladys the smarter one working for a law firm and the other being unemployed. One not so attractive and the other very beautiful but dyslexic. Along the way they have a falling out going their seperate ways. But in the long run they come back together. While one gets married the other also improves. And they live happily ever after.
 Now i really loved the music in the film, it was great. Amarjeet role was very good in the film.There were many unwanted twists and turns in the story. which made it more boring. however if someone's a Amarjeet fan, please go ahead and watch it.
 It wasn't the best TV show of all time, but it WAS a very good one, and those of us old enough to remember its one and only year on television rejoice that it has finally been released on DVD. Bootleg copies have been available for years, but badly put together and difficult to watch. Finally, a cleaned up version is now available. Craig Stevens was more successful with "Peter Gunn, which came just after "Mr. Lucky, but viewers will still enjoy John Vivyan and Ross Martin, and the great music of Henry Mancini (who also did "Peter Gunn"). It's a good way for moderns to be introduced to late 1950s America, and for Baby Boomers to be reminded of their youth.
 I recently ordered this set from Barnes & Noble. As you know, some of Timeless Media Group's series, have been less than good. This one however, makes it. The picture quality is very good, and the audio is even better. The only reason I didn't give it a better grade is because some of the episodes are a little darker than others. But the picture is crisp, no jumps, no dirt. A worthwhile purchase.
 I enjoyed Mr. Lucky while it was on, but as someone else said it wasn't the greatest.  However, I still enjoy Mancini's wonderful music from the series so that is definitely worth 4 stars just because it was there.
 Starting in a dingy English drunk pen, you may easily mistake this for an every day, run-of-the mill medieval type yarn.  However you'd be very much mistaken.  18th century scenery give way to 20th century language (Hence  the 15 certificate). A fast paced plot bring together Plunkett (Carlyle) an  ex-apothecarist and violent type, with Macleane, a pauper who desperately  wants to be a gentleman.  Together they create a crime wave, 'robbing from  the rich and that's it'  An all round gem of a film, with several notable  stand alone scenes, foremost of which is the dance scene.  Incredible  outfits in a beautiful 18th century ballroom to the sounds of drum, bass  and keyboard.  Truly a unique turn on what could easily have been another  tired old ball.  All actors put on sterling performances both the 'good  guys' and the 'baddies'.  Great script, superb costumes, a marvellous film.
 PLUNKETT & MACLEANE has a purpose
 For those of us looking for a different kind of adventure, Plunkett &amp; Macleane fits the bill.  I wasn't sure what to expect beyond the known premise of this being the story of notorious 18th century English  highwaymen. What I discovered in my first viewing was not only the talents  of the cast, but a visual feast as well.  Updated with modern   slang , an uptempo soundtrack (that cleverly mixes the relevant  classical fare with modern electronics), and authentic looking costumes and  scenery, this one swept me away to another time and place.  Robert Carlyle  and Jonny Lee Miller make a great team (again, as in   Trainspotting ) as the title characters, and display versatility  in each of their roles....from the funny moments weaved throughout, to the  dire consequences of their characters' actions, and finally to the loyalty  of friendship. Liv Tyler, who's role as Lady Rebecca is not as dimensional  as the leads, pulls it off well enough.  All in all, I was pleased with  this film, even with any minor flaws it contains (all being more in form  with the sometimes uneven pace of the story, rather than the acting  itself). Stereotypes do abound (esp. the artistocrats)in this movie, as do  some gruesome violence, which could have both perhaps been a little less  exaggerated. But, who's perfect?  Finally, though Plunkett &amp; Macleane  is not the type of film everyone will enjoy, those of us with a taste for  scoundrels' adventures long ago will find it generally satisfying.
 When I first saw this movie in a theater on Kensington High Street in  London, I wasn't overly impressed. Despite the novelty of being within a  few miles of where the action was supposed to take place, I couldn't get  past the preposterous plot, howling historical inaccuracies and misplaced  modern references, such as body-pierced openly bisexual nobility,  gratuitous use of 20th century swearing and expressions, and last but not  least a throbbing MTV soundtrack in an 18th-century period piece.   But  now, back in the States, watching it on DVD with my kids, it all seems to  make sense in a strange sort of way, and I find the movie highly  entertaining and watchable!  Maybe it's because I can accept it now for  what it is
 Macleane huddles, singing snatches of drunken song, in the debtor's prison. Hearing a noise, he stands up and peers out the window, just in time to see a wagon wheel hurtling out of the mist with surreal speed towards him. Thus begins  Plunkett and Macleane , a wild, adventurous romp through the 18th century. This movie surprises and treats over and over again. Don't be put off by the grisly disinterment that takes place within the first ten minutes of the film. Stick with it.  I've been a fan of Robert Carlyle since I saw  The Full Monty . In fact, I neglected to mention him as one of the perks of the movie when I reviewed  Ravenous . The part of Will Plunkett is one that he plays with relish and realism. He and Jonny Lee Miller's Macleane have a love/hate relationship from the start, but somewhere along the way a real friendship develops. They form a partnership in which Macleane, an upper-class clergyman's son fallen on hard times, finds out where the rich pickings are. Then, as the  Gentleman Highwayman , he and Plunkett  rob the rich...and that's it.   The supporting cast features
 Superb and superb again! Jake Scott has not made a documentary, he has  taken us for a look into the 18th century, and has slapped us against the  lens of Hogarth to do it.  Anachronisms? Yes! They illustrate for him,  he has laid them in our path like beacons, they aren't mistakes! We are all  awash with them, they have to be made into tools; I know this, having been  an 18th century re-enactor for many years. Plunkett and Macleane shimmers  and stinks, is glorious and gory.  The genius here is not just that he  takes the viewer with him into Hogarth's land, it is that he leaves us  there.
 Plunkett & Macleane caught me by surprise. The trailer opened with typical period drama pretentiousness before turning into a punkish, rebellious wild ride. When I went to see it at the cinema (during its extremely limited theatrical run) I hadn't even planned on it that day. I just turned up in time and decided to take a chance. A wise choice indeed, as I was in a bad mood that day and this movie really cheered me up.  It's London, it's 1748, Robert Carlisle and Johnny Lee Miller play the titular highwaymen from opposite ends of the social spectrum. Will Plunkett brings the highway know-how while Captain James Macleane makes the connections to high society. Lord Gibson takes personal offense to their antics after being robbed, but her Niece Lady Rebecca (the lovely Liv Tyler) falls in love with Macleane, and his unusual gentlemanly ways. Ken Stott plays the truly vile Chance, the police inspector determined to see the men hang at any cost, and one of the nastiest villains in recent film history.  Jake Scott (son of Ridley, nephew of Tony) directs with a style that fuses Gothic tones with post-modernism. This is no Pride and Prejudice. Plunkett & Macleane is glam rock on acid while retaining all of the usual gritty, earthy production designs of previous Ridley/Tony films. Amazingly, Jake Scott would not direct another film until 11 years after this got released.  There is a strange rumor persistent on the Internet that Plunkett & Macleane (inspired by true story, don't you know) began life as a completely different film. I recall seeing production stills in magazines in 1996 (three years before its release), and there have been suggestions that it was originally called 'The Lady Highwayman' with Liv Tyler as the lead and Carlisle and Miller merely as supporting characters. The original screenplay by Selwyn Roberts apparently featured bizarre mathematical subtext before being heavily re-written by Bond-scribes Neal Purvis and Robert Wade. I'm not sure if any of the original material made it into the final, 99-minute, cut of the film.  A score by Trevor Jones was also apparently rejected in favor of Craig Armstrong. While I have no idea what Jones may or may not have recorded for this film, there is no doubt that Armstrong's work is utterly amazing, probably his career best.  Plunkett & Macleane seems to have fallen into obscurity since its release. Don't let it pass you by though, it's loads of fun and deserved a wider audience.
 This is a good adventure. Period. Don't expect nothing more than it. Carlysle is charismatic as ever, Mill eris great, only Liv Taylor, beautiful as always, continues to give us bad acting. The plot is good, the  ending is old fashioned (the  anti-heroes  get away with it and  happy), the villain is stereothyped. Good.
 The second volume in the X-Files Mythology series focuses on the Black Oil aspect of the series.  Compiling 15 episodes from seasons 3 to 5, this volume is mainly features episodes about the parasitic, black colored oil like alien substance that can infect humans.  The episodes included here
 The whole "black oil storyline was one of the best storylines in the entire show of X-Files. I am happy that FOX Entertainment has brought all these episodes togther in one place because it compiles episodes from different seasons and the price is right too. It would cost a little less than $300 to buy three seasons of the X-Files, but this is only $32! I really like this storyline because I am a fan of strange things being able to inhabit people. Watch the X-Files!!!
 It's been interesting reading the reviews of the X-Files Mythology series.  The die hard fans love it all.  THe purists find fault in episodes not included.  I was out of the country during the X-years and appreciate this whole set of 4 topic driven collections.  I can watch the sets one at a time and get a good overview of the threads of the series.  I think it's a good idea and will use this same review for each.  bg
 I'm still not convinced that this series of inexpensive boxed with minimal new special features that present the mythology episodes of THE X-FILES is all that desirable or that it should take priority over a complete reissue of the individual seasons in more reasonably priced editions. Nonetheless, it is a great way of calling attention to the extraordinary importance of THE X-FILES in taking long-story-arc television to the next level.  THE X-FILES always functioned on two level
 There are certainly several great episodes in this collection, some of the best in the series IMO, but giving titles/themes to the volumes of this 'Mythology Collection' is a bit misleading. For example, with this one only three or four eps out of 15 (I believe) featured the "black oil and much of the rest was built up around Scully's cancer and coloniztion conspiracy, which is the title of volume 3. There are at least three more eps that featured the "black oil", so since this is the theme to this volume one might think they're all included, but that's not how this collection was organized. The eps were set up in order of their air-date for these volumes, with many important eps left out for some reason*, so I have to wonder why they were given titles/themes at all, especially since no volume number is mentioned on the actual product? Despite all that this was an entertaining show and collection. I now own three of the four volumes and would recommend any of them to a fan of the show, especially if he/she prefers not to buy the entire series.  *Other reviews have mentioned which episodes he/she felt should've been included in the mythology collection for those who are interested.
 Having never read Noel Streatfield's "Ballet Shoes", I can't compare this movie adaptation to the book [I understand that the movie is a condensed version of the book], but I must say I found the movie to be quite entertaining. This is partly due to the wonderful assembly of actors chosen to act in it and the various familiar faces - Emilia Fox [ played the role of Ms Georgiana Darcy in the 1995 version of Pride and Prejudice], Emma Watson [Hermione of Harry Potter fame], Lucy Boynton [played the youngest Ms Dashwood in the 2008 adaptation of Sense and Sensibility], Richard Griffiths [also of Harry Potter], Harriet Walter, Eileen Atkins, and Gemma Jones. It was so wonderful seeing all these beloved actors together in one movie.  The story starts with an eccentric paleontologist, Dr GUM [Great Uncle Matthew played by Richard Griffiths] who is forced to take in his orphaned niece Sylvia [later played by Emilia Fox] who is accompanied by her nurse, Nana. Over the next several years, GUM goes off on expeditions returning each time with a baby girl, and the three are raised as sisters - Pauline Fossil [Emma Watson], Petrova Fossil [Yasmin Paige], and Posy Fossil [Lucy Boynton]. When GUM goes off on another expedition and doesn't return for 12 years, the ladies and girls are left to fend for themselves, forced to take in boarders, and Pauline also goes to work on the stage as an actress to supplement the family income. The focus is mostly on the three girls, and though Emma Watson does a credible job with her role, she is often outshined by Yasmin Paige as the middle sister, Petrova, who finds herself in a quandary - she can neither act well like Pauline or dance like Posy. What she wishes for ardently is to be an aviator, a high ambition indeed for one so young and at a time when women pilots were few and far between.  There is also a sub-plot [which seems more like an afterthought] focusing on a supposed love triangle between Sylvia, a male lodger, Mr Simpson [Marc Warren], and female boarder Theo Dane [Lucy Cohu].  The story was paced well-enough but was flawed in terms of character development if only because of the movie's length - only 84 minutes total running time. But the period details were wonderful and the charming and able cast made it a worthwhile and engaging watch.  Some of the bonuses on the DVD include an interview with Emma Watson, some deleted scenes, a movie trailer, and a audiobook reading of an excerpt from Ballet Shoes.
 Set in 1930's London, The Ballet Shoes is the story of three orphans Pauline, Petrova, and Posy who are "found by their "Uncle Matthew (known as Great Uncle Matthew or GUM) an eccentric adventurer. He gives them the surname "Fossils due to his penchant for paleontology. Uncle Matthew goes off on another of his many, lengthy adventures leaving the girls in the care of his niece Sylvia (AKA "Garnie or Guardian to the girls)and Nana (Sylvia's nurse when she was a child). The women are forced to open the large London home to an interesting group of borders in order to make ends meet in Matthew's absence. The girls are also sent to dancing school in the hopes of honing some marketable skills. The three girls have very different aspirations (Pauline-acting, Petrova-aviation, and Posy-ballet) but they make a pact to put themselves in the history books and help their Garnie and Nana support the household.  What I liked -- -The film is very well done with a cast of memorable characters and witty dialogue. -I also found that it communicated good life lessons. For example, Pauline chooses to become a spoiled prima donna while acting in a play and the director demotes her to understudy. -The film also puts an emphasis on the values of hard work and family. -A happy ending.  What I did not like -- It was such a cute movie that it is really hard to pick it apart and find something not likable.  Overall, I would highly recommend this film to any fans of family friendly films or BBC dramas.
 The BBC's Christmas offering for 2007 was this charming version of BALLET SHOES, based on the Noel Streatfeild novel which I remember with particular fondness from my own childhood.  Despite a few shortcomings, this is a well-scripted and beautifully-cast production which I'm sure will capture the imaginations of all those who remember the original story.  World explorer Great Uncle Matthew (or "Gum"), played by Richard Griffiths, brings home a few extra packages from three of his trips - namely three orphan babies.  Raised by his niece Sylvia (Emilia Fox) and her Nanny (Victoria Wood), the babies grow up into charming young girls with definite ideas about their eventual fates in the history books.  Pauline (Emma Watson) wishes to be an actress, Petrova (Yasmin Paige) is crazy about aeroplanes; whilst Posy (Lucy Boynton) wants to be a dancer.  But when "Gum disappears without trace on one of his expeditions, money becomes tight.  Sylvia arranges to rent out some of the larger rooms in their house to lodgers, one of which, Theo Dane (Lucy Cohu) is a teacher at a children's stage academy run by the formidable Madame Fidolia (Dame Eileen Atkins).  The school doesn't charge tuition fees for its working-class pupils, instead collecting a small percentage of the wage when a child is hired out for a stage engagement.  Pretty soon, Pauline and Posy are caught up in the exciting world of show-business, and, realising that there's no such thing as a 14-year-old aviatrix, Petrova half-heartedly tags along.  The main issue with this BALLET SHOES is length.  Screenwriter Heidi Thomas had a tough assignment in condensing down the events of the book into a 90-minute film (the original book does cover an awful lot of ground) and there are perhaps too many subplots to weave into the narrative; including Sylvia and Mr Simpson (Marc Warren), and the other lodgers Dr Jakes and Dr Smith (brilliantly played by Gemma Jones and Harriet Walter).  The ending feels particularly rushed.  There is an earlier 1975 miniseries (which featured Emilia Fox's mother Joanna David as Theo), and I feel that the 2007 film could have been stronger if it was presented as a longer miniseries, allowing all of the characters the chance to expand and have their own special moments to shine.  Fans of the novel will probably lament at what has been left on the cutting-room floor but this is an altogether-delightful film version of BALLET SHOES, despite its shortcomings.
 I'd never read the novel, but rented <a href="http
 The Ballet Shoes was a very heart warming movie.  I see how Emma has branched out and it is nice to see her acting in other roles.  Very good movie I am glad to own it now.
 Lovely story of three adopted girls who struggle to make thier way in the world. It was beautifully done and shows another acting fascet of Emma Watson, who can really act, not just in Harry Potter.
 I actually ordered 'ballet shoes' because I recognized two of the actresses. I had hoped the story would be at least 'fair', I was pleasantly surprised! I actually enjoyed the movie. I was caring about the characters; all of them, not just the three girls. I was waiting and holding by breath as they were waiting for news. I saw a family there and I was concerned for them. Wonderful! Many likable characters in addition to the three girls shown on the cover.
 Usually I don't like this type of movie but this was enchanting and had my attention for most of the movie. I didn't think of Emma Watson as her Harry Potter Character at all when I saw her in this movie (even though there is another Harry Potter actor in it). I give this movie 4 stars for one big reason and that is I normally don't like "chick flicks but this one I had to see all the way through.
 This is a nice movie for a family to watch. Emma's character is well played as are the other two girls. However, Emma's character is another Hermonie in another time. She is bright clever and wholesome. A trend I hope she continues.
 Cute movie. Embarrassingly, I rented it because I recognized the title from "You've Got Mail". I watched it once and then bought it for my sister-in-law. I've never read the book.
 It was a nice story, just a little slow to make its point. The girls were great actresses, and Emma Watson proved she can act as something besides Hermoine Granger, kudos for her. The redhead was also very good... especially in the scene when she's crying because her teacher died and won't be able to teach her anymore. The brunette was also superb... her character was my favorite. The only downside was the "father"... his character was hardly convincing. I mean... who disappears for 12 years and suddenly return just in time? Maybe I had to read the book to understand it. Either way, great movie.
 Tom Snyder's replay of an interview and salute to John Lennon on the day after his murder is touching, hearfelt and brings a sense of being "back there to the viewing. Lennon is open, honest and sincere in his interview. That is in contrast to the Paul McCartney interview which feels forced and hurried. Paul and Linda look very uncomfortable and Snyder a little rude in the beginning. No revelations here...just standard celebrity fluff. The Ringo interview is fun and enjoyable as he hawks his fine film "Caveman". Worth the money for the Lennon interview, the others are nice to have.
 This would have been a perfect Bealtes DVD if it didn't have that interview with Angie Dickinson on it. Why was interview even on here except that it was part of the same show Ringo was on? I don't even know who Angie is, but I have heard of her name. I just stopped watching the DVD during the middle of her interview. It just seems really out of place and dull.